

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

1 Prologue

The battle of the Hero and the Demon King.

This battle has been repeated countless times in this world.

The Demon King who rule over the Demon race.

There is only one Demon King in each era.

When the Demon King in the current era is defeated, a demon with extraordinary power will become the new Demon King in the next era.

It is how this world works.

Therefore, the Demon King lineage will never be perished.

That character is multifarious. (その性質は千差万別 TL note: don't know how to translate this)

The Demon King can level a mountain with their abnormal strength.

The Demon King who can use sorcery and thousand of techniques.

Having strong hostility towards the Human race was common for the Demon King.

The hope of the Human race, the Hero who fights the Demon King.

The battle between the Hero and the Demon King is exactly like a seesaw.

If the Hero can kill the Demon King, then the Demon King can repel the Hero.

Similar to the Demon King, the Hero's existence too can't be perished.

The battle of those two continues without stopping.

This is the fate of this world.

If there's tragedy, the relationship between the Hero and the Demon King will be mutually congenial.

Both are masters of the rare dimension magic.

Magic equal to the Gods being able to control space and dimension.

They used their magic according to their own fate.

Two magic clashes, the world screams.

Both, the Hero and the Demon King perished being unable to endure their own magic power.

The aftermath of the magic reaches another world crossing the dimension.

The large explosion exploded in a world named Earth, in a country named Japan, in a certain high school.

Inside the classroom, a total of 26 people including teachers and students died after receiving a direct hit of the magic.

The case was reported as a mysterious large explosion.

But those who died did not know about the broadcast.

Even if they are to be reborn.

It is because their souls have flowed backward into the world where the Hero fights against the Demon King.

Their souls scattered in the new world and each one of them will be reborn as a new life.

This is a story of one of them.

Uguoga!

I tried to groan but I can't seem to groan.

Is my body in such a critical condition?

Okay, calm down.

There's no pain on my body.

I recall that I was in a lesson of Japanese language then suddenly I was attacked by a terrible pain.

I probably fainted after that but it doesn't hurts now.

Even if I open my eyes, it's pitch-black here so I don't even know where am I.

Or maybe I should say that I can't even move and I can feel that my body is covered by something.

Is this the so-called vegetative state!?

Uwaa.

Even though I want to deny it but the possibility is high in this situation.

I don't know what happen that time but it looks like I have become a person in vegetative state.

Nai waa. (TL note: No way)

Only having my consciousness, being unable to move my body and it seems that I don't have my five senses.

This is definitely going to be an insanity course.

Nai waa.

When I was thinking about it just now, I heard some faint rustling sound.

This means that I still have my sense of hearing.

Un.

Even if I can hear, it doesn't change the current situation.

GAN!

Ouch!?

What was that?

Did I bump something?

Hmm?

I feel pain just now so does it mean that I have my sense of touch?

Huh?

I should calm down for now.

Thinking rationally, I feel a little uncomfortable but it seems that I move my body!

Geez, it looks like I was jumping into a wrong conclusion about the part being in a vegetative state.

A while ago, my body was covered by something but it seems that thing is exactly in the same state right now.

Ahaha.

No, it's not a laughing matter!?

Eh, what's with this situation?

I was abducted and putted into a sack?

No no.

Who would gain profit abducting a poor reputation woman like me?

Anyway, I need to escape.

Crack!

When I tried putting my strength to move my body, something which covered my body started to fall apart.

Looks like it's not a sack.

I wonder what is it?

It is somewhat soft and somewhat hard, a mysterious feeling.

Maa, I just have to keep moving to break it.

I will break it and immediately escape!

Crack!

It's opened!

I crawl out starting from my head.

With this, I am free!

Before my eyes, there's a large amount of spiders crawling around.

Howaii!?

Ueeeeeeeeh!?

Kisho!?

What's with the huge spider army!?

Each one of them have the same size as me!?

Eh, it looks like they are coming out from something that looks like an egg!

So the rustling sound I heard is THIS!!

I instinctively step back.

Something hits my foot and I turn around.

Un?

Is this that?

The thing which I crawled out from a while ago?

Somehow the thing looks like the egg of the spider army. Is it my imagination?

Rather than looks like it, isn't it the same thing?

Once again, I examined myself.

My neck can't move.

But on the edge of my view, I saw something that looks like a leg.

The leg of a spider.

Ca-Ca-Ca-Caaaaaa-Calm down!!!

I-Is this that!?

Is it really THAT!?

The one that's popular in the internet!?

No no no!

Like in a novel, where there's this God-like guy giving a privilege.

I didn't get anything so surely it's different!

No matter how you look at it, there's still a pattern where the God doesn't comes out.

A Hero candidate for a man and a villain daughter for a woman are also one of the pattern too.

I look to the side for a instant once again.

Similar to those spiders moving around, there was a thin wire-like leg.

I try to move my leg,

It worked just as I wanted.

Umu.

Though escaping from reality is my forte, but I have to resolute myself to recognize it here.

It seems that I have been reincarnated into a spider.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kumo Desu ga, Nani ka? Chapter 2

2 Looks like I'm a monster

Well, it's regrettable to say that I have been reincarnated into a spider.

Although I accept the fact that I'm a spider, what should I do now?

Munch Munch!

For some reason, I heard a threatening sound.

Un.

It's no good to turn my eyes away from reality.

Before my eyes, there is the spider army that is probably considered as my siblings.

They are the only one who can produce the sound.

I glance ahead quietly.

Munch Munch!

Hogyaa!?

What are they doing!?

Huh, are they eating?

They are preying on one another!?

The struggle to live between my siblings is what I can see.

No no no no!

This is bad, this is really bad!

Why must I fight against my blood related siblings!?

Ah, it's for food.

They are all hungry.

In fact, I am also hungry too.

Ha!?

Nono.

I escape from the reality again.

In such a battlefield, I am just a innocent girl that will fall into the clutches of men in a blink of an eye.

Literally, it's a metaphor!

Fight

Tools

Escape ←

The only way to get through this situation is to beat a retreat.

Should I fight?

Impossible.

I am a genuine go-home club.

There's no way I can fight with such violent group.

Ah! My current appearance is the same as them.

Un.

I should escape if I have the time to think about useless things.

ZUN!

Now, what is it!?

A sound and vibration from the rear.

When I turn around, there was a huge spider.

Oh! Is it mother?

Or is it father?

This isn't going anywhere.

I'm even confused now.

Isn't that spider way too BIG!?

It's probably ten times of my size.

Was there a spider that big on Earth?

Hyoi, Chomp.

Ah.

The huge spider stab the smaller spider with its claw and ate it.

It's like eating a snack.

Mother, even you...! ( TL note: You too, Brutus parody)

It looks like it uses its bottom to think.

I should run away from here safely and aim to survive for now!

I escaped at full speed.

I finally calmed down after I was tired of running till I can't even move anymore.

There's no spider chasing after me even if I turn around.

Ah, I thought I was gonna die.

Death immediately after I was born is not a good joke.

Now that I am conscious, I have think about various things.

I am currently a spider.

It's a fact that must be accepted already.

Well, there's no such technique where a human can jump over their own height easily and run on vertical walls.

What am I talking about?

It's a story about escaping.

With so many spiders in a place, it's impossible to escape by running straight.

If I were to compare it and say, it should be like charging into a bargain sale where there's a crowd of auntie.

What a reckless act!

No, well, I didn't even charged into a bargain sale before though.

Anyway, when I was escaping, I jumped and ran on the wall just like a ninja and escaped from the spider encirclement.

When I was running, I had an uncomfortable feeling because of the amount of legs but somehow I manage to move it properly without getting entangled.

Is it the so-called natural instinct?

Un, well, being able to move my body without any inconveniences is a good thing.

So if I am a spider, then what was that super huge spider that I saw a while ago?

Un.

Considering the situation, was that really my mother or my father?

I don't know much about spider's ecology but a parent who eats their own child should be in the natural world.

Well, it's a race where from the moment they are born, they started preying on each other so it shouldn't be strange that the parent eats its own child.

If that huge spider is my parent, then will I become that size someday?

I'm starting to feel sick just by thinking about it.

No, spider is a beneficial insect which helped other people. Isn't it better rather than the me in my previous life?

Huh, how strange, somehow I'm sad now.

Ah, no no.

Let's return to the thought that had strayed a while ago.

Comparing with that huge spider by the size of my body will be too much.

Because I don't know how big is my body is.

If my size is just like a fingertip then it's good.

If so then I can understand the size of that huge spider.

Still, it should be around the size of a tarantula.

However, if my size is bigger then that huge spider should be a new kind that is yet to be discovered on earth.

An undiscovered new species is still okay but I have experienced a reincarnation like in a fantasy so optimistic thinking is probably not good.

To confirm it, I have to find out my size without delay.

Is there anything that I can compare my size with?

I looked around the surroundings.

It seems that I'm inside a rather big cave.

Although there's no light, the view is favorable even it's dim.

I looked around restlessly.

Oh, Th-This is!

What's on the ground was people's footprints.

Oh!

The are footprints of several people are left clearly!

In other words, it means that a person came here before.

That means there's human in this world.

I'm deeply moved when I know there was a person.

On the contrary, I realized a terrible fact.

My body was way much bigger than the footprint of a person.

Un.

Assuming that the height of the person is around 170cm, my size will be approximately 1m length.

Aah, un.

I had slightly thought so since I saw that huge spider.

No matter how I think, I am not a spider that's living on Earth,

In other words, this is a different world unlike the Earth and no matter how positive I think, I am definitely a monster....Thank you very much!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

3 There was a time when I thought that "Appraisal" was a cheat skill.

I am a spider. ( TL note: she uses 吾輩/wagahai to refer herself here)

I'm still nameless.

What am I saying suddenly?

I just want to say it just because I don't have a name.

What am I referring to?

To explain about it, I need to look back on the past.

I was dumbfounded after confirming my size.

Well, isn't it normal?

It's already a shock to me that I was born as a spider, furthermore, I'm a monster.

This sucks.

A normal person would had fall in despair and commit suicide already.

Well, I haven't thought of wanting to die yet.

But I can't keep on feeling down.

If here is not Earth and it's in a different world, then I don't know how dangerous this world is.

There's no guarantee that there are no other monsters besides that huge spider.

That huge spider probably is about 30 meters in length according to my size.

Can a person defeat that thing?

I pray for the owner of the footprints to not meet that huge spider.

However, things are different when they have heavy firearms.

In addition, there's a possibility where magic exist in the world.

If that's the case, then can they resist against that huge spider to some extent?

I don't know.

But that spider is definitely looks like a formidable enemy of the boss-type enemy.

Or rather, if I'm wrong, I would be dead.

A while ago, I was assuming that the people will fight with that huge spider but isn't it good that way?

After all, I am probably the child of that huge spider.

I'm the baby of a monster.

Ah, un.

Now's not the time to joke around.

If somebody were to meet me, isn't it obvious that I'm going to be killed?

It's possible.

Or rather, the possibility being killed is high.

What shall I do now?

Even though I want some information about human, I will be killed if I were to be discovered.

Un.

This is bad.

The lesser the information, the more I don't understand.

What kind of world is this?

What kind of people live in this world?

How do they treat monsters like me in this world?

There's a lot I want to know about but I don't have the way to find it out.

Ah, if this was a novel then there should be a "Appraisal" skill for me to gather information.

《 Currently you have 100 skill points.

The skill 『Appraisal LV1』 can be acquired by spending 100 skill point.

Do you want to acquire it? 》

.... Seriously?

Suddenly, I heard a voice in my head sounded like a machine.

Oh, I see.

There is.

There is a "Appraisal" skill!

Fuhyoii!

I'm fired up!

It somehow became like a different world reincarnation already!

My answer is obviously a YES!

《 『Appraisal LV1』 was acquired. Remaining skill point 0 》

Even though I used all my skill point, such points would surely increase by the time I level up so there's no need to worry about that.

Leaving. That. Aside!

I should check out my "Appraisal" skill by examining various things!

.... How to use it?

Well, for now, I should try focusing on a rock while chanting "Appraisal" in my mind.

Mmmmm!

I feel that it went well!

Information flowed quickly into my head.

『 Stone 』

........Hmm?

Huh?

That's all?

No no no,

You can't mean it right?

I most likely failed for the first time.

Let's try again.

『 Stone 』

.........Eh?

Don't tell me, it's only that?

No no no no.

Surely, this rock has no information value in it. Therefore, I am sure it's just a plain rock.

Now, I will try to appraise the wall.

By any chance, I might be able to know what kind of place is this.

I would feel ease if there's a name and explanation about the cave after appraising it.

『 Wall 』

...........

I won't say anything this time.

『 Appraisal LV1 』. Purposely attaching a LV, I think I need to put a little more thought about it.

In other words, the skill won't have much effect in LV1.

Even though, I want to raise the LV, I don't have skill points to be used.

Uwaaa!

It have wasted all my skill points!

I don't know what kind of skill there is other than "Appraisal" but there should be a skill much more usable even in LV1!

No, I should think oppositely.

If "Appraisal" is in this kind of state, then other skill should have a useless effect in LV1 too.

Let's think this way.

Otherwise, I cannot continue.

Haaa.

Nai waa.

While I am on it, should I appraise myself?

『 Spider

No name』

Hmm?

It is as expected that spider appeared after appraising but.. no name?

That sums up everything and it's back to the beginning.

No name.

Well, I have a name in my previous life so does that mean that the present me as a spider do not have a name?

For the time being, I will put away this useless "Appraisal" skill.

Or rather, I should say that it became more complicated due to the "Appraisal" skill.

Skill point.

I can probably acquire new skills if I save some points.

But I don't know how to gain the points.

If this world uses the concept of LV, then I should be able to gain some points by LV up.

If it's like that though.

This world is like a game having LV, skill and points.

Isn't it fine like this?

At most, I am just a spider monster.

I can't possibly live a decent life. Ah. In the first place, I am just a spider. I will probably be living a spider life ( 蜘蛛生 ) rather than a human life ( 人生 ).

Anyways, in this game-like world, born as a spider, I should live my live amusingly as a spider in such a world just like playing a game.

For the time being, I am hungry.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

4 Exploring a dungeon for the first time

Now now.

It's no use standing on the same place for a long time so I should start moving.

Seems there are human footprints here means that there are people in here and I have a feeling that if we were to bump into each other, it would be troublesome.

For the time being, let's move towards the opposite direction of the footprints.

However, this cave sure is wide!

The height of this cave is probably around 100 meters and the width should be approximately the same.

I'm not entirely sure, due to the uneven rocks scattered here and there, but it feels like the cave is considerably spacious.

The wide path branches extending even further.

Here is a Y-shaped intersection where there's the path where I come from, the path where the people go through and the path that I am heading to.

The path I'm going to is the one going downwards from the Y-shaped intersection.

I climb the rock nearby and I peek at the path ahead quietly.

Something is there....!

There are monsters lurking throughout the path.

『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Deer』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Bat』『Wolf』『Wolf』『Wolf』『Wolf』『Wolf』『Wolf』『Dinosaur』…… ( TL note: Ugh!!!)

The "Appraisal" skill has gone rampaged.

No, it looks like a deer but the deer I know did not had a shining sword-like horn.

The bats are also different. It looks like an ugly rodent with devil wings.

The wolf looks relatively normal or so I thought, but it has six legs.

At the back, there is a dinosaur lying down.

It's like a T-rex that has a horn and scales.

Rather than dinosaur, isn't it a dragon?

Must I breakthrough here?

Isn't it impossible?

No, doing something absurd might be good thing for a newborn small spider.

The difficulty is lunatic.

I stealthily descend from the rock.

What to do.

The front is a monster hazard.

The back, one being a spider hell and another one is human.

Huh?

Am I being checkmated?

Well. wait.

Calm down.

I have prepared a solution just in case something like this might happen.

Well, it not an exaggerated thing. I just happen to found another path.

Because of the huge Y-shape intersection, it didn't stand out but there is definitely a path.

The passage was a hole in the wall.

Still, the height of the hole is around 3 meters and the width is approximately the same.

If there is a problem, it is the footprints of human that came out from the passage.

If a person came out from the passage, doesn't that means that beyond this passage is the cave or rather the dungeon's exit?

Umu.

The exit.

Should I really go out?

If I am a normal human being, I won't hesitate to go out.

After all, it's obvious that this dungeon is way too high-leveled.

I don't know how strong am I as a monster and the moment I thought that it's impossible to win, the option to fight is excluded.

No. If this is a game then dying won't be hard because I can revive but if it's a reality then dying will practically be the end.

I don't intend to stake my life into a suicide attack.

I want to take as many safety measures as I can.

When thinking like that, the choice to escape the dungeon doesn't seem to be a bad choice.

Though the choice was not bad, I cannot say that it's safe to go out.

After all, I am a monster.

At least if there's people going in and out of the dungeon, that means that there's a human population nearby.

If a monster spider were to show up in a human territory, obviously I would get hunted.

That's the risk of going outside.

However, if I can settle down in a place where it's hard to find, then it might work out.

It's a matter of luck to skillfully avoid from humans or to continue to stay inside the dungeon.

Yosh, I have decided it!

For the time being, let's head to the dungeon's exit.

I should watch the dungeon's exit and I should escape as soon as possible.

There's a possibility that the humans may had pitch their tent at the entrance of the dungeon.

Now that it's decided then Let's Go!

I hesitated.(´∀｀*)

No.

Can I say it again?

This cave is way too WIDE!

What's with this huge labyrinth?

The path seems to branch until I don't even know where am I going.

The number of branch paths?

I gave up after I counted till 10.

I encountered a considerable amount of monsters.

The results of escaping from each encounter was me getting lost.

Footprints?

I have lost sight at such a thing long time ago.

Ahh, no way.

A map is needed if anyone wants to conquer this labyrinth.

Now's not the time to find the exit.

My hunger is reaching it's limit soon.

Somebody gimme rice please.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

5 Chapter of a new home

I gave up escaping the dungeon.

If I were to simply roam around here, all I can see is the end of my life.

Whether it's monster or human, they are formidable enemies for me.

Written as formidable enemy, it doesn't read as rival or friend.

It's the one that really life threatening dangerous.

Fortunately, the monsters that appear in this small passage are not that fast enough.

Otherwise, I couldn't have succeeded in escaping.

My body of this spider is relatively quick.

Probably my speed now is better than my previous life.

.....I'm sorry.

I put up a vanity.

In fact, besides quickness, my physical abilities are also better than my previous life.

In the first place, before I was reborn, I was an indoor type.

Well, it is obvious that a wild spider has higher physical abilities.

When I was a human, my only physical ability that I could be proud of is my thumb's movement trained by playing games. ( TL note: lol..seriously?)

Well, let's put this topic away.

In other words, that's how I can escape.

But I can't keep on running forever.

I would be dead if they launch a pincer attack and it's not weird that there are monsters faster than me.

In addition, I am seriously hungry now.

You can't go to the war with an empty stomach.

I might just die from starvation if this continues.

Well.

Let's think about it.

Q, What does a spider eat?

A, Insects.

Oufu.....( おうふ TL note: not sure about the translation for this )

Isn't it obvious.

So, this is what you called to satisfy one's belly.

Furthermore, it's impossible to judge that my prey is limited to insects due to my size.

Probably my preys are such as monsters and another one...well I don't want to think about it though...humans.

In the first place, my siblings prey on each other immediately after they are born.

A parent-like huge spider ate its child like nothing happened. My race probably thinks that all creatures except oneself are their preys.

Or rather, in such a cave, there's no other option than that.

I wonder what the deer-like monster that I met in the huge passage eat?

Is it a carnivore pretending of being a herbivore?

Well, there's no use even if I think about it.

I'm worried about my meal now.

Look's like there's no choice.

I'm going to die from starvation if I don't do something now.

If I don't want to eat it (Monsters or Humans), then I must eat any strange thing I can find here.

Let's be prepared for it.

Now that I'm prepared, it's time to decide what to eat.

Of course there's no food to be found nearby.

Since there's no food nearby, I need to look for it now.

How?

To put this bluntly, the probability of me to win against a monster here is near to 0%.

The passage in the maze I'm currently in is more narrow than the huge passage from before.

And there's no monsters that gives out a 'impossible to win' aura like that huge spider and the dragon-like monster in the huge passage.

The monsters here only had the size of a human.

Still, it's impossible for me to win against it.

Why? you say. It's because I never fought before!

If it's a game then it's my forte though.

Because game and reality are different.

2D and 3D are different.

I cannot be concerned about my appearance when it's the time for me to fight.

Though I'm hungry now, but it haven't reach the limit yet.

Then, I should secure food like how a spider does it.

Speaking of a spider, it's thread!

The spider makes its nest with special viscous threads and catches its prey with it.

I think that the topography in this cave is quite suitable.

At any rate, I can spread my thread all over the place.

Now that it's decided, it's time to make my new home!

First, I produce a thread.

Was it the bottom? The part where thread comes out.

When I was thinking about it, the thread came out.

Huh?

I don't remember producing such a thing.

Furthermore, it keeps on extending.

Don't tell me that the thread came out from my bottom ever since I started moving?

Uwa, somehow it's kinda embarrassing!

Looks like I didn't notice all the time that I was releasing thread.

Un.

What to do with this thread?

Well, it might be useful but for the being let's cut the source and leave it for now.

Now, let's start building my nest!

I know that I can produce thread.

I just need to spread my thread in accordance with the surface of the cave.

I think that I'm rather skillful but can I spread it well?

There was a time I thought about it.

I am satisfied when I see my completed web.

A magnificent spiderweb was spread to block the passage in the cave.

Is this a spider's instinct?

My body moved by its own when I started making the web and before I knew what was going on, the web has been completed.

However, I only made the lower half of the web here.

The upper half was made 1 meter away from the lower half.

Why did I do such thing?

I want to secure an escape road just in case.

Now, I am at the T-shaped intersection.

I spread my web on each passage, blocking each one of them.

However, I can't escape if I block it up completely.

I don't think there is but there's a possibility that someone might breakthrough the web that I spread.

Therefore, I left a hole on purpose just to be able to escape in case of an emergency.

Monsters without intelligence will get caught in the lower half web.

Flying monsters will get caught in the upper half web.

I managed to secure safety because I'm surrounded by webs in all 3 directions and I had also prepared an escape route just in case something happens.

The completion of the ideal shut-in space!

My magnificent home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

6 I didn't regret after munching it

It looks like I dozed off after I felt relieved making the new home.

There's a vibration transmitted through the thread that was tied to my leg and it woke me up.

All of this felt like a dream when I woke up but it was not a dream.

Well, un.

I already know that.

I stretched my body after waking up.

All my legs stretched briskly.

It's kinda disgusting.

I pull myself together and I turn towards the thread that's still vibrating.

In my point of view, the thread was on the left passage which spreads out to the lower half web.

Looks like something is caught there.

My first prey.

I approach it carefully.

Upon reaching the web, there's something with a flashy rainbow color familiar figure caught in the web.

『Frog』

Un.

This is really shape of a frog.

Though the size is almost the same as me and it shines in rainbow color but it looks exactly like a frog.

This is the first time that I agree with the result of "Appraisal" skill.

A frog.

It's not a bad first prey right?

Though it's not eaten in Japan, but some area seemed to eat it normally.

It seems that it taste almost the same as chicken.

To continue living, I might need to eat strange things in the future. So, isn't it a good start for now?

If I don't eat it, I don't think I can eat anything after this.

If there's a problem, then this frog, no matter how you look at it, it looks like it has poison in it.

No, having such a malicious color, it's impossible that it's not poisonous.

What should I do?

When I was thinking leisurely, the frog launch a counterattack in desperation!

The frog spits out a malicious color liquid towards me!

Ah, this is bad!

Without enough time to avoid it, I took the liquid on myself.

Arghhhh!?

Wa-, what's this!?

Pain, pain!?

Is it poison?

Is it really poison!?

The part where I took the liquid is very painful!?

Owaa!?

A second spit is coming!?

Wait!?

Gyaa!?

It hits again!?

Pain, this is not good!?

Retreat, Retreat!

I moved my entangled leg and somehow managed to evacuated from the spitting range of the frog.

Uwaa.

It's very painful.

Is this the feeling being pour with acid?

My body didn't melt right?

Though I feel uneasy, but there's no mirror so I can't confirm my body.

Shit.

I was defeated.

Even if it's caught in the trap, but it's still a monster. I should not have been careless.

Despair turns cowards courageous.

Even a frog won't let itself get eaten by a snake without resistance.

Ah, the pain doesn't seem to be deadly.

The venom had hit mainly at my left half of my body and my back.

Some of the venom hit my left eye causing me to lose a part of my view.

Hmm?

My left eye has been destroyed but only a part of my view is missing.

Ah!

Is it because that I am a spider that I have a lot of eyes?

It's probably so.

This is newly discovered.

Now's not the time for it.

The pain doesn't seem to fade.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Acid Resistance LV1』》

What?

Somehow the pain softens.

Can I acquire a skill even without using any skill points?

Huh?

Then what's the point of using 100 points for that "Appraisal" skill?

....I should not try to think deeply.

Anyways, it seems that I acquired an "Acid Resistance" skill.

The condition for the skill to be acquired was probably the attack from the frog.

Un. However, there seem to be other conditions because I didn't acquire the skill after receiving the attack.

The most likely answer would probably be that I keep on receiving damage from the acid right?

Let's postpone all the thoughts first.

The pain became better due to the "Acid Resistance".

When I think about it, my anger towards the frog starts to blow out.

That frog, being just a food, sure have the nerves to attack me!

Unforgivable!

I have just decided it.

I don't care if it has poison or not.

When it comes to this, I will eat it no matter what happens!

Now that it's decided, it's time to charge!

As long as I don't lower my guard, that frog is just a pitiful prey caught up in the trap!

The frog that spits out venom three times.

Fu, it's easy to avoid if I know it's coming!

I dodge the approaching venom splendidly and charge at the frog.

Receive it, my killer technique!

Chomp!

I bite it!

Fuhaha!

Don't think it's just a mere bite!

I am a spider!

There's poison in my fangs!

When I was able to produce threads, I was able to understand such information naturally.

Fufufu, be undermined by the poison and die!

Splash!

Hogyaou!? ( ホギャオゥ！)

It spitted venom in that kind of state!?

Pain Pain!?

It's still painful even if I have resistance!

I pulled out my fangs unintentionally!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Resistance LV1』 has became 『Poison Resistance LV2』》

Ah, is that so.

Now's not the time for it!

This frog, to spit this filthy venom on me not twice but thrice!

It's unforgivable!

Though I don't have the intention to forgive that frog but now that thing's done for it!

Entrusting my anger, I attack it with a second bite.

The frog writhed in agony.

Fuhaha!

Suffer, suffer more!

I get carried away and I bite it over and over again.

The frog that was struggling a while ago gradually became weaker and finally ran out of strength.

Fuu.

At last, I defeated it.

With this as my first prey, I feel uneasy about the future.

But, I did it!

I taste it at once!

Munch Munch.

Zuryu Zuryu. ( ズリュズリュ TL note: no idea what sound is this)

Umu, it's bitter and painful.

Is the poison the bitter one?

Is the pain from the ingredient of the acid?

Well, with resistance, I can endure it.

But, it's not delicious.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill『Acid Resistance LV1』 has became 『Acid Resistance LV2』》

Though the frog is not delicious but the skill was delicious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

7 24 hours vacation throughout the year

The belly was filled.

Is it because I'm too hungry or is it because to recover from the damage that I received? The frog that has the size similar to me was already in my stomach.

Typically impossible?

Hahaha.

Skills are like mysterious phenomenon in this world.

In addition, I cannot say that it's necessarily impossible.

Because my body is inflating like balloon.

Fuu. If it's a human's body, then it's the time to think about dieting.

Well, in my previous life, I had a body that won't gain weight no matter how many I eat so I had never tried dieting before.

For the time being, I need to restore the part of the web that's broken.

Ugh, it's hard to restore the web with my current belly.

I somehow managed to restore it.

Thank god that no monsters came when I was restoring the web.

Now that I think about it, isn't the danger not limited to when I was restoring the net but also during the time I ate the frog?

There's a possibility that other monsters will get tempted by the smell.

Though I saw it in this narrow passage, but there was a six-legged wolf in the huge passage.

No matter how I looks at it, it surely has sharp sense of smell and it might be dangerous.

Next time, I should eat after I return to my home.

Ah, among food, clothing and shelter, I have food and shelter.

Clothes?

You want me, a spider to wear clothes?

Haa.

I don't feel that I need it.

This cave is neither hot nor cold and in the first place, my body is covered by short body hair.

There's no meaning to wear clothes and in the first place, there are no clothes to wear.

I think I can make it with my threads and it doesn't seem that I need to so much effort making it.

I don't know whether I can wear it or not even if I make it.

Doesn't that means that I have clothes too?

Oh. Then that means that I would have obtain the necessities of life without working.

No, I pretty much build my nest and I had a hard time defeating the frog, it might be exaggerating to say that I didn't work.

As long as nothing bad happens, it can be said that the environment is in good order for living a dream-like lifestyle.

If there's a problem, then there might be someone strong who can breakthrough my web or there's a possibility that I will starve due to no preys caught in the web.

In the worst case, if someone strong were to breakthrough my web, then I would escape immediately.

Then, if only there are preys who would get caught in my web regularly.

As long as it is fulfilled, then I can stay indoors throughout my life.

Wonderful!

Though I went to school normally, I lived my life mostly like a shut-in.

Spending my time in school without talking to anyone and when I return home, I did nothing besides surfing the internet or playing games.

I pour hot water on the rice then simply heat it up for 3 minutes with the microwave oven.

Once in a while, I would go to the convenience store to buy bento.

Both of my parents are working and they usually come back late.

Even if they came back, we hardly meet each other and hardly had a conversation too.

As for housework, everyone does only the minimum.

To put things bluntly, it was like a total stranger living in the same house.

Probably because of that, it was troublesome to communicate with another person.

Well, rather than life, it's probably my own personality that I had since I was born.

Therefore, I don't even have any friends and I hardly talk even in the game's chat.

That's why my game character always had a silent image.

My avatar is a rough and bald old man.

A nice guy who talks with his back.

Status and romance are temporary so I raised only my physical attack and speed in the game.

It's no big deal if I don't get hit so I always evade every attack and use the 'hit and run' strategy to defeat my enemy.

I will die if I was hit though.

Umu.

Although it's trivial not being able to meet my parents or my classmates, it's a little lonely not being able to meet the bald old man again.

In a free player group, only an influential person/gamer who had a high social status/fame can go up against a few paid gamer group and it will be a regret if character gets destroyed halfway.

I think I'm not a human already when I had more attachment with my game character rather than my parents.

Nonetheless, it's a fact.

Will my parents grieve over my death?

Un.

It doesn't matter.

I think even if our positions are reversed, I don't think there's a need to grieve over my child.

I probably will be troubled in raising the money for the funeral.

Telling things like this to a stranger might somehow anger them but so what?

Because I don't cause trouble to people so it's none of your business on how I think.

Trouble for my parents?

Unfortunately, I have invested in stocks using my parents name. Every month, I will bank in a sum of money into the bank account.

You have to get a hang of it and also taking the risk, then only you can earn money with stocks.

Therefore, I don't live depending on my parents.

I never cause any troubles to anyone so I don't want to hear it from someone who does it.

Well, there's no use saying such a thing now.

So I will declare it.

Shut-in NEET is the BEST!

( TL note: ヒキニート. Basically a mix of hikkikomori and NEET so I translate it to shut-in NEET)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

8 A spider without intelligence is just a normal spider

Zzz.

Fuaaa.

Ah, I slept well.

I overslept.

After all, it's nice to be able to sleep in peace.

I wonder how long did I sleep?

My sleeping hours in my previous life is around 4 hours.

I fall flat due to anemia because of lack of sleep and I slept throughout the whole day. I'm currently having that kind of feeling.

However, the sense of a spider and human will eventually change so I don't know how much time have passed.

Un. I want a clock.

In the first place, how much time have passed since I was born?

2 or 3 days should have passed.

In the dungeon, I won't know if it's morning or night now.

I don't know anything about this world's calendar and there's no guarantee that a day has 24 hours.

One year is when the Earth complete traveling through it's orbit around the Sun. One day is when the Earth complete a rotation.

I think it's impossible that this world has the same size or same orbital period as the Earth.

Well, even so, it is still a physical interpretation. It might be a occult-like parallel world or a different world that uses another law to move. If this world is something like that, then it might be right.

Though I don't have the way to confirm it.

I might leave this dungeon someday but now, let's enjoy this lazy life.

Well, rather than rolling on the floor, I should think about the mysteries that were left out.

First of all, how did I die?

No, I think that I'm the only one that feels that I'm dead.

I convince myself that I have reincarnated into a spider but I don't have any memories about my death.

Mmm?

If I am not mistaken, the final memory was I am in the Japanese language class.

Our teacher who we called Oka-chan, ask us to read the kanji aloud.

I doze off and suddenly I felt a terrible pain. Then, I have no memories of what happen next.

If I died that time, I wonder what is the source of the pain.

The most likely possibility is that I died after the pain and I was reincarnated into a spider.

Another possibility is that I never died after the pain and my soul is currently possessing a spider.

Where my human body is currently in a vegetative state on the hospital bed.

A more crazy possibility is where I am a total stranger with the memories of myself.

The real me might still be in class normally.

Un.

There's no limit when I start to think.

Like the current me is not actually me. But how am I going to prove it?

I also tried thinking that I am me therefore it's me.

(私は私であるが故に私なのだ、とか訳わからん事を言ってみる TL note : too confusing)

Generally, the most likely possibility as being reincarnated is basically ignoring common sense already.

For the time being, let's put a hold in this matter.

I think, therefore I exists with my soul, I am me. I should assume it like that for now.

Next is my present body.

The spider's body is relatively convenient.

I can move all my legs freely and I can move faster than the time I was a human.

I can even climb walls and of course, I can even walk on the ceiling.

If there's any inconveniences, then it will be that I don't have hands and when looking back, I need to turn my whole body backwards.

It is considerably inconvenient that I don't have hands.

For the time being, I use the front legs as substitutes for hands but it can't move like a human's hand.

Because the point of my leg is a sharp claw.

With such dangerous thing, it's impossible that it can substitute a human finger.

Though it's inconvenient, but I can somehow manage it for now.

Here it is, the big problem.

I can't see my back.

This is quite dangerous.

The spider's neck sticks to it's body and there is no feature that can look back without turning the whole body.

I don't have problems with my left and right because I have a lot of eyes making me able to see quite a wide range.

But if I can look back, then that means that I am definitely weak against a surprise attack from the rear.

I intend to use my threads for countermeasures.

If it's impossible to grasp the sight of my back in this body structure, then I have no choice but to rely on other senses.

Specifically, I will keep on releasing thread on the rear and this will help me to grasp what's there if there's movement.

Well, it's not as easy as it is.

I should practice this afterwards.

If I keep staying in my home, I don't think that I would receive a surprise attack. But let's be well prepared before anything happens.

Last but not least, skill.

I still have some minor uncertainty but this is the last major question.

What's a skill?

If it's a game, then skill is something like an ability or technique.

What you can do increases with your skills.

However, I don't know what kind of treatment the skill had in this world but I should not try to think in this direction.

More importantly, about the skill that I have and what skill I can acquire in the future.

The skill I have now are 『Appraisal LV1』『Acid Resistance LV2』『Poison Resistance LV2』.

The "Appraisal" skill was acquired by using skill points.

This skill point is also a mystery.

Just by acquiring the "Appraisal" skill took all my skill points and I don't know how to increase this point.

If it's a game, then by leveling up, I should be able to gain some points. But I don't know whether the concept of leveling is in this world or not.

Other than that, it may increase through time or when taking something.

In the worst case, it's possible that it can't be increased.

Like the skill point is something that you have since born and once you use it, the points will decrease where you won't be able to use it after the point reaches 0.

If it's like that, then it's considerably shocking.

I hope it's not like that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

9 Skill verification

Umu.

Let's put away the matter about skill point for now.

To put things bluntly, there's no use worrying about whether it can be raised or not.

Well, the condition to acquire the "Acid Resistance" skill is totally different from the "Appraisal" skill.

If it's ability is just as it's name, then I will have my defense against acid increased.

I acquired this skill when I received the spit attack from that annoying frog.

I think that the saliva of that frog have acid and poison attribute in it.

I think that I acquired the skill after receiving damage from the acid.

I can't decide whether it's the damage received or the saliva's attribute.

I don't know which one served as the proficiency whether the it's amount of the received damage or that I keep receiving the same attack in a row or time lapse.

However, I acquired the resistance skill after receiving the related attribute attack.

Though I need to go through a painful experience, if I can endure it, I should be able to acquire the resistance.

For example, receiving a fire attack will make me acquire a "Fire Resistance" skill.

It's better to have resistance skill if I am going to stay defensive.

From now on, should I received the first attack if it doesn't seem to be able to kill me?

Umumu. No, I don't want to experience pain and there's no guarantee that I can get the resistance skill.

It's not necessary to purposely cross a dangerous bridge.

Un. It's not that I dislike pain.

I acquired the "Acid Resistance" skill and my "Poison Resistance" skill has leveled up from the frog's attack.

Apparently, from what the voice of heaven said, the "Poison Resistance" skill is a skill that I had from the beginning.

Well, I am spider that uses poison so it's not weird that I have resistance towards it.

It's not strange but what about the me who don't even know what skills I have?

If the voice of heaven didn't say anything, I would not notice that I have the "Poison Resistance" skill.

That means, is there any other skill that I have besides "Poison Resistance"?

It's not strange if I have some.

Is it poison attack?

If only I can confirm it but there's no such method.

Just to try it out, I shout "Status" inside my heart but nothing happened.

Can I see it if I raise my "Appraisal" level?

"Appraisal" level?

Skill proficiency?

Hey, doesn't that means that I can level it?

That means I need to keep using the skill until it reaches a certain point right?

If "Appraisal" is similar with the resistance-type skills, won't the level go up if I keep on using it?

I was convinced that it needs skill points to level up before because I acquired it by using skill points. But now, maybe this will go well.

I started appraising everywhere at once.

Information such as 『Wall』 and 『Floor』 started to flow into my head.

Ugh, I'm feeling slightly sick now.

I feel sick due to excess information.

《Skill proficiency reached。Skill 『Appraisal LV1』 has become 『Appraisal LV2』》

It was worth feeling sick!

Hurray!

Though it only rose by 1 level, the feeling moving a huge step forward sure feels good!

I tried appraising myself while feeling excited.

『Small Lesser Taratect　No name』

Oh!

Something like a species name appeared!

As usual, the information is still little but compared to LV1, it's better now.

However, I am small and lesser.

Somehow, it's like I am an inferior species.

Un, the tension whirled up by the "Appraisal" fell a little.

It's not like I had high expectations on it but I didn't expect that I am an inferior species.

Well, it's the same during my previous life so there's no use thinking about it now.

Leaving that aside, I should keep on appraising to raise it's level now.

.....It won't go up.

After that, I keep on appraising the wall but the level just won't go up.

By the way, the "Appraisal" result of the wall was 『Wall of Labyrinth』.

A doubtful result.

Well, let's assume it as something trivial. Now, why my skill level won't rise?

Un.

The highest possibility is that once a thing is appraised, the skill proficiency won't increase if you appraise it again.

Certainly it will be easy to increase the skill proficiency if it's not like that.

Just to be sure, I appraise my home in every nook and cranny.

But, the level did not rise.

Looks like the skill proficiency is not enough.

That means that I need to go out from my home in order to level my "Appraisal".

Now that I think about it, I appraised a large crowd of monsters back then.

The skill proficiency might have increased through it.

However, the outside.

Troublesome.

Especially when I have a comfortable home like this.

If I want to live safely, then I should just stay indoors.

I must go outside if I want to increase my level.

Though both has their own merits and demerits, the dangers of going outside is the biggest demerit.

Un.

I have decided it.

For now, I should enjoy my life here.

There won't be any retributions even if I slack a little.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

10 Level Up!

There was a reaction on the thread when I was sleeping.

Looks like my second prey is here.

Just when I started to feel hungry. What a perfect timing.

I skip towards the prey.

....The skip of the spider is surreal.

Because I was attacked previously, I approach it carefully this time.

Now, what kind prey did I catch?

『Elro Frog』 ( エルローフロッグ )

It was a frog.

It's YOU again!

Why!

This dungeon should have other monsters than this!

What kind of probability to get the same prey twice in a row!?

Haa! Haa!

My pseudo Kansai dialect came out unintentionally.

Good grief, what to do....

Splash!

Nooooooo!?

I received the frog's spit attack when I did a stupid one-man comedy.

The surprising fact that is only revealed on the second life.

I am a fool!

Ah, un.

I was able to calm down due to the pain.

This time the resistance skill never leveled up.

Looks like the skill proficiency is not enough.

Well, I don't mind.

I wrapped the frog with my threads so that it can't put up a resistance.

I bite it from above.

This frog didn't die from a bite last time, probably because it has "Poison Resistance".

Still, it should be weakened if it's bitten.

I quickly bring back the frog to my home.

After that, I return back to restore the web.

Alright, now it's perfect.

When I return to the frog, the frog was struggling to get out from my web.

Un.

Look's like one bite is not enough.

Chomp!

I bite it.

Last time, it was defeated after so many bites, but now that I think about it, there's no need to bite that much.

I just need to keep on injecting poison without releasing my fangs.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV1』 has become 『Poison Fang LV2』》

Oh!

A skill leveled up!

A skill that I heard for the first time.

The skill leveled up at the same time as the movement of the frog stopped.

Things are happening so suddenly that it startles me

Ah, looks like the power of my poison have increased because of my "Poison Fang" skill has leveled up.

Sounds great.

《Experience points has reached a certain point. Individual, Small Lesser Taratect LV1 has became LV2》

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Ah, somehow my body is strange!?

Up!?

What's this!?

My skin is ripping off!?

Shedding? Is this shedding of skin!?

《Every basic ability rose》

《『Skill Proficiency Level Up Bonus』acquired 》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Resistance LV2』 has become 『Poison Resistance LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Spider Thread LV3』 has become 『Spider Thread LV4』》

《Skill point gained》

Hmmm!?

Wa-Wait a moment!?

Just now, I feel that I was skimming through an extremely important thing!?

Say it once more!

ONE MORE PLEASE!

Silence.

Oufu.

Seriously?.....

Nono.

Let's recall it calmly.

Didn't it mention level up?

It did say it right?

Ah, I didn't hear it because my skin suddenly started shedding.

N, no, isn't it weird that I suddenly shed skin?

Is it because of the level up that my body had to reform?

For the time being, let's peel off the skin that's still sticking on me.

Uwa, looks like my back is injured.

This was the place where I received the frog's saliva.

Though I can't see it, it was a severe injury.

Hmm?

Come to think of it, the part of my destroyed view was restored!

Oh!

A complete recovery after level up. What a considerate thing to do.

Un.

This is certainly a level up.

Somehow my body feels light and in an excellent condition.

The reason was because I defeated the frog and gain experience points right?

For the time being, let's think while eating the frog.

Well, let's recall it one by one.

First was it said something like my level went up.

Then the shedding of skin starts immediately and when I was confused, I had a feeling that the voice of heaven said various things smoothly.

Recalling, skill, that's right, the skill leveled up right?

Furthermore, it's not only one right?

2 skills leveled up at the same time?

Why?

That's right, it said something before the skills.

Well, isn't it the "Skill Proficiency Level Up Bonus" skill?

That's it!

That's right, it said so!

In other words, there will be skill proficiency bonus point added to every time I level up.

That's why 2 skills leveled up at the same time.

The skill that leveled up were "Poison Resistance" and "Spider Thread"?

Huh, so the thread was a skill too.

I failed to hear it's level.

But, won't it be easy to level "Spider Thread" if I keep on producing it?

Looks like I obtained useful information.

To summarize it, level up recovers physical strength completely.

I think my status rose.

And the most important is a bonus point will be included in each skill proficiency.

I don't know how many points have been collected but seems that 2 skills leveled up, it should be quite an amount right?

That means that I might be able to strengthen my skill efficiently by leveling up.

Even so, level up.

Though there's skills here, I thought before about whether level up exist or not but it really exist now.

Though I tried not to think that way, but this world is really like a game.

When it becomes like this, I was scared that I will live here with my game sense but it's already too late.

Well, I'm starting to feel a little excited.

Looks like I can't go against a gamer's soul.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

11 I~to maki maki i~to maki maki♪

A white thin thread is attached to my two forelegs.

It stretched when I pull the outer.

It gradually return to its original length when I relax my strength.

Un.

It became like a rubber just as planned.

What am I doing?

Because I now know that "Spider Thread" is a skill, I started experimenting the spider thread in various ways while increasing my skill proficiency.

Until now, I have only use my thread for making my nest and to restrain my prey.

That's why I don't understand much about my threads even though the one producing it is myself.

Eh?

Leave my home and level up?

Impossible.

Though I got excited when I leveled up, but it's impossible if I were to think calmly.

Well, think about it.

Do you think a woman who is good in games can win a real fight?

Impossible.

Even if my body is a monster, there's no meaning if the person moving it is frowning.

( 体は魔物でも、それを動かす中身がしょっぱければ意味ないし。TL note: not sure what word to use for しょっぱければ )

As for moving a body in real and in game, it's like Heaven and Earth.

In game, the character won't get tired but in real, you get tired for how much you move.

Besides, I only went to school in my previous life and I was just a weak child lacking of physical strength.

I think it would be difficult to fight against a genuine monster who live with its wild instinct.

Though it's not like I can't do it, but failing=dead. I want to avoid such a risky choice.

If that's the case then waiting for a pitiful prey to get caught in the net has a higher winning rate.

I think this is much more efficient and safer rather that wandering around in the dungeon aimlessly.

Someday, I think that I will leave my home, but that would only happen after I have level up more until I reached a certain point.

Though I used such an absurd character in the online game, in other RPGs, leveling at early gameplay is my style of playing.

Keep on leveling and defeating a boss while humming.

Especially, now that my life is on stake, I should act carefully until I have the confidence to win against other monsters.

As part of level raising now, I am trying to raise my "Spider Thread" skill proficiency.

Now that I think about it, this spider thread is like my lifeline.

I shivered while thinking that I would still wander around in the dungeon if I never make my home.

In that case, probably I would be dead by now isn't it?

It's impossible to take a rest at ease and it's also impossible to catch a prey.

It's all thanks to the spider thread that I am living comfortably now.

When thinking that, raising the level of my spider thread is the top priority for now.

I don't know what's going to change if its level increased but it definitely won't be a loss.

Well, I thought I should find out the property of my thread while I am on it so I verify it in various ways.

I began producing thread and verify the adjustment of thickness, adhesion, strength and elasticity.

The adjustment of thickness was considerably easy.

When I intend to produce thin thread, a fairly thin thread was produced.

Though it's impossible to make it invisible, it was possible to make it as thin as hair.

In this dark dungeon, it should be hard to see even this thread.

However, the result from the experiment on strength that I found out was the more thin the thread, the more easy the thread to break.

Well, this alone can't be helped.

If I think normally, it is obvious that it becomes weaker.

If the level rises, it might increase its strength. Let's put some expectations on it.

On the contrary, the strength rises when I make it thicker.

The thickest string that I can produce now is about 2cm in diameter.

Like a normal rope.

Well, that's the maximum thickness I can produce right now, but I can make it more thicker if I tie the threads in a bundle.

But it takes a while.

I regret that I should not have done the experiment of adhesion.

It's true that everyone thought that spider's threads are adhesive, but to be honest, there's also non-adhesive threads.

The reason why the spider itself won't get caught in its own web is because it knows how to use it properly.

I understood it after making my nest with instinct.

Well, to know more about it, I experimented on it and I end up getting entangled by my own threads.

Ah, un.

To know about the proper use of both type of threads, it was necessary to get entangled by my own threads.

I am an idiot because I got caught by my own threads.

I got impatient.

Actually, I didn't know that the adhesive power can be reduced even after the thread was released and I almost die getting caught by my own trap.

The adhesive power can be changed to some extent if the thread is still connected to my bottom.

After that, I tried to change the adhesive power of the thread that have been separated from my bottom and the result was I can change a little only.

I pull myself together and confirm the strength.

It's weak if it's thin where if it's thick then it's stronger. But I don't know until what extent of power it can endure.

What I mean?

When I make its strength to maximum, I can't cut it no matter how much power I use.

And the scary thing was that I can't even cut it with my fangs.

If something were to be tangled by this thread, then it should not be able to escape.

Well, there may be monsters far stronger than me that can tear my thread off. So overconfidence is a taboo.

And lastly was the result of the elasticity experiment. Currently, I had a string getting stretch.

Un.

This rubber thread seems to be pretty useful.

It seems that I can make a simple sling by tying it with a stone.

In addition, it seems that it's useful in various ways.

I am very satisfied with the experimental results.

But even I use the thread that much, its level didn't increase.

In addition, there's a problem that can't be ignored has occurred.

The more thread I produce, the more energy I use.

In other words, I am very hungry now despite not much time has passed since I ate the frog.

It's not like I hate this consumption rate but if I want to use a lot of threads next time, I better fill my stomach first before doing so because it seems dangerous.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11.1: Side Story
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This chapter took a little longer to translate it.

A side story of a classmate.

べスベルウィッチ= Besbel Witch (suggest any better one though i don't think this will be in future chapters)

S1 The day when the daily life ended

That day, it was just an ordinary day.

I go to school, eat with my friends, attend the classes, play games once I go back home, eat, bath and then sleep.

It should have been such an ordinary day.

On that day, I rubbed my sleepy eyes and went to school.

It's all because I played online game till late night yesterday.

Luckily, I was able to join the same party with Bald-san ( ハゲさん ) and I played throughout the night.

The Bald-san who I mentioned just now is a famous player in the online game that I play.

Just as the name, a person who uses a bald-headed rough old man as avatar, a free player who throw away romance and controlling such an amazing character with skillful technique in the front lines..

Due to the fact that he doesn't even chat, many players were attracted to him.

It's inevitable that I was feeling excited because I can play with the famous Bald-san.

Upon reaching the school, I suppress my yawn and enter my classroom.

「 Morning 」

「 Good morning 」

「 Ossu....What's wrong? You look sleepy 」

I greet my friends who are Sasajima Kyouya and Ooshima Kanata.

Both of them played the same online game as me, this is what the so-called game comrades.

「 Ou, listen and get surprised. Yesterday, I formed a party with Bald-san 」

「 Seriously!? 」

「 Ou, seriously. We almost complete the quest thanks to him. 」 (「おう、マジマジ。おかげでほぼ徹ゲーしちまった」 TL note: not really sure on this 徹ゲー)

「 Uwaa. Seriously. Is it that? The one that I leave after that. 」

I played with Kanata till around midway.

But, he logged out because it's already late in the night.

「 Dammit. If so, I should have persevere for a little more! 」

Kanata seemed to be really frustrating.

But if Kanata didn't leave the party, I won't be able to play with Bald-san.

「 How was it, looking closely at Bald-san? 」

Asked by Kyouya, I recalled the gallant figure of Bald-san.

「 That is not a human. Avoiding the Besbel Witch's magic while advancing. Can you believe it? 」

Besbel Witch is a boss in a high leveled dungeon and this fellow is rather harsh.

In the internet it was called 「Another Game」「Barrage」 due to its outrageous amount of magic attack that it can fire in rapid succession.

(ネットでは「別ゲー」「弾幕」と呼ばれるくらいで、とんでもない量の魔法攻撃を連発してくる。 TL: not sure about the title whether it's 2 different titles or just 1 title.)

This boss's troublesome point was there's no end in its magic.

There's no opportunity to attack and if you leave alone, it will keep on firing magic.

Normally, you would raise magic defense then attack with the resolution to die together, or using shields for the ones at the back and keep on firing magic on it.

But that Bald-san, he charged straight from the front, avoiding every magic fired and jumped towards its bosom and cut it down.

That was surprising.

I opened my mouth wide looking at the game screen.

「 As expected from Bald-san. Looks like his other name, Idaten (韋駄天) is not just for a show. 」

「 No, there's no way anyone can move that fast without some skills. In the end, it requires skills to perform such movement. 」

Kanata said that while beating his own arm.

Certainly, even with the same status and equipment, I don't think I can do the same thing as Bald-san.

「 Ah. I want to get better 」

「 Want to level after school ends? 」

「 Sure 」

「 I also agree. Let's train at somewhere harder! 」

The chime rang after we settled our talk.

We separated and sat on our own seat.

Without knowing that the promise will not be fulfilled.

「 Huh? 」

I started prepare for the class after I sat and I noticed that my pencil case was not in the bag.

Come to think of it, I recalled that I used it to summarize the information of the game in a notebook.

I probably forgotten to put it inside the bag.

「 Uh oh 」

「 What's wrong? 」

The person who reacted was Hasebe Yuika, the girl who sit next to me.

「 I forgot to bring my pencil case 」

「 Aryarya. It can't be helped. I will lend mine to you 」

Hasebe says so and hands a mechanical pencil and an eraser.

「 Sorry 」

「 Umu. I will have you buy me a sweet 」

「 So it's not free 」

I accept it while smiling wryly and waving my hand.

Likewise, not knowing that this was another promise that cannot be fulfilled.

And then, that time came.

It was during the Japanese Language class.

I was sleepy.

I was fighting against the intense sleepiness.

In front, standing on the platform was a small-sized teacher called by a nickname, Oka-chan who was reading aloud the kanji from the textbook.

Most of the students are dropping their line of vision to the textbook on the desk.

I shake of my drowsiness desperately and I unintentionally raised my head up.

In front of my eyes was a figure of a female student sitting at the front-left seat.

It was the person called Rihoko ( リホ子 ).

It's not her real name.

Real Horror Child ( リアルホラー子) . Rihoko for short.

She's an eerie woman who's very thin with a pale face and always have a gloomy expression.

I don't want to speak ill of such a person that much, but an incompatible sense did it by all means even if I understand it.

Rihoko dozed off boldly as if she is ridiculing me, who fought against drowsiness.

While feeling unpleasant, I remove my eyesight from her.

There, It...was there.

It was a crack.

I am probably the only one who noticed it in this classroom.

Exactly on the middle of the classroom, above, a crack appeared where there should be nothing there.

There was no other words to describe it except a crack.

Moreover, the size gradually increased.

The crack looks like it was going to break at any moment.

Even if I saw it, I couldn't do anything as I looked at it dumbfounded.

The result probably would not change even if I did something....

The crack broke grandly.

At the same time, I felt a terrible pain.

And I, we died.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 12.

Another battle. This time with another monster.

I use brother to represent the other spider instead of sibling. She keep on using calling the spider kyoudai so I end up using brother. Furthermore, sibling sounds weird in some parts but I still use some parts in sibling.

12 A moving reunion(lol)

Ah, I'm hungry.

But if there's no prey caught in my web, then eating is impossible.

It's inevitable so I will sleep for now.

I need to sleep to preserve my stamina.

Un, it's not that I am lazy.

Just when I thought I can sleep to my heart's content, I end up waking up forcibly.

This is because there is a vibration transmitted through my threads.

Did a prey got caught?

My joy turned into impatience immediately after knowing that.

I know the state of my web connected by my threads very clearly.

It was a different feeling from before.

Something is touching the web.

It's certain.

It's not caught in the web.

After all, it's moving on the web.

Impossible.

Though I thought before that there might be someone who can breakthrough the web, but it didn't expect that someone can move calmly on the web.

I became confused due to the unexpected situation and it was too late to start moving.

It has already climb over the web and is invading my home..

This is bad.

Though I have decided that when there's someone who can breakthrough the web, I would escape without hesitation, but I'm confronting it now.

I was careless.

With my brain not functioning well just after waking up, I'm confused.

This is the first time I felt the danger of my life since I stay in my home.

『Small Lesser Taratect』

The one that appeared was the same spider as me.

Because of being the same species, it broke through my web without difficulty.

Hello brother. (TL note: she uses English here)

I think this guy is probably my sibling.

But I don't know whether it is an older brother or an older sister or a younger brother or a younger sister.

A moving reunion with my lifelong separated sibling.

However, there's danger to my life.

Wait wait wait.

Calm down.

It's not decided yet whether this guy is an enemy or not.

Even if they were preying on each other after they're born, it might overlook me because of our relationship as siblings.

Kichikichikichi. Sha!

Ah, un.

It's an enemy.

But it's only threatening me and haven't attack me yet.

Looks like it's looking around here.

What should I do?

Running away doesn't seem to be the best plan.

The same species as me. That means that it has the same physical abilities like me.

So far, I managed to get to this point with my running speed, but there's no guarantee that I can run away from someone who have the same speed as me.

In addition, I'm worried about my safety whether I can run away from it.

Because the outside is overflowed with the monster's threat.

In my current hunger state, escaping at full speed, consuming all my stamina, I will be insecure if I am to go outside.

Building a new home will wear me out and above all, it is necessary to look for a good location.

In an exhausted condition, wandering around looking for such location is a suicidal action.

It's terrifying when I think about it.

Then, exactly what should I do? Of course all that's left is to defeat this guy.

Can I do it?

I have a hunch that I'm at a slight disadvantage.

Because of being the same species, there should not be so much of a difference in physical abilities.

However, that is, if our level are the same.

If this guy is born at the same time as me, then there should be no much difference in our level.

Perhaps the same level or maybe 1 level higher.

Because this guy has traveled all the way from the outside and reached here.

I should think that its level is higher than me.

The worst possibility is that this guy was born before me and it's an old-timer.

In that case, its level should be much more higher than me.

It has reached a level where it can move boldly in the place I'm heading for in the future.

There's no chance to win.

Either way, it's a life-or-death fight.

If that's the case then I won't think about my opponent's strength anymore.

I will do my best.

If it's still useless, then it's just the end of this spider's short life.

Though I don't want to die, this world has reincarnation in it, so it's not like I can abandon the concept of the world after death.

Let's resolve myself.

I concentrate for the fight.

I clear my thoughts.

I fix my eyes only on the enemy.

The enemy and me seemed to understand that both of us are ready to fight so I stand ready.

The back slightly inclined.

It's as if the start of an approach run.

The enemy jump vigorously just as I predicted it.

It jumped.

I glanced my enemy with pity who is currently in the air brandishing its claw.

I take a step to the back while releasing threads towards the enemy in the air.

This guy took the wrong choice.

It chose to jump up into the air and attack with its claw rather than using our greatest weapon, poison fangs.

The claw attack is not bad either.

Though it's not bad, you should use it for restraining only.

It's not suitable to use it as the main weapon.

Our weapon are the thread and poison fangs.

I won't be defeated by this guy who did not understand it.

My brother who got caught easily in the air.

It got entangled by the threads and falls to the ground.

I rush over immediately.

Chomp!

I bite into its body with my poison fangs mercilessly.

As the same as me, this guy should have "Poison Resistance"

But such a thing doesn't matter.

When it is restricted by the threads, the outcome of the fight is already decided.

What's left is I just need to inject more poison to surpass the "Poison Resistance".

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV2』 has became 『Poison Fang LV3』》

The "Poison Fang" skill leveled up probably due to the fact that I continued injecting a large amount of poison into the spider.

Around the same time, my brother stopped moving.

I won't forget you, brother.

As the fool who invaded my home for the first time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13: , suggest me some suitable name for this:
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before start reading Chapter 13, suggest me some suitable name for this:

悪食 = Gross Feeder

血縁喰ライ = Blood Relative Eater

禁忌 = Taboo

外道魔法 = Heresy Magic

13 I received a disgraceful title

I succeeded in getting through my brother's attack easily.

No.

I was saved because this guy was stupid.

Practically, it would be dangerous if it's a serious fight.

I managed to grasp my characteristic to some extent.

Given that I can't confirm my status like a game, I think I can judge my ability objectively.

Considering from there, my greatest weapon are my threads and poison fangs.

Restrain it with my threads and finish it off with my poison fangs.

This is my invincible winning combo. On the contrary, my defeat is decided when the combo is proven useless.

That's all for me, rather than that, for us, spiders, threads and poison fangs are important weapons.

This stupid assailant did not understand it at all.

I, who was the same species as my opponent, predicted the results of the fight that the one who restrain its opponent first will win.

Therefore, what's left was how to restrain the opponent with the threads because this strategy is the core of the fight and yet the result is this mess.

Throwing itself without any measures, are you an idiot? Are you stupid? Do you really want to die? Ah, it's already dead.

Rather how did such a fool manage to survive so far. I'm starting to admire that fool now.

The monsters outside of my home, to be frank, I don't think I can win against those monsters. How did that guy survive so far?

Well, there's no help thinking about it and that guy is dead already.

You should know that what kind of end this dead guy will have in my territory right?

I'm very hungry.

Though it has a disgusting appearance, but I have already throw away my timid mind when I ate the first frog.

Brothers?

So what?

Originally, it's a species that preys on each other.

Therefore, Itadakimasu.

Fuu.

Thank you for the delicious meal.

Though it looks like that, it was more delicious than the frog.

After all, is it that?

Is it because that the frog has both poison and acid?

Well, it was better than the frog even though it's unchanged that this was not delicious because it has poison.

When I was relaxing, I heard a machine-like voice which was the voice of heaven.

《Conditions met. Title 『Gross Feeder』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Gross Feeder』, skill 『Poison Resistance LV1』『Corrosion Resistance LV1』 was acquired》

《『Poison Resistance LV1』 has unified into 『Poison Resistance LV3』》

《Conditions met. Title 『Blood Relative Eater』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Blood Relative Eater』, skill 『Taboo LV1』『Heresy Magic LV1』 was acquired》

What?

Eh, what's this?

Every time I heard the voice of heaven, I would always be surprised but this time, rather than surprised, I was dumbfounded.

What's a title?

Why don't I calm down for now?

When it comes to this, I produce threads to calm down.

I produce threads properly and roll it around and making a white fur ball.

Fuu, I calmed down a little.

Well, title.

Is this that?

The one that I get after achieving a special condition?

Though it might be so, but the ones that I acquired was none other than some disgraceful and grotesque title.

The title 『Gross Feeder』 is just an insult rather than a title!

『Blood Relative Eater』. With those words, it's definitely no good!

Other people can't see this right?

If the level of "Appraisal" is high, it's likely to be seen.

Uwaa.

If it were to be seen, then it's definitely no good.

Well, I'm a monster and I would be dead before my title was seen if I was seen by a human.

But if I ignore the words, isn't it the titles effects are good?

Because I acquired 4 skill from it.

Because I have the "Poison Resistance" from the start and judging form the words of the voice of heaven, did it get added into my skill proficiency?

It's inconvenient that I'm not able to see detailed information at such time.

I want my "Appraisal" level to increase quickly.

Leaving that aside, I'm interested with the remaining 3 skills.

Well, I can somehow understand "Corrosion Resistance".

The skill proficiency might rise if I eat rotten things.

I don't think I would willingly eat it....

The problem is the remaining 2 skills.

Though "Taboo" skill seems to be dangerous but I don't know its effects at all.

To be frank, I can't even imagine it.

Err, explanation please.

There's no use to it if I don't know what's its effect is.

"Heresy Magic" is the same.

I don't know how to use it.

What?

Will it activate if I recite an incantation?

Even if I say that, I can't talk because I'm a spider.

I can only cry kichikichi or perhaps I should say grinding my teeth?

No, even if I can talk, I don't even know the incantation. It doesn't change that it's not usable.

I try to recite "Heresy Magic" is my heart for trial.

...

...

....

Un, nothing happens.

It's useless.

Huh?

I thought that I got the title and skill was a godsend, but the only substantial one was "Corrosion Resistance".

No, well, I think that the "Poison Resistance" was also a gain.

When thinking so, the only useful title was 『Gross Feeder』 right?

『Blood Relative Eater』 does not serve any purpose.

Ah, if the condition to acquire the title 『Blood Relative Eater』 is eating blood relatives then there should be a lot of my brothers who have the same title.

However, only the fool that was eaten by me awhile ago reached here.

That means, there's no much change in battle abilities even if I acquired the title.

It's meaningless if it's useless.

I see.

So there are some reasons for simple conditions.

When the conditions of the title is easy, then its effect is low.

However, knowing that something like title exist is big.

If I can collect titles, then maybe I can collect more skills efficiently.

I should try out various things to check whether I can acquire more titles or not.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before the chapter, try suggesting some names for the monsters below if you have one:

『エルローランダネル』= Elro Randanel

『エルローペカトット』= Elro Pekatot

『フィンジゴアット』= Finjegoath

14 Chapter of reconstruction

A little time passed after the attack from my brother.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill『Spider Thread LV5』 has became 『Spider Thread LV6』》

I played with my threads and its level increase when I was using it for training.

No, I had a hard time leveling it.

Thanks to that, it's pure white in my home now.

My home have changed a lot compare with the original look.

First, the amount of webs has increased.

Before this, the webs were placed in sets at the top and bottom in a remote place from the T-shaped intersection. But now, the webs spreads till the branch road in the passage. I have spread many sets of nets in the passage.

With only a set of web, it would only allow invasion and breakthrough like what happen before.

It should take some time to breakthrough with all these webs.

With this, my home's security has increased.

I decorated the walls because the skill didn't leveled up.

I spread my threads on the wall and I painted it white.

Of course it's not a mere decoration.

This wallpaper thread are linked to the webs, I adjusted it so that when a prey got caught, the threads will separate from the wall and wrap the prey.

This is my boastful trap that I completed after various trial and error.

When I started sticking my wallpaper threads, my skill level went up by 1.

After I finish sticking the wallpaper threads, I set up some extra-thin threads as it was invisible in my home.

I never made this thread adhesive and it snaps immediately after touching it.

It will snap eventually by the air even if I leave it, then it will get absorbed by the wallpaper threads.

I think that the reason why I was able to produce such a thin thread is that my skill level became 5.

The effect of this thread is to search for enemies.

The threads are connected to me and if there's something that touch the thread, I would be able to know what it is.

Because I said that it's inconvenient that I can't look back before, so I thought that I should develop a enemy searching thread.

I decided to set it up in my home because it was not necessary to mind the rear while I'm in my home.

Someday, I hope that it can be operated remotely because I want to search outside of my home.

Well, after doing so much things, as expected, I didn't have anything to do so I save up some threads idly and finally, my skill reached level 6.

Thanks to that, I leave the fur balls as it is due to the fine quality-like silk thread which had an overflowing luxury.

This seems to be able to sell for a good amount of money to a human.

Well, it's not like I know anything about human's textile industry.

By the way, if I released such amount of threads, it's obvious that I am hungry.

Therefore, I have ate all the pitiful prey that was caught in the web.

It seems that the monsters here has poison in their body.

It doesn't die easily even with my poison fangs.

Well, my victory was already decided by the time when my prey is restrained in the web.

Still, I think that it's impossible to fight without threads.

At any rate, even with my poison fangs, it won't be effective unless I need to keep on biting my prey.

For such a long time, it would be ruined by a counterattack if I don't restrain it with my threads.

Thanks to that, my "Poison Fang" has increased to level 4 and "Poison Resistance" has increased to level 5.

I don't know whether it's because of "Poison Resistance" level rose but the bitter taste of monsters with poison has became a habit.

As for the monsters whom I defeated so far were 3『Elro Randanel』, 1『Elro Pekatot』, 1『Elro Basilisk』 and 1『Finjegoath』.

All of them were caught by the web and I restrained it with threads then killed it with my poison fangs.

Elro Randanel was a monster that looks like a small dinosaur. I got flustered because 3 of them came over at once.

Well, I didn't have a hard time because all three of them were caught in the web.

Elro Pekatot was a strange monster with the arms of a monkey and the body of a penguin fused with a pelican.

Finjegoath was a bee-like monster with a huge body that can fill up this passage that was around 3 meters.

Because of that, it's much more easier to get caught in the web.

The most dangerous was Elro Basilisk.

It was a huge lizard-like monster and just as its name, it can use petrifaction attack.

Probably the same as the fairy tale, it was the devil's eye of petrifaction that petrified one of my foreleg.

Because of how slow the petrifaction progression speed was, I somehow managed to defeat it. But it was a terrifying enemy.

After that, until I level up and shed my skin, I have to spend my time with my petrified foreleg.

Though it might be a gain because I was able to acquire the "Petrifaction Resistance" skill, but it was much more dangerous that the first frog.

Ah, I just said it smoothly but I leveled up.

Moreover, it's 3 level.

I'm level 5 now.

The skills that I know that I have were 『Poison Fang LV4』, 『Spider Thread LV6』, 『Appraisal LV2』, 『Taboo LV1』, 『Heresy Magic LV1』, 『Poison Resistance LV5』, 『Acid Resistance LV2』, 『Corrosion Resistance LV1』 and 『Petrifaction Resistance LV1』.

Though my level went up by 3, the skill did not rise to that extent.

"Appraisal" doesn't level at all since LV2.

It seems that the skill proficiency bonus from level up is little.

And it seems that I missed it during my first level up that skill point increases by leveling up.

However, the amount is quite little.

I got excited when I heard the voice of heaven said that I obtained skill points, but after that, I tried acquire some skills but it's no good.

In such a time, I tried to remind about all the possible skills like item box or automatic regeneration, but there was no skills that can be acquired.

In the first place, the voice of heaven won't give me a response even if the skill exist or not.

《Insufficient skill points》

That was the only answer that came back.

Looks like the method to become matchless by acquiring every skill is impossible.

It seems that the skill limitation is more severe than I thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

15 The time I lose my paradise

Today also I spent my day lazily.

Ah, my home is .

The meals come over from there without permission and I can sleep soundly in a dangerous dungeon because the countermeasures has been secured.

Because I spread some soft threads on the firm floor, it feels like sleeping on a bed.

It has became a daily routine that I keep producing threads while relaxing.

Ah, this is happiness.

Thinking about my previous life that I spent my daily life restlessly.

I did not have such awareness, now that I think about it, what do you think of 4 hours sleep?

My life cycle in my previous life was wake up in the morning and go to the school. Once school is over, I go back home and did nothing but playing games. Once my drowsiness reached its limit, then only I sleep.

It was such a life.

Though it's fun playing games, but thinking back now, there was an obligation to play it.

Being a free player while also being one of the top player in the online game, trying to live up to the expectations with pride, I inadvertently think that exceeded my capacity.

Such me, something like living up to everyone's expectations, it stills feels good if it's a joke.

Self-conceit.

I don't mind the eyes of another person.

Though I thought so, but looks like I still have such human sense even though I noticed it after living this life.

Therefore, the real meaning is when I'm living a life where I don't have anything to do, there's a feeling of freedom.

At first, I felt uneasy when think that I can't bear with the all the free time I have but it looks like it was just a needless anxiety.

Though I am surely free because there's neither internet nor game in such environment, but it's not that unbearable.

Looks like my standard of happiness is somewhat lower than normal people.

To put things bluntly, it's already a happiness to be able to live.

I am already happy with the present life that have food and living secured.

I'm happy till I think that I intend to spend my life in here.

Though I don't know how long a spider can live.

But I think that I will have to leave my home someday.

Unexpected situation. Changes in environment. The appearance of a powerful enemy who can breakthrough my web.

I don't know when it is but I think that time will come.

There's nothing that doesn't change.

Therefore, I should prepare when the time comes.

Though I have decided it, it's still too early!

I'm not prepared yet!

In front of my panicking view was one of my home's entrance blaze up.

I was falling asleep and suddenly, flames started to rose.

The home which I put great efforts to build it is currently swallowed up by a sea of flames without being able to resist.

My spider thread which I boasted for its invincibility, is unexpectedly weak against fire.

However, why are there suddenly flames in my home?

I understood the answer immediately.

It's a human.

There was a man in the depths of the fire.

A torch is in his hand.

He must have burnt my home using the fire from the torch.

This is bad.

Though it's hard to see clearly through the fire but I can see the figure of several humans behind the man.

I don't think they set the fire up accidentally.

It's obviously an action that they are cautious of the spiderweb.

Then, they must be aware that in the depths of the web, there's a spider which is me.

If I keep on staying here, I only have 2 choice whether I would die wounded by the fire or I would die being cornered by humans.

Fortunately, the flames have not reached my place yet and if I escape on the opposite side, the humans should not be able to catch up with me.

I look at my home one more time.

I spent most of my time here after I reincarnated.

I put great efforts to build it up.

Having done various discoveries in this place and each time after discovering something, I would be swinging from joy to sorrow.

So far, this was also the place that have protected me all the time.

I might love this place more than my room in my previous life.

I spent such long time in this place.

I began to run.

With the flames at the opposite direction.

I go through the complicated spiderweb skillfully.

The last web.

I can never return to this place once I pass through there.

There's no more security once I pass through there.

Still, I pass through the last web without hesitation.

Though I had the urge to look back, I didn't do so.

Now, I need to escape as far as possible.

Thus, I, have been chased out of my home.

Though it's a sequel, but the adventurers who set my home on fire seemed to discover my large amount of thread balls left in the center afterwards.

Fortunately, the flames did not reached there and they collect it.

It is said that the clothes made with the threads were sold for a large amount of money.

It seemed that the King of some country even purchased it and it became a topic for a certain period of time.

I only know the fact after a very long time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

16 Leaving the nest

Trudging.

My steps are heavy.

The shock was bigger than I thought because I ran at full speed.

I lost my dear home.

Even if I became a spider, my heart will not falter even if I ate strange things.

Ah, the shock was unexpectedly huge when the time comes even though I intended to be prepared when there's a situation where I need to leave my home someday.

I thought that would be a little delay but the damage was huge.

( もう少しくらい猶予があるだろうって思ってたのも、ダメージを大きくしてる。 TL note: not sure about this)

I wanted to keep my home at least until I reached level 10.

Uuu.

Uuuuuu.

Uuuuuuu,Uga!

Yosh, I end my hesitation.

Let's have a change of feeling.

For the time being, let's decide what to do in the future.

There are several choices.

1, Build a new home in another place.

2, Wander around the dungeon.

3, Head towards the dungeon's exit.

This is all I can think of now.

I want to pick choice no.1 when I thought about the security.

But, I intend to reject choice no.1.

My home is wonderful.

The necessities of life are satisfied and there's almost no need to work.

It can be said as that it was an ideal paradise.

But, I would be ruined steadily if I keep slacking in such environment.

Both physically and mentally.

I will become a good-for-nothing spider if I keep on hunting safely in my home and I won't be able to overcome unexpected situation.

I realized it after the human burned my home.

As it stands now, if someone were to breakthrough my spiderweb, I would only have the choice to escape.

It's no use if it's like that.

It would be endless if I'm depressed whenever I run away like this time.

Above all, there's something smoldering within me because my home was destroyed.

It seemed that I'm unable to allow myself to continue escaping

Yes, I'm really frustrated.

My home was destroyed easily, I'm there yet I can't do anything except thinking that escaping is the most obvious choice.

Yes, the one who didn't hesitate to think of escaping was none other than me.

But, how was it after escaping?

The feeling of frustration and how pathetic I am that can tear my body!

Escape once again?

Like I can endure such a thing.

What sets me seething was my home was not just a convenient place but was a place that was important to me.

If I were to say it hackneyed, it was the place where I truly belong.

In my previous life, I don't belong anywhere.

My family relations have collapsed and I didn't grow accustomed to school.

Even in the game, it's just a fiction world.

There's no place where I belong.

Well, I took a defiant attitude that if I don't belong anywhere.

My home, the place build only for me, the place where I belong.

A place only for me without hesitating to anyone.

It was taken away.

It was plundered by an existence which was myself.

I can never be proud of if I hand it over here.

Is it happy just being able to live?

Ha, I was a Peace-loving idiot Japanese.

Living without pride is just like being dead.

I understood it from that matter before.

My home was lost.

My pride was hurt.

I must become stronger so that my pride won't be stained.

Hence, I can't shut myself in a new home and hunt safely.

I must gain experience through combats.

If that's the case, then it's either wandering in the dungeon aimlessly or head towards the exit.

However, both choices look the same.

After all, I don't know where's the exit.

In the end, the only choice left is wandering aimlessly.

In the first place, I hardly know about this dungeon.

I don't know the name of this dungeon even though I was born and raised in this dungeon.

I don't know how large is this dungeon, what's the difficulty in this dungeon and I even don't know about the dungeon's topography.

There are many things I don't know.

Hmm?

I feel that I have worried about things I don't know before this....

Ah!

That's right. The time when I acquired the "Appraisal" skill!

That's right. I have "Appraisal".

It can't level up anymore when I am in my home but now that I am outside of my home, its level can be increase.

If its level rises, it might be useful so I should keep on appraising from now on.

Thus, I start appraising.

『Wall of Labyrinth』『Floor of Labyrinth』『Ceiling of Labyrinth』

It's not useful as usual.

Ah, the skill proficiency should be increasing because the appraisal results displayed one by one whenever I walk.

Ugh, I'm starting to feel sick because of the information flowing in my head.

I need to bear it a little until I get used to it.

When I appraise the large crowd of monsters for the first time, I didn't feel sick that time.

At that time, rather than feeling sick, I think I was dumbfounded by it.

At any rate, I should wander in the dungeon while appraising.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Straight away another chapter

Tell me what to use for this word here:

幼体

I used young body. It's direct translation either young or infant. Hatchling might be better. Just tell me which one you prefer from here or just suggest a new one.

I changed it to hatchling seems that it sounds better and some of you prefer it too.

17 I use a dirty trick fair and square head-on

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV2』 has became 『Appraisal LV3』》

The skill level went up easily.

Not much time had passed since I started appraising.

So it increases this easily if I don't shut myself indoors.

I'm having a complicated feeling.

Well, there's nothing better than the level increasing.

Well, what will it show on level 3?

I appraise myself at once.

『Small Lesser Taratect　LV5　No name』

There's level in it.

Wai. ( わーい )

Haa.

Well, it did add a new information.

But when will this skill be useful?

Muu.

However, I wonder how strong is the Small Lesser Taratect, my species in this dungeon?

Something unexpected occurred when I thought of such a thing.

『Small Lesser Taratect：Hatchling of the Deteriorating Taratect Species』

Wha...What?

Eh, is this the result of my appraisal after appraising my species name?

Double appraisal?

Oh.

Didn't I just discover an important trick?

That means, I have to try appraise things again.

『Taratect：A spider type species of monsters』

It was possible!

Isn't this amazing!?

If I happen to appraise something and an unknown word comes out, I can also appraise the unknown word.

Uha! ( うは！)

The explanation is still short and it doesn't give much information yet but won't it be incredible if I level it up?

I might be able to gain various information from 1 appraisal.

Fuhyoi!

Appraisal-san, I am sorry to say that you are useless!

From here on, I will do my best to level my skill up!

Well, it's good that I keep on appraising, but by now, about 2 problems appeared.

That is I'm hungry and sleepy!

That's what it is.

After escaped at full speed from the surprise attack at my home, I wander in the dungeon so it's obvious that I will get hungry and sleepy.

Though I can still endure with it, but sooner or later, I would need to eat and sleep.

The existence of other monsters became the problem of the two.

To eat, I need to find a monster and defeat it.

On the contrary, I need to prevent being found by a monster when sleeping.

I'm in a dilemma, unable to satisfy both.

Muu.

Well, there's actually a plan to solve both.

I should make a simple home to sleep in it.

With this, I can sleep in peace and I can secure meals if a monster get caught in the trap. Killing two birds with a stone.

But.

Since I have decided that I should fight a while ago, I want to kill my prey by my own hands as much as possible.

When I sleep, I would build a simple home because it's inevitable. But I would like to fight at least once after waking up.

The simple home is not a place for hunting but it's a place to secure a place to sleep.

Well, I would eat without reservation if there's a monster caught in the trap.

For the time being, I will continue to wander around looking for monsters.

It's there.

『Elro Frog LV3』

Ahead of the passage where I hide myself, there was a figure of the fated frog.

That guy turns his back towards my direction.

It has not noticed my existence yet.

Should I launch a surprise attack?

It noticed me when I thought about it.

Tch.

Kishaa!

First of all, I threaten it.

Pe! (Spitting sound)

Owa!?

You, it's no fair suddenly spitting your saliva in a flash!

( ちょっとお前、間髪容れずにいきなり唾液ぶっぱなすこたないでしょうが！TL note: not sure about this)

I barely dodge it!

Pe! Pe! Pe!

Don't spit consecutively!!!

Uwa, uwa, oufu!?

Like I can avoid that many at once!

Pain Pain!

Though it's not that pain compared to the first time because of the resistance, but it's still doesn't change that I'm feeling pain!

Or rather you, I didn't know that you are that energetic if I never restrain you with my threads!?

Pe! Pe! Pe!

Wait wait!

Pigyaa!?

I failed to avoid one again!

This is bad, if this continues, I would get defeated one-sidedly!

Now that it's come to this, there's only suicide attack!

Pe! Pe! Pe!

Like I will receive the same attack after many times!

After being attack that much, I know that you can only spit 3 times!

Don't underestimate the eyes of the gamer called Idaten and my avoiding technique!

I avoid the saliva!

I swing down my claw towards the frog.

Kuu, as expected, it was avoided and it jumped and used its tongue!

Bitan!

Pain!

I was hit by the tongue as if I'm being smash by it.

Furthermore, the tongue had acid on it and it's not just the pain from being nailed but also the pain of acid on my body.

Oou.

This is a serious injury.

If there's a stamina gauge, it would be in the dangerous zone.

If I receive another blow, I might die from it.

But that won't happen.

The outcome has already been decided.

Because I have set up my threads around the place where the frog jumped.

The trick is simple.

I just release my thread on the ground while avoiding the spit attack.

As for me, it looks like I tend to release threads unconsciously on the ground when I'm moving.

I used it for this time.

I increase the adhesiveness of the threads that I had released unconsciously.

After that, I just have to guide the frog to that place.

I adjusted the angle and the speed of my claw attack to make it jump to that place.

But I didn't expect it to counterattack in the air....

The frog which got caught by the thread after landing.

I wind an additional thread without mercy on it.

After that, it's obvious what I'm going to do.

Chomp!

My first battle ended up with a narrow victory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 18

The should be up about 2-3 hours later.

I noticed something in this chapter.

Previously I used Skill Proficiency Level Up Bonus but it seems that I have misunderstood it as a skill like any of her skills. But after translating this chapter I noticed that it should have been Level Up Bonus Skill Proficiency because it should appear in the level up part every time even though this is the second time we see it.

That's why I want to confirm this with raw readers. Does this part appear in each level up?

If you read the raw then please tell me in the comments without spoiling.

18 Complete recovery after staying at the inn is only in game

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Acid Resistance LV2』 has became 『Acid Resistance LV3』》

A skill level went up.

With this, the next time I fight against the frog should be a little easier.

Actually, the possibility of the damage might have exceeded the maximum value if there I don't have resistance against it.

It was dangerous.

My body is already worn-out.

2 spit attacks and an attack with its tongue. With that attacks only, I am on the verge of death.

Especially, the tongue attack was dangerous.

My body dented after receiving the direct hit and a few of my legs broke by the shock.

I didn't lowered my guard.

I expected that the winning rate to be low if I fight head-on without using spiderwebs against other monsters.

Still, somewhere in my heart, thought that "I can somehow manage it".

Honestly, it's unexpectedly tedious.

Anyway, I don't think I can move properly with this injury.

For now, I should make a simple home here and devote myself to heal the injury.

I leave the dead frog there and started to spread my threads.

Kuu.

An intense pain assaulted my body whenever I move.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Pain Resistance LV1』》

Oh?

Is it a new skill?

Un, somehow I can feel the pain is relieving.

Still, it's very painful.

However, this skill seems to quite useful.

I am grateful that the skill level will rise naturally if I continue to survive after this.

Fuu.

Finally, the simple home is completed.

With this, I can finally rest.

If a monster attacks me now, I would definitely die.

Ah.

For the time being, let's eat the prey that I had a hard time killing it.

My first ended up with a narrow victory.

Eh?

The battle with my brother?

Such a thing can't even be called as a battle.

Not counted. ( ノーカンノーカン )

I realized it once again after experiencing my first battle.

I am WEAK! ( TL note: lol, she uses 私Ｙoeeee！)

Un.

I think that the whole Small Lesser Taratect species including me are weak.

Well, at any rate, it's a deteriorating species.

The offensive power is poor and the defensive power is fragile.

Though only the speed was able to reached a certain level but it can't avoid the barrage of spit attacks from the frog.

My basic ability value is even inferior to a lower level frog.

The reason I was able to defeat a monster without having a hard time was because of the spiderweb made by my threads.

This is the outcome if I fight head-on.

I understand well that how I relied on my home.

At any rate, this has become clear to me.

It's impossible for me to initiate a battle from the front.

If I were to fight head-on, it can be said that everything is decided by how I were to restrain my opponent with threads.

Alternatively, there's a measure where I can bite my opponent with my poison fangs but with this poor status, I would be killed before I can bite.

I can confuse my opponent with my speed and strike when there's a opportunity or I can set up a trap like this time and restrain it with my threads.

This seems to be my basic strategy.

Or I can set up a trap in advance and lead it there.

When thinking so, my compatibility with the frog might be bad.

It's a type where it keeps on sniping from long distance one-sidedly.

Because it won't move so much, it won't jump into the trap.

It's a pain that I don't have any long-distance attack.

Though I can shoot threads but the range is short and above all, my opponent might be cautious to my threads.

I want to keep this method as long as possible.

I need to think about the countermeasures for the long-distance attacks as soon as possible.

Haa.

A lot of problems.

I now know my weakness, or rather I'm full of weakness.

However, I can't give in just because of this.

I only need to build a new home if I only need to live on.

(ただ生きるだけなら新しいマイホーム作ればそれで事足りる。TL: not sure about this)

But then, it's no good.

Since I decided to live my life proudly, I cannot cling to escaping here.

But just let me rest for now.

This injury, I wonder how long does it need to reach complete recovery?

Or rather, can it even be cured?

Ah, I am envious of the character in game that can fully recover after sleeping overnight.

Anyway, let's sleep.

Today was a tiring day.

I need to sleep in order to recover.

Thus, good night.

Zzz.

Uun?

Ah, I slept well.

Rather than sleeping, it feels like I fainted.

Ugu, there's still pain in my body.

Well, it's impossible to recover from such injury in one night.

Fuaa.

Adadada! (　あだだだだ！)

When I tried to stretch my body, an intense pain ran through my bent legs.

Kuu, especially my 2 right middle legs were the most painful.

Won't it get torn off if I'm careless?

I became uneasy wondering whether this injury will recover or not.

Chonchon. (ちょんちょん)

Hmm?

There's a vibration from the thread, uwa, a monster got caught by the web of my simple home.

Usually I would wake up as soon as there's a vibration from my threads but it looks like I slept soundly till I didn't notice it.

It's all because of the damage on my body was too huge.

『Elro Basilisk　LV4』

Uwa.

It's the petrifaction lizard.

Another troublesome guy got caught again.

What should I do?

Because this guy has the devil's eye of petrifaction, it can attack if our eyes met.

In addition to this injury, isn't it bad if I receive a petrifaction attack?

But letting go of the monster is just...

Kyoro. ( キョロ )

Ah, our eyes met.

Nge! ( んげ！)

My leg is starting to petrify!

Ah, no!

When it comes to this, it can't be helped already.

Chomp!

The petrifaction speed is considerably slow due to my "Petrifaction Resistance".

But it's bad to be unable to use my unbroken foreleg.

If things don't go well, it might be difficult to move.

Please die while my leg is still functioning!

Kuta. ( クタ )

Wondering whether my prayer reached or not, the basilisk died before my leg fully turns into stone.

Umumu, though I can still walk but this is hard.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree。Individual, Small Lesser Taratect LV5 has became LV6》

Oh?

Oh!

Godly timing!

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus Skill Proficiency acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV4』 has became 『Poison Fang LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Petrifaction Resistance LV1』 has became 『Petrifaction Resistance LV2』》

《Skill point gained》

Okay Okay.

I am happy that 2 skills leveled up.

But there's something much better than it!

I can remove my skin from my body.

It's shedding of skin.

One of the benefits of level up, complete recovery by shedding skin!

I was worried whether my dented body can be cured or not but it looks like it's fully recovered now.

Iyahha! ( イヤッハー！)

Thank you, Basilisk!

And itadakimasu!

Though I didn't recover completely after sleeping overnight, I recovered completely by leveling up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

19 It's not a big deal if it does not hit!

It's a pleasant feeling to recover completely.

Oh dear me, I didn't thought that there was a recovery technique by leveling up.

( いやはや、レベルアップで回復なんて技があったとは TL note: not sure about this)

I completely forgot about it.

But this can't be use that many times right.

I just leveled up a while ago and that means that it would be long way to go before I can level up again.

If I were to bear such a serious injury after each time I fight, my recovery speed won't be able to catch up with it.

Then, I would need to build a simple home there and stay indoors in order to recover....

It's no use if it's like that.

After all, I would return to my original life.

Although I say it, it's just a discussion about what to do.

I don't get stronger suddenly just because my level rose.

If it's my weakness, then I would use my head to find a way to win against it.

To be frank, if I were to launch a suicide attack without thinking, it would be like crossing the Sanzu River. ( TL note: Sanzu River)

Ah, even though I was reincarnated, I don't have the memories where I crossed the Sanzu River.

Is there no other way than this?

Though I don't want to get hurt if possible, but I can't say such luxurious thing.

Rather, there's not even a guarantee whether I can win the fight next time or not.

Even a while ago too, I would die if I made a mistake.

What if the frog didn't plunge itself into the thread as planned?

I don't want to think about it.

Getting through without being hurt in such a last-minute life-or-death state, the hurdle is slightly too high for me.

Un.

No, wait.

Though I assume that I would get hurt every time, but isn't it slightly dangerous?

I receive damage with my paper defense.

Un, it is very bad.

Among the monsters whom I have met, the frog doesn't seem to be so strong.

Though I know its strength after fighting it, but its appearance is just doesn't look strong.

Though it has the color that makes people be cautious with its poison, but it doesn't look strong.

Without poison, if it's only simple physical fighting strength, then there are others that seem to be more stronger than it.

Well, I was driven into critical condition by a single blow from the weak-looking frog.

Won't I get killed 1 hit if it was an attack from someone stronger?

It's possible.

If that happens, it's won't be an injury anymore.

What should I do?

No, there's only one measure.

It's no use even if I have hope in my defense.

I should think that it's death if I received an attack.

That means, I just have to avoid my opponent's attacks!

Isn't it easy?

Ahahaha!

What an impossible game?

In my previous life, the evasive ability I have in the game was the result of repeated practice.

Now I will confess it, I keep dying in the game.

It's the so called learn by dying.

I observe the attack pattern of my opponent with the premise to die and learn through it.

With that as foundation, I could able to control weird character like dodging specialist for the first time.

Therefore, I can't win against the enemy that I have never met before.

My current situation is somewhat similar to the game character.

The game character specialize in speed and also had offensive power increased.

Other status are in their initial value.

It was a worthless character with a paper defense and with no measures against long-distance attacks.

Now, I'm suffering because of this.

In the first place, the reality is way much different from the game.

Because in the game, I only need to use my fingers to move, but in the reality, I need to move my whole body.

Even my view, it's not good if I were to be glued to a game screen.

Above all, there's a feeling of tension that it will end if I die.

Eh, do I not seem to be tense?

Such a thing...Huh?

I don't feel tense.

Huh?

Ah, let's forget about this talk.

Un, anyway, it's different in the game and the reality.

Even in the game, I'm premise to die. Me being an evasive character in the reality is impossible.

Though there's no reason, but there's no good plan either.

Umumu.

In the first place, I have too little cards to play.

Though the thread is useful in many ways, but the poison fangs only had one way to use it.

I believe that the "Appraisal" will become useful if it levels!

Though the resistance skills are useful, my original defense is poor.

What's left are the "Heresy Magic" and "Taboo" with unknown effects.

Heresy magic, it should be possible to use long-distance attacks if it's called as magic but I don't know how to use it.

Ah, I seriously want a tutorial.

If it's possible to acquire it, I should have know at least how to use it.

Magic which only exists in fantasy and I thought I can use it if I imagine it.

I think there should be a simple function like that.

Aaa.

Well, it's no use pleading for something that doesn't exist.

I peek in front stealthily from the rock shade.

『Small Rock Turtle　LV2』

Un.

It's a turtle carrying a rock on its back.

It can be said that it's big, probably has the same size as the Galapagos in the Earth but there was no impact if it's compared with other monsters.

But it has the Small word in its name. Does that mean this guy is a child?

『Small Rock Turtle：Hatchling of Rock Turtle』

Ah, just as expected.

Is that so.

It's a child with that size.

I absolutely don't want to meet its parents.

Well then, let's get moving.

It hasn't noticed me yet.

Then, let's launch a back attack without reserve!

I jump out of the rock and approach at full speed.

I jump at the rock shell and shoot my threads.

Nuo! ( ぬお！)

It was shaken off!

But I succeeded in shooting my threads to it.

The turtle can't move anymore, Iiiiiiii!? ( いぃぃぃぃ！？)

the turtle tore the thread and rushed forward!

Owaa!?

Evacuate, Evacuate!

I avoid it with a side step!

Crash!

With a terrible impact, the turtle plunges into the wall.

Uwa.

I would be crushed flat if I receive that....

It was the first time that my thread got torn.

This is bad?

The turtle turns around to my direction.

It rushes again!

I avoid it!

Crash!

It rushes again!

I avoid it!

Crash!

It rushes again!

It's enough already!

I hook a thread on the foot of the turtle while avoiding its rush.

The turtle stumbles and rolls in the reaction of the rush.

It's lying on the ground upside down.

When it comes to this, it would have a hard time to get up.

Well, I won't give enough time for it to get up.

Chomp!

Though I would die if it hits, but it's not a big deal if it does not hit!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

20 I am a spider, currently behind you

I had a hard time to defeat the turtle.

After having it lying upside down on the ground, I bite it once but it withdraw itself into its shell.

I almost got caught between the shell while biting it.

Having such a feeble strength, it's impossible for me to drag it out of its shell.

Therefore, I put my fangs into the gap of the shell and drip my poison. Then, the turtle came out quickly.

It came out looking like it's in pain and I quickly bite it.

After that, I ate the turtle.

I ate a meal without poison for the first time in my life.

Well, it's hard and was not delicious.

Umu.

This time, it was a flawless victory.

It's because I was able to avoid all of my opponent's attacks.

Or perhaps I should say that the turtle only rushes forward foolishly and it's movement is also slow.

It does not mean that I have learned the secrets of avoiding.

It's just that our compatibility was good.

Un.

But I have a feeling that my speed has increased.

Even if I level up, I don't know how strong my other status are but it's obvious that my speed has become faster than before.

I think I was able to move quite fast compared to the fight against the frog.

Looks like the Taratect species is a monster specialize in speed.

Nevertheless, specialize in evasion is impossible.

Un.

My greatest weapons now are my speed and threads.

Deriving from these two, the most suitable strategy for me is surprise attack!

Eh?

Cowardice?

There's no cowardice in a life-or-death fight!

Besides, it's just a preemptive attack.

That's not cowardice.

Well, the match would probably be decided by the preemptive attack.

Eh?

Shouldn't I suppose to experience combat?

Even this is a legitimate combat!

A great person won't be able to understand it!

Well, even if I say to launch a surprise attack, the probability to succeed is only half.

Even other monsters don't live in such a danger zone for show and it should be sensitive with dangers.

I would gain if the surprise attack succeed.

I will have to make my decisions quickly in the situation if I fail.

The problem is if there's other monsters that can tear my thread like the turtle.

Indeed, to tear my thread which I thought that it's only weak against fire....

My "Spider Thread" skill is on level 6.

Within my skills, it has the highest level.

To be able to tear it, is approximately equal to my defeat.

I was saved because the turtle was compatible.

But it's frightening if I think that other monsters can tear my threads.

At any rate, I put too much confidence on my threads.

I will put it in my head that my threads might be torn in the future.

After that, I didn't encounter any other new monsters except the turtle and I became sleepy.

I went to sleep in my simple home.

The sun rises the next morning even though I don't know whether it's morning or not. Anyway, I woke up.

Well, let's restart my search.

However, this dungeon is really wide.

Though I wander around ever since I got lost in this labyrinth area, there's no sign that I can get away from this labyrinth.

When there's a forked road in the passage, I would always go to the right.

I heard before that "Placing your hands on the labyrinth wall while advancing will help you reach the goal". Advancing with a regularity is easier to remember.

When the time comes, I can follow the thread which I release into the ground unconsciously and return.

Like that, I advance rapidly but there's no sign of the labyrinth's goal.

As usual, the "Appraisal" skill which I had it running, keep repeating the wall of labyrinth and the floor of labyrinth in my head.

Though I don't know the accurate distance I advanced, but it should be at least dozens of kilometers by now.

Ah, I came very far when I thought so.

When I was a human, I would die if I walk such a distance.

And I found my first prey for today.

Umu, it's a monster that I never saw before.

It is a monster with a lot of legs similar to a centipede.

For the time being, I should appraise it.

『Elro Ferect　Failed to appraise its status』

Hmm?

It failed?

Ah, the level doesn't appear.

Hee, the "Appraisal" can fail.

I knew it for the first time.

Well, it doesn't make any difference even if it fails.

Ah, but wait a minute.

It didn't failed because of the our level difference right?

If that's the case, that means that the centipede is much more stronger than me.

Un?

But it doesn't look stronger than me.

Is the failure of the "Appraisal" have nothing to do with our level difference?

If so it's good but what if it's like a wise man keeps some of his talents in reserve?

.....

There's no help even if I am at loss.

Woman is brave.

Let's go!

I approach my opponent's back quickly without making a sound.

Sususususu. (　ススススス。)

Hello, DIE!

The surprise attack succeeded easily.

I'm a bit disappointed that it succeeded too easily.

My opinion on the centipede that I feared of was a misunderstanding.

Without tearing my thread like the turtle, I complete restraining it.

And I finish it with my poison fangs.

The centipede looks unappetizing from its appearance and it was unappetizing as expected.

Moreover, it has a strange poison in it and it made me feel sick after eating it.

Somehow, my body feels a little stiff.

Ah, I never ate anything delicious after being reborn as a spider.

Although I think that it's a luxurious worry, I want to eat something delicious.

Aaah, why don't a cup noodle fall somewhere.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

21 HP MP SP

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV3』 has became 『Appraisal LV4』》

Oh, finally my "Appraisal" leveled up.

Recently, I didn't feel sick from overflowing information. Everything's going well.

Well, let's see what has been added to it?

『Small Lesser Taratect　LV6　No name』

Huh?

No change?

Just when I was thinking about it, there were some lines with color under the species name.

What's this?

『HP Bar』

I appraised the green line unintentionally.

As a result, I know what the line means.

HP, an abbreviation often used in games.

In short, when you run out of HP, you would get a game over. A health gauge.

The gauge appeared in the appraisal result.

I am simply glad.

Up until now, I can only know how many damage I had received through my sense only.

From now on, I can understand my current condition just by looking at the bar.

Now, my HP gauge is approximately full.

It looks like it decreased a little and on the right end of the line, there are some bar color in black.

Umu.

Though I want it to be in numerical form but I should appreciate what I have now.

And there are three different bars under the HP bar.

First of all, let's appraise the blue one under the HP bar.

『MP Bar』

Well, it's as expected.

If there's HP then there's definitely MP.

I think it should be showing the amount of my remaining magic power.

Even if I say that, I can't use magic so it's unrelated to me.

It will probably decrease when I use magic.

Of course, my MP doesn't decrease because I don't use magic.

There are two bars under the MP bar which is a mystery to me.

It's a yellow and red bar. But the two of them sticks together and become a thick bar.

I don't know what this bar shows.

Appraisal.

『SP Bar』

Hmm?

SP?

Skill point?

Hmmm?

Is it necessary to make it as a bar?

No, wait.

Maybe this is not skill point?

Since SP is abbreviated, I don't know which abbreviation is it.

Yosh, I should appraise SP.

『SP：Stamina Point』

Oh?

Ah, as expected, it was not skill point and it was the abbreviation of a different word.

It's confusing!

Fuu.

Stamina.

A physical version of magic power. Does it decrease if I move?

Mmm, hmm?

But why there are two gauges?

Moreover, the upper yellow gauge is full while the red gauge has decrease around one-third.

What are the difference of these two?

For trial, I appraise the stamina point again.

『Stamina Point：Point consumed by movement』

Ah, un.

After all, I don't understand it.

Ah, but won't I understand it soon if I observe it?

If possible, I want to appraise myself continuously because I want to look at my HP constantly.

I try to maintain the appraisal cast on myself.

Hmm, is it like this?

Un.

It looks like it went well.

Now, I can always confirm my HP unless I cancel my "Appraisal" on purpose.

It became quite convenient.

Though it's convenient being able to see my own HP, but won't it be advantageous if I can see my opponent's HP?

By looking at the opponent's HP, I can know how many hits to defeat it and if my opponent is a magic user, it's natural to win if I knew it's MP.

Well, I still haven't meet any monster that can use magic.

But, able to know a part of the opponent's information serves as a huge advantage in a fight.

Did the "Appraisal" skill finally raised the cheat skill flag?

Fufufu.

I intentionally acquired the useless "Appraisal" skill because I had anticipate that this would happen.

It's not that I never knew that it's useless!

Let's pretend that it's like that!

Well, let's pull my self together and explore the dungeon.

Oh, a monster.

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

I withdraw my previous remarks.

It's still useless.

Why does it have to fail in such a crucial place....

Haa, I'm a fool to expect from it.

For the time being, I should do something with the centipede.

Hmm.

But isn't it impossible to launch a surprise attack here?

Although, it haven't noticed me yet but it's heading towards my direction.

Ah, I got a good idea!

I crawl up the wall stealthily.

The body of a spider is convenient for such time.

Without change, I arrive at the ceiling.

Ugh, it's slightly hard to cling on the ceiling upside down.

But I can hold on if I brace myself.

I move along the ceiling stealthily.

Hold on, my leg!

Hmm?

My stamina gauge is decreasing?

Now's not the time for it. I need to concentrate on my strategy.

I arrive right above of the centipede.

Yosh yosh.

That guy haven't notice me who's right above of it.

I attach a thread to the ceiling and descend quietly towards the centipede.

And then I jump at it!

The centipede starts to panic but it's already too late.

I wrapped it with my thread.

And bite it!

Fuhahaha!

This is my so called "Be careful, I'm coming from the top" strategy!

A great success!

Well then, itadakimasu.

Fumu.

I recall about the stamina gauge while eating.

When I was clinging on the ceiling, it was the yellow gauge that decreased.

I decreased slowly when I straddle my leg.

But now, it's fully recovered.

Hmm?

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Paralysis Resistance LV1』》

O, Oh!

Centipede, I didn't know that you have paralysis in your body!

Won't it be dangerous if I failed to defeat it with my surprise attack?

Let's be careful next time.

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Somehow the red line of the stamina gauge is recovering a little.

Thought it should have decreased by around one-third, it's recovering slowly and now, it's around a quarter from full.

Why?

Did I do anything that can recover my stamina?

....Ah, I ate my meal.

Ah!

So it's like that!

I see.

I understood it a little.

In other words, the lower red gauge shows the current whole physical strength.

And the upper yellow gauge decreases when stamina is used instantaneously.

For trial, I try to run at full speed.

The yellow gauge decrease instantly.

I ran out of energy at the same time as the yellow gauge was exhausted.

Zeze. (ゼーゼー) (Gasping sound)

Ah, running at full speed after eating. I'm such an idiot.

My stomach is aching.

This is intense.

However, with this, it's confirmed.

The yellow gauge is the gauge of instantaneous power.

I would lose my breath when it's exhausted.

However, because it's consumed instantaneously, the recovery is fast.

In fact, once my panting stops, the gauge recovers steadily.

And the lower red gauge is my total physical strength.

The red gauge decreased a little when I ran.

It seems dangerous if the red gauge is fully exhausted.

Like I cannot move if it's exhausted.

I don't want to be in such situation.

It would recover if meals or nourishments are supplied and I should always pay attention to the remaining amount of the red gauge.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21.1: Side Story 2 The fourth prince
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S2 The fourth prince

It's warm, like being soaked in lukewarm water.

I can feel security in the warm feeling wrapping myself vaguely.

It ends after a while and I go out through a small hole.

I feel uneasy after losing the warmth but after going out, I can feel of freedom.

It is my oldest memory for now.

「Your Highness, you will catch a cold if you stay here」

The voice of a maid reaches my ear when I'm looking outside from the window.

Now that you say it, it's certainly cold.

The scenery outside is covered in snow.

I was enjoyed looking at the snowy scenery but it seems that I have been standing here for a long time.

It looks like recently, I will forget about the time when I concentrate on something.

「Yes. Let's return」

The maid lifts me up..... and carries me to the bed.

There was a person on the big bed.

It's still a young baby.

The baby is sleeping comfortably.

I gently laid next to the baby.

The crib is a special ordered product that was made so that two babies can sleep in it.

You should be able to understand what am I now.

I am a baby.

Why I, who is a baby can think clearly? It's because I have my memories of my previous life.

I was an ordinary high school student in my previous life.

When I noticed, I became a baby.

It's probably the so-called reincarnation.

A dead man being reborn as a different man.

That means that I died in my previous life.

My last memory of my previous life was attending the Japanese Language class.

At that time, I found a crack in the space above the classroom and from there on, I have no memories of it.

A crack in the space, such a thing doesn't usually happen in the Earth.

That's probably the cause of my death.

And somehow I was reborn with the memories of my previous life.

I cannot say that there's no regrets in my previous life.

It's full of regrets.

I'm still in the middle of my youth and I wanted to play more with my friends. And also I didn't have the chance to get a girlfriend of the same age.

In addition, I think I am undutiful to my parents to die earlier than my grandparents.

I feel depressed when I thought that I would never be able to meet my family anymore.

I am worried about the state of my school after I died.

I remember correctly that the crack exploded.

I died because of that but how are the others?

Kyouya, Kanata, Hasebe-san who sits next to me, everyone, did everyone die together with me?

I become scared when I think so.

It was normal during the morning but now, it's impossible to meet anymore.

After being reincarnated, I continued to fight against the uneasiness crushing me.

Without understanding what's going on, I became a baby when I noticed it. It's obvious that I feel uneasy in this situation.

Moreover, the country where I was reborn is not Japan.

It was not even in Earth.

Here is not Earth but a different world.

I didn't know that at the beginning.

I don't understand the words here and I never went out of the nursery before.

Therefore, there's a lot of things that I don't know.

At first, I thought that it was a country in Europe.

But the moment I saw magic, I knew I'm not in Earth.

There's magic in this world.

The first time I saw magic was when the time where the great person of the church gave me something called blessing.

Sparkling light surrounded me and I can feel that my body was full of power.

It was neither an imagination nor a trick.

I realized there was magic after experiencing it.

At first, I was excited at the fact that magic exists.

But later, I became uneasy again.

In a world with magic, can I do well in this world?

I was really just an ordinary man in my previous life.

When I was in Japan, there's no inconveniences in my life.

But in this world, I not allowed to be ordinary.

Can I live up to expectations?

I become uneasy.

I learned the words desperately.

It's more terrifying than I imagined that I don't understand the words here.

I don't understand what the other party says.

I didn't think that I felt so helpless.

It's like I'm the only one in the world being isolated.

I'm uneasy because I was reincarnated in a different world.

I'm uneasy because I don't understand the words.

I'm uneasy because I don't know whether I can do well or not in the future.

I, who was uneasy in everything was saved by my younger sister who's sleeping peacefully next to me.

This small younger sister who was born of a different mother did not held any uneasiness.

She looks carefree as if the world doesn't have anything uneasy.

Well, it's natural because it's a baby.

A frail existence that depends on the world and leaving all to the others.

Originally, a baby is such an existence.

I feel this uneasy is because I have the memories of my previous life.

And I realized.

Because I have the memories of my previous life, I should at least be mentally stronger than my younger sister.

And yet, why am I troubled with my worries when my younger sister next to me look so peaceful.

I am the older brother of this child.

How can an older brother show a miserable appearance to the younger sister.

As an older brother, I need to show a cool appearance to my younger sister.

It's just a mere vanity. ( ただの見栄といえばそれまで。TL note: not sure about this)

However, after that, I stopped worrying.

Though the uneasiness has not disappear yet.

But I want to at least protect this powerless younger sister.

I learned words and I get to know about this world from the voices little by little.

I moved my body of a baby forcefully so that I can move as soon as possible.

Thanks to that, I was able to crawl earlier than normal babies.

Like this, I mustered my motivation from the appearance of my younger sister.

In order to become an older brother that my younger sister can be proud of it.

It was the starting point of the Fourth Prince of Anareich Kingdom, Shurein Zagan Anareich.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

22 Spider thread experiments

The labyrinth exploration is going well.

It goes too well until I might laugh loudly.

It looks like this area is the territory of the centipedes.

The centipedes are useful to gain experience from them..

Their senses are too dull and they can't stop my surprise attack.

The victory is already decided if I take its rear or its top.

Thanks to that, I can defeat it easily.

After defeating a number of centipedes, my level rose to 7.

Unfortunately, there are no skills that leveled up through the bonus point. The "Paralysis Resistance" skill level rose to 2 because I keep on eating centipedes.

I can accumulate experience points here easily and the usable skill "Paralysis Resistance" also gained a level.

It was good as a hunting ground.

Of course, I didn't take things easily.

I gained experience through the combat for my objective and I had increase the variations of my surprise attacks.

One the weakness of my thread is that I can only release it from my bottom.

So I must turn my bottom towards my opponent when I want to restrain it.

As for the pose, I stand with my two hind legs and stick out my bottom.

Because of the chance of the opponent to strike back is big, the method I used was either to release my thread when I'm glued to my opponent or jump up into the air and launch an aerial bombing of threads.

However, these methods are considerably dangerous.

In the property of the thread, my victory is decided if I succeed.

But the backlash when I failed is huge.

It would be difficult to avoid my opponent's attack if I'm glued to it.

I might get shot down if I jump into the air like how my brother did before.

It's slightly different from the word "High risk, high return".

Well, that's why I developed some methods to use my threads safely.

It's a new weapon called the portable web!

In short, I make a small web and hold it with my forelegs.

The advantage of this small web is that it get rid of my chance of being counterattacked.

Because I only need to charge forward while holding it.

Well, compared to my unreasonable posture when I release my thread until now, it's considerably easier.

On the contrary, it's flaw is that I can't use my two forelegs when I'm holding it.

Because I have another six legs, it gets off with a little feeling of inconvenience.

Other than that, I need to make this web beforehand.

Well, it's would be an instant for me to make such a web as I am already a professional web craftsman even though it's self-proclaimed.

The completion of a wonderful weapon with low risk and high return.

I tried making various weapons but all ended up as failure.

As the side who launches surprise attacks, I wanted some safety measures against surprise attacks.

Therefore, I was going to develop the enemy searching thread which I thought about for a long time.

This is an invisible thin thread released into the air from my bottom and I can sense the approaching enemy from the information obtained from the thread.

It's different from the time I set it up in my home which I have it hanging loosely. There's too much problems to set it up.

It was disastrous, if I were to leave the thread alone, it would get tangled with other threads and get caught in the wall.

Moreover, it's inevitable that I would get distracted if I can obtain every single information.

Even if I try to concentrate so that it won't happen, I would put all my consciousness in it and I won't be aware of my surroundings.

At this point, I gave up on the implementation of the enemy searching thread.

Next, I thought of raising my poor defense so I tried making defense clothes with the threads.

Well, if I were to say it from the results then it was not good.

Though it's possible to make clothes, but it was extremely hard to wear it.

In the first place, I'm a spider.

I don't have dexterous hands like humans and I have a complicated body structure. So I can't wear clothes no matter how much effort I put on it.

Then, how about wrapping my body with threads?

This is also rejected.

Though I can wrap myself with threads but there's a possibility that it might obstruct my movement if I wrap myself half-baked.

I can't afford to cut down my speed which is one of my characteristic for such a reason.

Therefore, it's necessary to wrap myself properly but it's not possible to wrap myself until I'm consent because of the same reason a while ago.

In addition, even if I was able to wear it, there's no meaning to it if I can't take it off.

At any rate, my figure changes each time I eat.

If I were to expand like a ball while wearing clothes, isn't it painful if it happens?

Though I have another method if I can borrow someone's hands, but it's impossible with my legs and my body that can't even look back.

This was also abandoned.

Umu.

When thinking like this, the spider's body also has its own merits and demerits.

Though I can jump, leap and stick on the wall, but not having a hand is really a bottleneck.

I thought seriously that the human's hand was really convenient.

By the way, the skill level of the "Spider Thread" didn't rise even though I experimented this much.

As expected, the necessary skill proficiency increases with the skill level.

Well, unlike the time I shut myself in my home, I don't want to use my threads wastefully as much as possible.

Unlike my safe home, anything can happen in the outside so I want to maintain a perfect state as much as possible.

The reason I was able to experiment my threads after a long time was because there's a food called centipede around here.

Though there were many failures in this experiment, there were things that I gained too.

If there's an opportunity, I should do some trial and error in the future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

23 I'm sorry that I got carried away. Please forgive me!

Even today, I work hard in hunting the centipedes.

Geez.

It sure is a centipede paradise!

Though their appearance are disgusting, but if I were to ignore that part, it's possibly the best prey.

Well, I don't have such a delicate way of thinking and now, I am quite fond with the centipede.

Centipede is the BEST!

My "Paralysis Resistance" went up to level 3 already. Will I level up soon?

Good grief, a variety of centipedes.

A while ago, I attacked 2 centipedes boldly at the same time and I was able to win comparatively easily.

The first one was restrained by a surprise attack and I fought seriously against the second one.

After fighting normally, I understood that the centipede is unexpectedly fast.

Well, not as fast as me though.

In addition, it looks like the centipede only has one way to attack which is biting.

Probably I would be paralyze if I were bitten but it's not a big deal if it doesn't hits.

If I am cautious to the bite then it's easy afterwards.

It's the first time I saw a monster weaker than my species.

That's why I won't lose to the centipede even if I launch a surprise attack or I fight it head-on.

Fuhyahahaha!

I am really strong.

My laughter can't stop.

And also it's good that the centipede can be eaten easily.

Though it looks like it has some volume in it, but when I eat, it doesn't have that much meat in it.

A centipede can satisfy hunger but it's not enough to reach full.

Therefore, I can eat all of them even if I overhunt it.

For me who have a frugal mind, leaving behind is a crime that can't be forgiven.

Therefore, it's very good that I can finish eating all of them.

This is exactly perfect. ( いたれりつくせりとはまさにこのこと。TL note: not entirely sure about this)

It's like the centipedes are born to be hunted by me!

Uehehehe.

After leaving my home, up until now I have taken quite a lot of risk, so there won't be any retributions even if I have some fun once in a while right?

I explore the dungeon while humming.

Well, I just play the music in my head only and it's not like I can hum.

Rather, I wonder where's my nose?

Well, I don't mind it.

Oh?

The path breaks here?

But it looks like it's not a dead end.

Though this labyrinth is unexpectedly huge but there's no dead end.

Up until now, the path I advance always continues and there's no blind alley here

Though it's good that I won't get cornered when I'm running, but when I think about that the path continues on like this, it makes me sigh.

Perhaps this dungeon is the underground of this world, is what I might think.

Though I don't want to think like that, but I have never gone out of this dungeon before so I haven't seen the scenery outside.

That opinion may be possible too.

If something bad happens, my life might end in this dungeon even if there's the outside world.

I want to accomplish my lifespan if that time comes but before that, the possibility of my death is much more higher.

In the first place, how long is my lifespan?

Thinking from my size, can I live as long as a dog?

If possible, I want to have a longer lifespan than my previous life.

Well, let's put away such useless thoughts.

Apparently, the broken path in front of me has became something like a cliff.

A large space can be seen in the depths of the broken path.

Does this mean that I can finally get out from this narrow labyrinth zone?

Then, what kind of place will it be next?

If possible, I want to refrain from places with high degree of difficulty like the huge passage zone where I was born.

I would like to avoid from cannibalism, the huge spider and a large crowd of monsters.

I would still die no matter how many lives I have.

Well then, what will happen after this?

I stand at the edge of the cliff and try to look at the bottom.

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Ferect　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』 × a lot.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV4』 has became 『Appraisal LV5』》

Ugue! (　うぐえ！)

My head is aching!

The information of the "Appraisal" flowed into my head and a shock hit my head hard.

Uoa (うおあ), I almost lost my consciousness.

That was close.

I see, if I appraise to many things at once, I would get an headache because of the overflowing information.

It's considerable that I almost lost consciousness.

......., The volume of information that can make me lose my consciousness?

I look below the cliff once again.

Even if it's a cliff, it's only around 1 meter.

The extensive space spreads out.

Though it was suppose to be a huge space but it didn't give out such feeling.

The space was full of centipedes.

Houa!? (　ほうあ！？)

What's this!? What's this!? What's this!?

As far as I can see, it's all centipedes!

Uwa, as expected, I'm starting to feel sick.

Not disgusting but it makes me feel sick.

Arere? (　あれれ？)

What are you guys looking at?

Me?

In my personal opinion, I don't think I look delicious.

......

Let's escape.

Now, I will become the wind!

I turned around and run.

Gasagasagasagasagagasagasagasa!!! (　ガサガサガサガサガサガガサガサガサ！！！)

Hiiiiii!? (　ひいぃぃぃぃ！？)

They came chasing me!?

I'm sorry that I got carried away!

Therefore, please forgive me!

The yellow stamina gauge runs out.

Ugu, this is tiring.

But I would die if I stop now!

For the sake of living, I must do my best in running!

The red gauge begins to decrease slowly instead of the yellow gauge.

In the end, I continued running until my red gauge reaches its half and I was able to lose the centipede army.

Ah, I thought I was gonna die.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

24 Weak

Haa.

Centipedes are scary.

Seriously, what was that?

I felt the terror of the violence of numbers.

Ah, I'm tired.

My legs are trembling probably because of the yellow gauge which shows instantaneous power is exhausted

Let's take a rest for now.

I look back towards the rear once again to confirm whether the centipede army is still chasing me or not.

Yosh, nothing's there.

I set up my thread and make a simple home.

I felt relieved when the defensive walls of the webs completed but at the same time, my body loses its strength.

Ah, this would likely be my trauma.

Even if one of them is weak, it will be a threat if there's so many of them.

There's nothing I can do if I were to be attacked in waves with that many centipedes.

Moreover, they have paralysis attacks.

I will become the prey of paralysis once bitten.

Then, I just need to wait for my whole body to be crunched.

It's terrifying to think about it.

I should have think about the reason why there are so many centipedes in that area.

No, rather than thinking about the reason that there are many centipedes, shouldn't it be better to think about why there are no other monsters in that area?

At any rate, the centipede is weak when it's alone.

It's strange that there are no other predators when there's such a delicious food.

Though it's possible to say that they hesitated to eat it because of the paralysis but in this dungeon that is overflowed with poison attribute monsters, the possibility is low.

It should be either the monsters knew that there's a swarm of centipedes or the monsters stepped in without knowing and became a prey for the centipedes.

I barely escaped even with my speed. Therefore, it's difficult for other monster to run away from it.

Being caught up when trying to escape and being bitten by it, being surrounded by a swarm of centipedes while in paralyzed state....

It's terrifying.

Even a weak monster has its own measures.

If I look at my battle ability, I can say that I'm weak but if I were to make a web and place my traps, I can even win against stronger monsters.

I shouldn't relax my guard just because it's weak.

I should think that I learned my lesson this time.

Somehow I manage to survive and it's a fact that I did have a good time with the centipede.

Thanks to that, I was able to level quite easily.

Ah, I recalled it.

Come to think of it, my "Appraisal" leveled up because I appraised the centipede army.

Is it a fluke?

For the time being, I should cancel the "Appraisal" on myself and reappraise myself.

I didn't have the time to confirm it when I was being chased by the centipedes.

『Small Lesser Taratect　LV7　No name

Status:　Weak』

What's this 「Status: Weak」!?

It's too rough!

Besides, no, I knew I was weak.

Can't you be a little more indirect?

(もうちょっとオブラートに包むことはできんのかって話よ。TL note: I don't know this part)

The results of my "Appraisal" show that I'm weak. So that means it's proven that I'm weak based on the world's standard.

Haa.

I'm losing my strength.

No, a while ago, I thought that I shouldn't be careless against a weak opponent.

I have this thread.

Even if this body is weak, as long as I have this thread, the word "defeat" doesn't exist.

Actually, looking generally, I don't think I can be said as weak.

Though there's prejudice, but isn't it that I'm the type who is strong when my opponent got caught?

Trap made with "Spider Thread", A victory by surprise attack and "Poison Fang" on the opponent who can't move.

Un.

I'm considerably nasty.

When this becomes a head-on fight, it's interesting because I'll go straight to being weak.

( これが真正面から正々堂々ってなると、一気に弱体化するんだからおもしろい。)

The point is how long I can fight in my field.

I should only force my strength without allowing my opponent to hold the pace.

Well, there won't be any hardships if I can do it anytime.

Haa, I'm tired. Let's sleep.

I woke up.

But I'm still tired.

Despite that, I woke up suddenly.

I wonder what's this feeling?

I don't understand it well but it's a dangerous feeling.

I get up quickly and add more threads to the simple home.

Then, I noticed the identity of the dangerous feeling.

『Elro Baradrad　LV9　Failed to appraise its status』(エルローバラドラード)

It was a huge snake.

The thickness of its body seems to be able to swallow up a human and its length seems to be more than 10 meters too.

It's obviously strong.

Furthermore, it's LV9.

It's my first time to meet a monster who has a higher level than me.

Up until now, the highest level I have seen was level 4.

And now, it jumps up at a stretch to 9.

It's obviously a high rank monster.

It also has a higher level.

There's no chance to win if I fight directly.

My cold sweat in my heart won't stop.

I stay still like a frog glared by a snake, no, I mean a spider.

( 蛇に睨まれた蛙、じゃなくて蜘蛛。)

I somehow manage to move my body which became hard because of the tension.

I retreat slowly and take distance from the snake.

The snake didn't allow me to do that.

It plunges itself forward disregarding the webs around!

Naturally, its body got caught in the web.

However, the snake writhes and forcibly tear the thread!

I turn around and escape at top speed.

When I escaped through the escape hatch to the outside, the snake broke through the first web and charged towards the web that I just pass through at almost the same time.

(網の脱出口から簡易ホームの外側に逃げるのと、蛇が一つ目の網を突破して、今しがた私が抜けた網に突撃するのはほぼ同時だった)

My instinct tells me to escape.

But I didn't escape.

I saw it.

The snake is entangled in the web.

Though it can tear the threads, but it can't remove the threads completely.

Now, the snake's body is entangled by the webs that's in good condition and the webs that sticks to it when it broke through forcibly.

Good!

This is my field.

I cling to the writhing snake's body.

I bite it immediately while releasing additional threads from my bottom.

I somehow manage to penetrate its hard scales with my fangs. And I drive my "Poison Fang" into its body!

The snake moves intensely because of the poison driven into its body.

It struggles intensely even though I have restrained it.

Though my body has been thrown to the ground and the wall many times, I continued to cling on it with spirit and guts.

The yellow stamina gauge decreases.

Whenever my body is thrown, the green health gauge decreases.

In addition to it, the red gauge decrease whenever I release a thread.

If my red gauge is exhausted, then I probably can't release threads anymore.

If it becomes like that, then it's a matter of time that the restraint will be torn.

Before that, I need to defeat this snake.

I continued biting and continued releasing threads.

The resistance of the snake gradually weakens.

When my yellow gauge has already been exhausted and my red gauge was under 10%, the snake finally stopped moving.

Just because I'm weak, it became like this because you relaxed your guard against me!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 25

I make one part easier to understand in the level up screen which is Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency so that it shows that she gain skill proficiency by leveling.

Also not to forget this skill:

視覚領域拡張

I used Vision Range Expansion. Any better one, just suggest in the comments.

25 Delicious snake

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Lesser Taratect LV7 has became LV8》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Resistance LV1』 has became 『Pain Resistance LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Lesser Taratect LV8 has became LV9》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV5』 has became 『Poison Fang LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Night Vision LV9』 has became 『Night Vision LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Vision Range Expansion LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Night Vision LV10』》

《Skill points gained》

A lot of of stuff leveled up.

It looks like it's common to gain a lot of experience points if I defeat an opponent stronger than myself no matter which world is it.

I went up by 2 levels in one go.

Certainly, the snake was a powerful enemy.

The possibility for me to win in a direct fight is zero.

Strong body.

The defense covered with hard scale.

Guessing from the time it charges to my webs, its speed should be considerably high.

It might be faster than me.

In addition, speaking of snake, it's poison.

(それに、蛇といえば毒。TL note: not sure how to translate it)

This guy probably has poison in it too.

To be frank, the probability to win even after restraining it in the web was still 50-50.

Though my wounds were cured after leveling up, but my physical strength has been decreased to the point where it's considerably critical.

My stamina was also the same and it was considerably dangerous.

The return was even bigger than that.

When I overhunted the centipedes, I thought that I would get to level 8 soon. But I never expect that my level went up to 9 in one go.

Though I'm happy that I leveled up, but it's also big that the level of the skills rose.

There's no loss that the "Pain Resistance" leveled up and the "Poison Fang" is one of my trump cards along with the "Spider Thread".

If the level of my "Poison Fang" rises, my offensive power will also increase.

Or perhaps I should say that the "Poison Fang" is the only weapon for the current me.

If there's an opponent with high poison resistance, then it's bad.

Next is the one caught my eyes in this level up, "Night Vision".

Un.

Now that you mention it, it's not strange that I have it.

Needless to say, there's no light in this dungeon.

There's nothing here that can become a source of light and it's pitch-black in here.

But I can see the surroundings clearly.

It's a little surprising that this was contributed by the skill.

I certainly thought that it was a species characteristic.

Because of "Night Vision" leveled up, there's changes in my vision.

From dim to bright.

I can see the surroundings clearly.

Apparently, 10 is the highest skill level.

Otherwise, I can't explain about this brightness.

Well, it's possible that only "Night Vision" has 10 levels as its limit.

I don't know whether it's a bonus from the "Night Vision" that has reached level 10 or not, but I obtained a skill called "Vision Range Expansion".

To be frank, I don't know its effect even though it's good.

I thought that it widens my field of vision according to the name but it doesn't seems to be it.

Up until now, there's a lot of skills that I don't know its effect from its name. This is also one of them.

Such time, I should just appraise my skill but I can't.

I can only appraise "Visible things" is the condition to use the "Appraisal".

All the skills are things which the voice of heaven tells you........

I can't appraise it because it's invisible.

It seems that the "Appraisal" result written in my head is judged as visible.

If the level of my "Appraisal" rises, the skills might show up in the status. Then, I might be able to appraise my skill.

I have no choice but to leave it till then.

Now then, let's eat this big thing that I killed it with much efforts.

For the time being, in the middle of eating, I should rebuild the simple home so that I won't get attacked by other monsters.

When thinking of the snake's large build, it's impossible to finish eating it once. So I think I should settle down here until I finish eating the snake.

So I build the simple home carefully.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Spider Thread LV6』 has became 『Spider Thread LV7』》

Good things seem to happen over and over again.

The "Spider Thread" that didn't level easily was able to level up.

Is it because that I keep using it while fighting the snake?

At any rate, my main skills which are the "Poison Fang" and "Spider Thread" have leveled up.

Honestly, the skill level up increases my combat ability more than the basic ability rise in the level up.

I decide to eat my meal in a good mood.

However, I need to remove this guy's scale first.

Even I can't eat such a hard scale.

It's necessary to remove the scales in order to eat it.

I removed the scales!

Ah, I'm tired.

It was more tiring than expected.

It took some time because it was hard and it's difficult to peel it off.

The red gauge of the total stamina that was restored by level up has decrease by a quarter.

It was a heavy labor.

However, with this, I can finally eat without reserve!

Thus, itadakimasu.

Uwa, it's bitter.

It's very bitter.

Bitter is the taste of poison right?

With such bitterness, what a strong poison this guy have.

It might be dangerous if I were bitten.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Resistance LV5』 has became 『Poison Resistance LV6』》

Un.

Though the taste is bad, it's very delicious for a skill.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

26 De-hikki plan

Several days have passed since I defeated the snake.

But I don't know the accurate amount of days passed because I'm in the dungeon.

In the meantime, I'm living idly.

I can't seem to finish eating the snake and because of the new food get caught in the web, it's impossible to move from here.

At first, I thought that this a vacation, but this might be bad.

At this rate, I will return back to become a Hikki. (TL note: Hikikomori/shut-in)

I took a glance at the mountain of preys that I killed in these past several days.

Mountain. Yes, it's a mountain.

It's not Yamada. (TL note: In the previous sentence, she used 山だ and now she uses 山田. Basically, a pun)

That reminds me of the Yamada-kun in the class of my previous life.

No, now, it's just something trivial.

Anyway, the preys are stacking up and becomes a mountain at that place.

It became like this because I killed all the monsters that got caught in the web.

When I was in my home, I ate it as soon as I caught it. But I don't want to set my hands on another prey until I finish eating the snake so I decided to keep it for the time being. And so it became like this.

I was able to killed it easily because there was no monsters like the snake.

Among them, there was a level 6 monster and there's a considerably strong monster too but they are now part of the mountain.

Well, it may not be strong even if it's level is high.

My level is 9.

I'm equal with the snake in level.

But, the snake is overwhelmingly stronger than me in battle ability.

On the contrary, I'm confident that I can't win against a lower level monster without using my threads.

In my opinion, I think that the most important thing in measuring one's strength is the type of the species.

Even in the same level, if the opponent is a higher ranked species, there may not be any chance to win.

The only time where superiority and inferiority is decided by levels is when the opponent is from the same species.

The one I know is probably the huge spider that should be the strongest. Supposing the huge spider is level 1, there's no way I can win against it.

Against such large build, I would die easily no matter how hard I try even if it's level 1.

It's better to think that the difference in level as a reference.

When thinking so, there's a gap more than the level difference between the snake and me.

Actually, I manage to win because I happen to build my simple home but if I were to encounter it without preparations, there's no way I can win.

It can be said that I'm considerably lucky.

As for the snake now, about three-quarter has disappear into my stomach.

Should I think that I have ate three-quarter of the large build? or should I think that there's still a quarter remaining?

There's still the corpse of the monsters which piled up like a mountain, so I should say that there's still a quarter remaining.

With this much stored, it might start to rot before I eat it.

Well, I don't think I would have a stomach ache even if I ate rotten things because I have "Corrosion Resistance".

I rather prefer it to be slightly rotten because it might raise my skill level.

The taste?

I can endure eating it now because I have ate the poison monsters that taste bad continuously.

Umu.

It looks like it's impossible to move until I finish digesting all these foods.

As long as I can finish eating the snake, I can somehow reduce the number of food because there's no large monster among it.

Or perhaps I should say that I would really return back to a Hikki if I don't finish eating.

I thought that here was only a simple home and yet this is becoming the same as the previous home due to the duration of my stay increased.

Hmm?

Wait?

Isn't it because the home became excellent since it caught a lot of preys excessively?

Hmmm?

Nono.

Still, even a monster won't try to attack my solid home.

In my previous home, I use threads that's hard to see as much as possible because it's solely for catching preys. But now, in this simple home, I never set up such threads because this home is acting as a defense.

When I'm thinking about it, a vibration is transmitted from the thread.

It looks like something got caught in the web.

Oufu.

Food will increase again.

I didn't imagine that I would be troubled with such gluttony.

For the time being, I head towards my prey.

It's struggling with quite a strong power, is it a big one?

If it becomes so, then my withdrawal period will get longer again.

If possible I would prefer a small one but it's just a luxurious worry.

『Elro Randanel　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

3 monsters were caught in the web.

Ah, it's the three guys that I caught before in my previous home.

Are these three monsters one set?

However, the quantity might be bigger than catching a big one.

I mean the quantity of meat.

For the time being, I strengthen the restraint by adding threads and I carry all three of them with a web.

Removing this web is the new technique I learned after coming here.

It's convenient because I don't need to separate a part of the web one by one.

I set up a new web and head back to the center of the home carrying the monsters.

Ugh, as expected, it's heavy when there's 3 of them.

I should have carry it one by one without being reluctant to do it.

Dossei! ( どっせい！)

Ah, it was heavy.

My body started to feel pain.

Even my HP decreases plainly.

I will have them compensate for this anger.

Though it's considerably unreasonable, I don't care about it.

Thus, Chomp, Chomp, Chomp!

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Lesser Taratect LV9 has became LV10》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Individual, Small Lesser Taratect can evolve》

.... What?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

27 I'm going to evolve!

Something unexpected was told along with the level up.

You mean evolve?

In other words, is it that?

Is it something like the game where you raise a pocket monster? (TL note: Pokemon!!!)

《There are multiple choices of evolution. Please choose from the following.

Lesser Taratect

Small Taratect》

O, Ou.

Err, wait a minute.

Just a moment. ( ジャストアモーメント。)

Let's think carefully.

This is an important turning point of life.

Not a human life but a spider life.

Anyway, I can't carelessly choose these.

I'll evolve.

Well, that's good.

It's not strange that such thing exist in this game-like world.

It would be endless if I start to retort about it.

Well, since it's called as evolution, it should be a power up.

If I could evolve, it's obviously better to do it, maybe.

Un.

There are some things that are better if it didn't evolve though it's just a game knowledge.

Well, I think that evolving is better because such a type is minor.

The problem is that I have 2 kinds of evolution.

Lesser Taratect and Small Taratect.

It doesn't seem to differ much just by hearing the names.

The only difference is Lesser or Small.

Ah, it would be nice if I can use my "Appraisal" on the voice of heaven.

Then, I can understand the difference clearly.

Hmmm.

Well, generally, can you imagine it?

I think I would probably change into adult form if it's Lesser Taratect.

The word "Small" disappeared from the name.

On the contrary, for the Small Taratect, will I become a higher rank species from the deteriorating species because the word "Lesser" disappeared?

However, the word "Small" remains means that I would remain as a hatchling.

Perhaps, I can depend on this recognition.

When thinking so, I have decided on which I should choose.

The only option is Small Taratect.

It's not too good even if I evolve as a deteriorating species. ( 劣化種のまま進化してもあんまりいいことなさそう。 TL note : not sure about this)

In addition, if it's Small Taratect, then doesn't that means that there's one more stage of evolution left?

Removing the "Small" and evolve into a Taratect.

I don't know how much change will occur by evolving but at least, it's certain that I would get stronger after evolving.

Then, it's obvious to pick the choice that can evolve a number of times.

By any chance, the Lesser Taratect might be able to evolve but it's impossible to bring myself to choose it by wishful thinking.

In addition, if I chose Lesser Taratect, it's scary that I don't know how big I would become.

Becoming an adult form probably increases my body size.

Though I think that I probably won't get bigger suddenly after evolve but I can't say that it's not possible.

This is a fantasy world, it's scary that I can't cut the possibility of a development like "I'll evolve, Poof, I became big!"

While the possibility exists, I can't choose it easily.

Surely, I don't think I would become as big as the huge spider but I would be troubled if my body enlarge into the size where I can't fit in this passage now.

Though there was a monster called Finjegoath that I saw before, this monster has a large build that can fill up this 3 meters square passage.

In such a state, moving should be hard.

I think that probably those monsters originally inhabit in a wider place and that individual accidentally lost its way into the narrow passage.

When thinking so, it's possible that I can't move with a large build.

Then, it's better that the size remains the same.

That's one of the reasons to choose Small Taratect.

Un.

I decided it.

I'll evolve into Small Taratect!

《Individual Small Lesser Taratect evolves into SmallTaratect》

Ah, yes.

Evolution sure starts abruptly.

Though the voice of heaven is always abrupt, I want it to mind my emotions a little more.

Even when I'm evolving with,,much,,,eff,,orts,,,,.

《Evolution completed》

《Became the Small Taratect species》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV1』 has became 『Taboo LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Magic LV1』 has became 『Heresy Magic LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Corrosion Resistance LV1』 has became 『Corrosion Resistance LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Idaten LV1』 has became 『Idaten LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

Uo!?

Eh? Eh?

I, when did I sleep?

No, my consciousness fades away suddenly and feels like snapping off?

Isn't this the effect of the evolution?

Hey, voice of heaven-san, you should say it beforehand that I would lose consciousness when evolving!

Uun?

Did the evolution ended?

It doesn't seem that there are any changes in my appearance.

Ah, the "Appraisal" has been canceled.

Yosh, I appraise myself to confirm my current condition.

『Small Taratect　LV1　No name

Status:　Weak』

Oh! Oo,Oh?

Hmmmm?

It looks like the evolution succeeded because the species name has changed.

However, LV1?

Is it the one where level falls after evolving?

Err, don't tell me that my status also experience a decrease?

I can't judge it because the status still shows that I'm weak.

I mean I'm still weak.... ( ていうか弱いままなのか…。TL note: not too sure how to translate it)

Leaving that aside, there's something that's bothering me which is the red total stamina gauge is almost empty.

So that's why my body feel so heavy since a while ago and I'm very hungry.

Probably because of energy was used in evolution. Luckily, I have stored up a lot of preys.

It looks like the evolution somehow succeeded but this is dangerous if I do it simply.

I would lose consciousness and get hungry.

In case there's a next one, it would be bad if I don't prepare beforehand.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

28 Eat eat eat

I eat earnestly in order to recover the stamina that became empty after evolving.

First is the remaining part of the snake.

The remainder of the snake which I had a hard time to finish eating it is now inside my stomach.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Resistance LV6』 has become 『Poison Resistance LV7』》

The "Poison Resistance" skill leveled up right after I finish eating the snake.

Thanks to this snake, my "Poison Resistance" went up by 2 levels.

Delicious.

Before I evolved, if I ate this much, my stomach would have bulged like a balloon but now, I wonder whether the food that I eat disappear in a different space or not because my stomach doesn't bulge.

It's really like whatever I ate seems to disappear.

On the contrary, the red total stamina gauge is recovering rapidly.

Un.

After coming to this world, I have encountered a lot of mysterious phenomenon but it seems that my current stomach is the most mysterious one.

What's going on in my stomach?

( どうなってんだこれ？TL note: not sure about this)

Well, there's no help for it even if I think deeply.

I clearly get that this is that sort of world.

Let's leave it to a scholar to clarify such a mysterious phenomenon.

Therefore, my stomach didn't bulge even after I finish eating the snake.

It didn't bulge so there's no way that it's sufficient.

The red total stamina gauge is still far from full.

Fortunately, there's a mountain of monster's corpses in the home.

There's the quantity that I was troubled with how to finish it before I evolved.

As expected, with this much, my different dimension stomach will surely be satisfied.

Thus, itadakimasu.

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

I eat earnestly.

Umu, I was a person with a small appetite in my previous life, but now, in this world, I am glutton.

Now, I don't feel like I would lose to any food fighter! ( TL note: Food fighter = competitive eater)

No, seriously, what's going on in my stomach?

It's obvious that I'm eating something that's more than my body's volume and yet I can still eat more.

Don't tell me that it's real that my stomach is connected with another dimension?

Though I know that there's no help even if I think so, but I'm worried when it comes to my body.

I won't understand anything even if I'm worried but I'm getting impatient.

( 気になっても答えがわからないのがこう、ムズムズするというかなんというか。TL note: not sure about this)

Da! ( ダー！)

Don't think!

I shouldn't think about anything now and I should continue eating!

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

Eat, ah, there's nothing to eat anymore.

Hae? ( ハエ？)

Did I ate all the food here?

....I ate them all.

There's nothing left.

Seriously.

My stomach is in eight-tenth though.

The red total stamina gauge is also the same.

I don't become full even if I ate that much.

Don't tell me from now on, it's always like this?

It is just this time only right because I used up my energy for my evolution?

Otherwise, I'm sure that I will starve to death.

That is troubling.

That is very troubling

No right? There's no such thing right?

If it is so then evolution is an outrageous land mine.

No, when thinking properly, isn't it that evolution is relatively a land mine?

I would lose consciousness and my energy becomes approximately empty.

I don't know how long passed since I lost my consciousness and during that time, I would be defenseless.

Though I don't had any problems because I'm inside the home, but for other monsters, isn't evolution quite life-threatening?

I am really lucky.

In addition, even if I succeed in the evolution, it's dangerous because I'll run out of energy.

If they don't have any stored food like me, they would need to hunt in such a worn-out state.

Won't it get defeated if it hunt in such state?

I am really lucky.

Is this the protagonist revision or opportunism?

( こういうのって、主人公補正とかご都合主義とかいうのかな？TL note: not sure too)

Well, there's no way a spider can be a protagonist.

Up until now, my spider life was not peaceful to the extent that I need to count on my good luck.

I should start preparing when I'm around level 9 if the next evolution occurs at level 10.

This time, I manage to evolve in a perfect state but normally, it won't go as well as this without any preparations.

Ah, it was really good that I was able to kill that snake.

If the snake was not there, I won't build the home and there won't be a mountain of food.

Snake-sama, Thank you!

Though it has recovered to some degree, my stomach is still not satisfied.

Now that I have finished eating all the food, there's no reason to stay in this home anymore.

Here's the start of the De-Hikki plan!

Therefore, I leave this home that I'm indebted to and start my aimless journey again.

Thank you, my second home.

Unexpectedly, I have stayed for a long time even though it's just a temporary inn.

Farewell!

I depart triumphantly.

For the time being, let's find a prey to fill my stomach.

After that, well, I want to head towards the dungeon's exit even though I will wander aimlessly as usual.

If there's a next evolution, I think that my body will grow bigger.

My appearance didn't change after this evolution but it has such an effect. So it's not impossible that there's a pattern where I would become big immediately after evolution.

Then, in this passage now, I'm a little uneasy with the size.

If possible, I want to go to a bigger passage.

I think the best choice is to go outside.

It's possible that if I grow bigger inside the dungeon, I might not be able to get out if the exit is small.

Indeed, living in this dungeon throughout my life is a bit too much.

Un.

Well, anyway, let's find a prey.

The talk starts after that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

29 The things that I need to do is still the same even if I evolve

Found the 1st prey.

『Elro Frog　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

The frog that I'm familiar with.

But it looks like it has the highest level among the guys I have seen before.

Un.

I feel like wanting to know how much have changed in my abilities after evolving?

I think I should have become stronger because it's called as evolution.

But.

My level also falls to level 1.

It's good if the revision is as much as the level I have raised but it's dangerous if level 1 decrease my stats considerably.

( 今まで上げた分のレベル補正がそのままならいいんだけど、もしレベル１相当に減ってるんだとしたら危ないよねー。TL note: not sure about this)

Well, there's probably no such thing here but there's such a system according to the game.

It's temporary weakening and I would become much more stronger than before if I raise it once again.

Though it's not wrong in a speedrun game, but it's a matter of life and death if it's forced to be done in reality.

(TL note: やりこみ not sure on this one. It has the meaning of speedrun in it)

Un.

I think that it's probably all right, but let's go with the safety measures here.

I should not do anything reckless if I'm uneasy.

My life hangs on this so I need to proceed carefully.

I climb the wall stealthily.

I head towards the ceiling and advance upside down.

I fix my body using a thread once I arrive right above the frog.

I also release threads to make a small web on my forelegs.

Preparations completed.

I hang down a thread towards the frog and I move down on the thread.

3, 2, 1, Go!

I assault it from the overhead to cover the frog with the web which I held in my forelegs.

The frog was caught in the web without an interval to avoid it and I who hangs on the frog with a web, shoots additional threads on the frog's body.

Once it becomes impossible for the frog to move, I approach it and bite it!

Umu.

It's a skillful hunting even if I say so myself.

( 我ながら鮮やかな狩りですな。TL note: not sure about this)

Maybe it's time to called myself as an Assassin.

Kukuku.

Don't think you can escape from this thread and fangs.

Ah, for the time being, let's eat the frog.

Itadakimasu.

However, it's that.

The things I need to do is still the same even if I evolve.

At first, my objective was to gain combat experience but I feel like that the objective is getting hazy.

After all, the monsters around here generally has a higher rank than me.

My life won't be sufficient no matter how many lives I have if I fought it directly.

Why there's no one that is in a reasonable level to fight with?

( もう少し適正レベルってやつを考えちゃくれませんかねー。TL note: Totally not sure with this)

Though the surprise attack from my assassination combo works well.

But after I make my nest, I don't have the opportunity to launch a surprise attack. Then I feel that my first aim is out of the track because I was suppose to get stronger to be able to fight against those who breakthrough my nest.

......Nono!

I have evolved!

My level rose!

It would be advantageous if I raise my basic abilities!

Up until now, my actions is not pointless!

Let's put it that way!

Fuu.

My activity in this area has become nearly meaningless.

Dangerous, dangerous.

Umumu.

However, the real problem, keep relying on a surprise attack is kinda dangerous.

One of the reasons I lost my home is because I was overestimating my home's power.

And here, I want to develop something into a weapon.

I won't have so much troubles if I can think immediately.

The one that I come up with right away was none other than the unknown effect "Heresy Magic".

If I can use this then I might be able develop new strategies but I just don't know how to to use it.

Gununu. ( ぐぬぬ。)

If I were a human, will I be taught on how to use it?

Well, there's no help for it even if I make such an assumption. But being forced to solve everything on my own is both comfortable and troublesome.

It's comfortable that I don't need to associate pointlessly with other people but it's also troublesome that I need to confront such a hopeless thing.

Either way, in this figure, I don't think it's possible for me to interact with humans.

I can't talk.

If there's telepathy, then it might be possible right?

Come to think of it, I have reached level 10, so isn't it time to use my skill points?

My skill points should become 100 points if I assume that I gain 10 skill points in each level.

I was able to acquire "Appraisal" with 100 points, so I might acquire a new skill soon.

Therefore, voice of heaven-san, can I acquire a skill?

《Currently you have 200 skill points.

The skill 『Telepathy LV1』 can be acquired by spending 100 skill point.

Do you want to acquire it?》

Oou.

It's really possible to acquire it....

Hmm.

Telepathy doesn't have its use in the present condition.

This is rejected.

But I have saved up 200 points.

That means, 20 points gained per level.

Ah, then I should be able to acquire a new skill when I became level 6.

Because there's the "Appraisal" too that is useless after acquiring it but if I raise it's level steadily, it might be usable in the future.

I might have did something wasteful.

Hmm?

No, wait, wait.

Let's recall my memories properly.

If I'm not mistaken, didn't I tried to acquire a skill when I was level 6 but it end up that I can't acquire it? ( TL note: From chapter 14. But she was level 5 that time)

Huh?

Didn't it said that I'm lacking of skill points?

Hmmm?

The reasons that I can think of are the points gained increase by the height of the level and increase by evolution.

Though both are possible, I have no way to verify it now.

For the time being, I will put away the reason why the point increase.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 30.

Still haven't fully recovered so no second chapter today.

No release on tomorrow too. I think I need to rest properly.

Now back to the chapter. Here are the skill names used in this chapter (Suggest if you have a better one):

毒爪 = Poison Claw

操糸 = Control Thread

ＨＰ自動回復 = Automatic HP Recovery

ＳＰ消費緩和 = SP Consumption Down

探知 = Detection

30 Let's acquire a new skill!

Well, now that my skill points has increased, I want to acquire a new skill.

But this is bad if I don't do it carefully.

There's the "Appraisal" too and I would end up regretting if I simply decide what to pick.

For the time being, I want to focus on thinking after safety is secured.

I ignore the remains of the frog which I have finished eating and quickly build a simple home.

I'm already skillful to be able to make a simple home like an odd job.

( もはや簡易ホームくらいなら片手間で作れるくらいに手馴れた。TL note: not sure about this)

Yosh.

With this, I can concentrate.

First, the skills that I shouldn't acquire.

I should refrain from acquiring anything that's related with magic because there's the case of "Heresy Magic".

I can clearly see that the pattern where I don't know how to use it and it will end up useless.

I will also exclude all the skills that its effect can't be known just by looking at its name.

Next, I also shouldn't acquire skills that I seem to be able to acquire it myself.

When thinking based on my experience up until now, each skill has its own skill proficiency.

Once the skill proficiency reach a certain degree, the skill level will rise.

I think that the skill proficiency will still increase even if the skill level is less than 1 and once it reach a minimal required value, a new skill will be acquired.

It might be a feature only for the resistance skill because up until now, all the skills I acquired through this way are all resistance skills.

But if I can acquire it by myself, there's no need to use my skill points for it.

When thinking so, I think that it was not a mistake to have acquired "Appraisal".

After all, I don't know how to raise the "Appraisal" skill proficiency from 0.

In addition, unlike magic, I know how to use it.

The "Appraisal" might be rare skill even though I have been saying that it's useless.

After thinking about it, the skill that I should acquire must be a skill that I know how to use and skill that's difficult to acquire by myself.

I feel that the conditions is quite severe.

In the first place, with only the skill's name, acquiring a skill without knowing its effect is a very scary system.

I need to continue inquiring about the name from the voice of heaven so that I can confirm it.

Though I have tried it before, I need to request about the skill that I want to acquire to the voice of heaven in case when skill points is consumed and a skill is acquired.

( 前にも試したけど、スキルポイントを消費してスキルを得る場合、該当するスキル名を取得したいと天の声（仮）に申請しないといけない。 TL note: not sure too)

The voice of heaven will react when there's such a skill name but the voice of heaven will remain silent when there's no such skill name.

Therefore, I must inquire steadily whether there's such a skill or not from the voice of heaven.

Because I often inquiry when I'm free, some skill names are confirmed.

I think I will acquire the skill that matches the conditions from that.

There are 5 choices.

Poison Claw

Control Thread

Automatic HP Recovery

SP Consumption Down

Detection

"Poison Claw" and "Control Thread" are skills that I can use to strengthen my skills.

"Poison Claw" is similar as "Poison Fang". Just that its a claw version.

"Control Thread" is a support skill to use my "Spider Thread" more efficiently.

If there's a problem then it's that the "Poison Claw" is considerably weaker than "Poison Fang" after acquisition.

"Control Thread", I don't know whether I know the way to use it or not.

"Automatic HP Recovery" and "SP Consumption Down" are both support skills.

The effects are probably just as its name and I think having it will make things considerably convenient.

Last, "Detection" is quite a risk.

After all, I want to take measures against surprise attack if I were to live in this dungeon.

Though it's the skill for that, the effect that I demand from this skill is doubtful and the way to use it is also doubtful.

( そのためのスキルなんだけど、私が求めてる効果がこのスキルにあるのか微妙だし、使い方が分かるかどうかも微妙なライン。TL note: don't know about this)

I think that it will become some sort of bet to acquire this skill.

Though there were other skills that I want, this was the lineup after I took the use of the skills.

Still, I didn't think to pursue romance in this situation which my life hangs on it.

What's left are skills that I want but lack of skill points.

Like "Immortality".

No matter how I think, the necessary skill points for it is way much higher.

Un.

I'm at loss.

After all, rather than developing new strategies, I'm currently on the path of strengthening my strategies.

Well, there's no help for it to prevent it meddling with an incompetent skill.

( まあ、それも下手なスキルに手を出して痛い目を見ないようにするには仕方ないんだけどね。TL note: not sure about this)

That's why I think I should remove "Automatic HP Recovery" from the choices for the time being.

After all, in my case, the possibility that I will die if my HP decreases is high.

Since I want to stick with the assassin style, I must avoid any situation that can decrease my HP.

If that's the case then, two from the remaining four.

What would I do?

The "SP Consumption Down" is the only one without demerits.

It feels too safe.

If I have "Poison Claw", then I can develop a lot of strategies but it seems hard to raise its level.

The "Control Thread" is useful if I can use it but if I can't use it, the damage is large.

The "Detection" is more like a gamble.

Mumumu.

Umu.

Yosh, I have decided it.

《Currently you have 200 skill points.

The skill 『Control Thread LV1』 can be acquired by spending 100 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

YES.

《『Control Thread LV1』 was acquired. Remaining skill points 100》

《Currently you have 100 skill points.

The skill 『Detection LV1』 can be acquired by spending 100 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

YES.

《『Detection LV1』 was acquired. Remaining skill point 0》

I acquired "Control Thread" and "Detection".

I have chosen the two skills that has the highest gambling element in it even though I said that I won't take the risk because my life hangs on it.

Ah, maybe I'm not suitable for gambling.

Anyway, it can't be helped for what I have chose.

Let's pray that I can use this two.

If it's not usable, I'll cry.

Though I don't know whether tears fall from the spider's eyes or not.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

31 I gained new skills

Fuu.

Yosh.

Let's try the newly acquired skills.

First of all, "Thread Manipulation".

If it's as the same as its name, then the convenience of my "Spider Thread" should increase a lot.

The invincible and wonderful "Spider Thread" becomes stronger is surely the best.

For the time being, I try to release a thread.

The problem is beyond that point.

If I don't know the way to manipulate the thread, then it's useless to choose this skill.

Like the "Appraisal", I think about it in my mind.

Move, move.

Oh, there's a slight sense of discomfort on the thread.

Hmm?

What's this?

It's like something entered the thread, it's a strange feeling that's hard to describe.

If I were to compare it, it's like a nerve entered the thread.

Can this work?

I try to send an order to move after entering the thread.

Gugugugugu. ( ぐぐぐぐぐ。)

The thread moves a little in a slow movement.

Un.

It moved.

No matter how hard I try, I can't make it usable in battle.....

Ah, I understood it!

I have prepared for this!

I thought of such possibility!

For me, it's still better for it to move!

I didn't had any expectations. I really didn't!

Haa.

Huh?

My MP decrease a little?

I have never seen my MP decrease so far, but this is the influence of "Thread Manipulation" right?

Hee, "Thread Manipulation" consumes MP.

Well, I didn't use MP so far and I'm particularly good with it.

For the time being, I should use my MP when I'm free to level my skill.

Let's believe that this is surely useful in the long term.

I pull myself together, and the next is "Detect".

Un.

I don't hold expectations on it.

At any rate, this has a higher gambling element than "Thread Manipulation".

I don't whether it's usable or not.

To be frank, it's uncertain whether there's the function for enemy searching that I want or not.

There's a possibility that the skill will be completely different.

In addition, the "Thread Manipulation" is like that and "Appraisal" too the same. To be honest, I shouldn't expect much from level 1 skills.

I must think that it's a congratulatory matter if it has the function I want and I understand the way to use it.

( 目当ての機能があって、使い方もわかれば万々歳だと思わないと TL note: not sure with this)

For the time being, let's do the same as the "Appraisal".

I somehow imaged the feeling of meditating and it looks like it's a right on the mark.

Up until now, I can't sense anything, and yet suddenly, I can sense various things.

Eh?

What's this?

The information is extremely thin and I can't distinguish what is there.

But, the quantity is not ordinary.

Various information flows into my head from many places.

Ugu!

Like the time when I use a large amount of "Appraisal", a shock hit my head hard.

I sever the "Detect" in a hurry.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detect LV1』 has become 『Detect LV2』》

Huh?

Isn't it too fast?

Eh, seriously, did it just level because of that?

No, certainly it did pick up an outrageous amount of information, but, err, really?

Nono.

Let's wait for a moment.

To begin with, what's that?

It's totally different from the "Detect" that I imagined and I want to scream about the mysterious phenomenon that occurred. Voice of heaven-san, can I request an explanation for this? It's useless right? I knew it.

Fuu.

I need to calm down.

Yosh.

I try using "Detect" once again to confirm that mysterious phenomenon.

I need to to be mentally prepared for this, after all, it's dangerous.

Suu Haa. ( すーはー。)

Yosh, "Detect" start.

Information than I don't understand well flows into my head even more than the previous one.

《Skill proficiency reach. Skill 『Detect LV2』 has become 『Detect LV3』》

It's too fast!

Gu, I'm reaching my limit soon.

I sever the "Detect".

Buhaa.

Ah, this is tiresome.

But, I somehow understand it.

Yes, about "Detect".

The skill's name is Detect.

It didn't say what it detects.

This "Detect" skill, if my thoughts are right, then the effect is more than I imagined.

Or rather, it has the effect more than I imagined that makes it doesn't seem usable.

In other words, I think that the "Detect" skill detects everything that exists around and the information is sent to the user.

Then, it becomes impossible to process the excessive information in the head.

Certainly, it has the enemy searching function in it, but to pick up that specific information from that amount is impossible for me who have a tiny brain.

It's impossible to do it unless I have the processing capacity at the same level as a super computer.

Uwa, certainly, I didn't not imagine that the skill will not be usable because of the skill was too high-performance.

What kind of pitfall is this?

What is this?

The guy who thought of this, is he the guy who won't be satisfied unless he set up a trap in it?

Ah.

At any rate, "Detect" is not usable.

It can't work out somehow even if its level rises unlike "Thread Manipulation".

Or rather, won't my head explode if I raise its level?

I already need to shelved it forever.

Nai waa.

Can't I return the skill back?

It's impossible right.

Uaa, it looks like I really don't have any talents in gambling.

The feeling that I have done it is horrible.

Haa, I'm losing strength.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 32.

Here are some names (Suggest one if you have a better one):

隠密 = Spy

魔物殺し = Monster Killer

強力 = Powerful

堅固 = Solid

過食 = Overeating

32 Growth period?

Sususususu. ( ススススス。)

Basa! ( バサッ！)

Guruguru. ( グールグール。)

Chomp!

Itadakimasu.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV1 has become LV2》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill points gained》

The level up came.

Though I'm sad because no skills leveled up, but I will settle with this.

Oh, I found a prey.

Sususususu.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Spy LV1』》

Basa!

Guruguru.

Chomp!

Itadakimasu.

Hmm?

Didn't something different mixed in it?

I think the voice of heaven said something.

Un?

Skill?

Spy?

Something like harder to be discovered by the enemy?

Up until now, I have not been discovered before, so isn't it unnecessary?

Well, I will take it if you're giving it to me.

Oh, I found a prey.

Sususususu.

Basa!

Guruguru.

Chomp!

《Conditions met. Title 『Assassin』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Assassin』, skill 『Spy LV1』『Shadow Magic LV1』 was acquired》

《『Spy LV1』 has unified with 『Spy LV1』》

Itadakimasu.

Hmm?

I heard something again.

Title?

Which reminds me that I didn't acquire any new titles since the time I acquired "Gross Feeder" and "Blood Relative Eater".

I tried to acquire new titles by performing various mysterious dance, but in the end, I didn't acquire any new titles.

An assassin.

I think that I'm becoming like a ninja.

Oops, found a prey.

Sususususu.

Basa!

Guruguru.

Chomp!

《Conditions met. Title 『Monster Killer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Monster Killer』, skill 『Powerful LV1』『Solid LV1』 was acquired》

Itadakimasu.

Oh?

I heard something once again.

Monster Killer?

No, but I have been killing monsters all the time in this dungeon.

Why now?

Is it that?

Something like title acquisition after defeating a number of monsters.

Un.

Fua!?

Found a prey again!

Sususususu.

Basa!

Guruguru.

Chomp!

Itadakimasu.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Overeating LV1』》

Again?

Today is somehow amazing.

I mean, what's this "Overeating".

How is it a skill name?

This, don't tell me it's a skill with negative effect?

Ah, but I ate.

Since evolution, I have not become full at all, but finally, my stomach becomes full.

Looks like that mysterious phenomenon of food disappears as soon as I eat is just limited to after evolution.

Good.

If I still have that different dimension stomach, then something terrible will happen on the Engel's coefficient.

Well, I don't have money, so there's no Engel's coefficient.

I'm penniless.

.......Let's wait a minute.

I feel hungry and pass through various things, didn't 'that' do 'that' very hard today?

'That' did 'that' and because it's 'that', it's 'that'.

Un.

Let's calm down.

My level rose.

That's good.

If I hunt, sooner or later it will increase, so it's not strange that it increase.

I got "Spy" skill.

That's also good.

When saying it's useful or not, well, it's better than nothing. If it's possible to get it, then I will get it.

Title was acquired.

Isn't this weird?

No, is it good to acquire a title?

Is it very good?

But getting 2 in succession.

Err.

"Assassin" and "Monster Killer".

Both are dangerous title.

Ah, I don't have any decent titles.

I wonder why now.

Well, "Assassin" is a ninja-like title.

I acquired "Spy" and "Shadow Magic" from it.

When it's called as "Shadow Magic", can I enter the shadow?

A useful magic for assassination like hide oneself in the shadow.

Either way, I can't use it.

That's why I have said that I don't know the way to use magic!

Ah, instruction manual please.

I don't understand about the "Monster Killer".

What?

"Powerful" and "Solid"?

I don't understand the skills because it's too vague.

Un?

If I think bluntly, is it a skill that increase the physical offensive ability and defensive ability in the status?

Or maybe it's a support skill that raise status temporarily.

If it's the former case, then it's good, but if it's the latter case, then I don't know the way to use it.

After all, I have to leave it as it is.

And lastly, "Overeating"?

Isn't this really a negative skill?

Even as a joke, saying something like overeating to a girl, I feel like want to fight against the voice of heaven!

Do you want to say that I'm fat!?

NO!

Absolutely NO!

It's just that after eating I become a little plump only!

I will become slim back if I sleep overnight!

Look at this slim leg!

A beautiful leg that seems to break any moment!

The stick-like leg which is impossible to be achieved by humans!

Can you still say that I'm fat after that!?

If it's not after meal, I would be thin!

Fuu, fuu.

...It's futile.

Nobody called me fat before in my previous life, so I reacted a little excessively.

On the contrary, I have been called before as gari and bone. (TL note: ガリ/gari is an overly skinny person)

Well, still, wasn't today a day with great progress?

This is indeed the first time that I get various things.

If possible, I want to continue this condition.

Eh, promising?

Obviously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 33.

Here are some names (Suggest if you have a better one):

エルローグレイム = Elro Greim

ダズトルディア = Daztoldia

33 The seriousness of Appraisal-san

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV5』 has become 『Appraisal LV6』》

Appraisal!

With this, victory is mine!

When thinking that the maximum level is 10, a usable function should appear soon!

I try to see my appraisal result while throbbing.

『Small Taratect　LV2　No name

Status

ＨＰ：３６／３６（Green）

ＭＰ：３６／３６（Blue）

ＳＰ：３６／３６（Yellow）

：３４／３６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１９

Average Defensive Ability：１９

Average Magic Ability：１８

Average Resistance Ability：１８

Average Speed Ability：３４８』

.......W.....h.....a.....t...!?

Eh?

Eh?

Ehh!?

Who are you!? ( 貴様誰だ！？TL note: is this a reference?)

You're not the Appraisal-san that I know!?

The Appraisal-san I know should be a useless child that's overflowing with disappointing feelings!

It's absolutely not a competent cool beauty like you!

Where's the real Appraisal-san!?

What should I do with the word 「It's useless」 that I prepared secretly!?

You let me hold expectations every time, and when a new feature is added, didn't we made a promise that I will say 「It's useless」 in the end!

Why do you have to betray my expectations for the promise?

Say, say something!

Haa, haa, haa!

I lose control of myself for just a moment.

I should take a deep breath and calm down here.

Fuu, fuu, haa.

Yosh, I returned to sanity!

Ah.

Didn't Appraisal-san evolve too much?

The difference is extreme so far.

No, this is one of the things which I wanted from Appraisal-san.

But somehow I don't feel satisfied.

If I were to say it, it's like the same person that graduated from the same middle school as you, made his high school debut shrewdly.

No, it's incomprehensible even if I do say so myself.

Anyway, this functional enhancement of "Appraisal" is terrific.

My strength that I didn't know up until now has become obvious.

Specific numerical value has appeared and it seems that I can verify various things from now on.

Before that, just to be sure, let's examine the word with double appraisal.

『Small Taratect：Hatchling of the spider-type monster called the Taratect. Carnivorous and has poison in its fang』

『Average Offensive Ability：Displays the individual's average physical offensive ability. Although it's the average, the numerical value differs according to the body parts』

『Average Defensive Ability：Displays the individual's average physical defensive ability. Although it's the average, the numerical value differs according to the body parts』

『Average Magic Ability：Displays the individual's average magic application(運用) ability. Although it's average, the numerical value differs according to the operation』

『Average Resistance Ability：Displays the individual's average magic defensive ability. Although it's average, the numerical value differs according to the attribute』

『Average Speed Ability：Displays the individual's average speed ability. Although it's average, the numerical value differs according to the body parts』

Amazing.

Even the explanation has become longer and easier to understand.

Appraisal-san, to become so excellent....

Fumu.

Differ according to body parts should mean that if it's human, then it's the difference between hand and leg.

The offensive ability changes in the hand and leg.

The numerical value that appeared in the status probably is the average of all the body parts.

However, that.

My status, no matter how you look at it, it's low right?

I don't know how low my stats are because I can't compare it. But I have raise my level to 10 once and evolve. What's with this number?

And among those stats, the speed stands out the most.

Isn't is strange?

Only the numerical value of the speed is 10 times higher than the others.

What a speed specialized character am I.

Umumu.

When it become so, I want to compare it with other monsters.

Predicting the result so far, the probability to fail is high when "Appraisal" is used on others.

Rather than high, it never succeed in appraising other status except the level.

Perhaps, I think that it doesn't change much even if the skill level rose.

However, I think that it's worth trying.

Therefore, let's look for a prey.

Is there a good prey somewhere?

...

...

...

Found you!

Yosh, appraise at once!

『Elro Greim　LV2　Failed to appraise its status』

Ah.

As expected, the "Appraisal" of the another person's status is difficult.

There's no help for it.

For the time being, seems it's a monster that I see for the first time, let's appraise it's species.

『Elro Greim：The mouse-type monster that inhabit in the Elro Great Labyrinth. Omnivorous and has poison in its fang』

Hmm?

Wait a minute.

There's a word in the explanation of the monster that can't be ignored.

『Elro Great Labyrinth：The world's largest labyrinth that connects the Daztoldia continent and Kasanagara continent underground』

I confirm my location from an unexpected point.

It seems the dungeon I am in is called the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Certainly, I have thought before what's the 'Elro' that's attached to the monster's name, so it's the dungeon's name.

The world's largest labyrinth.

That explains why it's this wide.

What does it mean by connecting continents underground?

In other words, the top of the dungeon is the sea?

Uee.

Seriously?

Then, it's wide.

I mean is it possible for me to go out from this huge labyrinth?

Ah, I don't want to think about it.

While I'm at it, I appraise the name of the continents.

『Daztoldia Continent：It's a continent called as the land of the Human race. Human race nation exists in great numbers』

『Kasanagara Continent：The central continent of the world. Proud of its world's largest area』

Hmm.

Un.

That's the only impression that comes out.

If I were to escape, I would like to avoid the Daztoldia continent that is roamed by humans. But I don't seem to have the composure to choose.

For the time being, I was able to recognize anew the current condition and I was able to obtain some useful information.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's chapter 34.

Well just want to say this.

Thanks for suggesting the names. Changes will be made in future translated chapters.

34 Sequel・Growth period

For the time being, let's kill the mouse that I left it because of the "Appraisal".

Sususususu.

Basa!

Guruguru.

Chomp!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV6』 has become 『Poison Fang LV7』》

Oou.

Looks like my fever hasn't end yet.

Wonderful.

When thinking about my weak status, if you take away my "Poison Fang" from me, then it can be said that I don't have any weapons.

My first and last weapon which is the level of my "Poison Fang" is considerably important.

( 最初にして最後の攻撃手段たる毒牙のレベルはかなり重要ですよ。TL note: not sure with this)

Let's stop today's exploration soon.

My red total stamina gauge still has quite an amount but I can't afford to force myself further.

I make a simple home on the spot.

Now that I have secure safety, I won't eat the mouse.

Still I don't feel hungry because I have eaten that much.

It's not that I can't eat anymore, but rather than forcing myself to eat it now, I should save it till I wake up.

Therefore, I lie down with my bottom.

Before that, I have something to do before sleeping.

Nyoron. ( にょろーん。)

Uneune. ( うねうね。)

Nyun. ( にゅーん。)

It's not like I'm doing something indecent.

I'm practicing "Thread Manipulation".

What I was able to understand when practicing was that I can only manipulate 1 thread.

It can only move as an earthworm wriggles.

The range I can manipulate it is quite wide as long as the thread touches my body.

The consumed MP is insignificant.

That's what I understand.

For the time being, at the current stage, it doesn't seem to be useful in battle.

Therefore, before sleeping, I practiced while MP is consumed and raise my skill level steadily.

If the level rises, it's ability should also rise.

Because "Appraisal" was a child who is capable, so "Thread Manipulation" should be usable when it reaches around level 6.

But the journey to there might be slightly long.

When its level rises, I want to try out various things.

Like the protective clothing that I gave up before or a way to kill using it or redevelop the enemy searching thread because of the "Detect".

My dream spreads in various ways.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Manipulation LV1』 has become 『Thread Manipulation LV2』》

Level up as soon as I say it!

Nyororon. ( にょろろーん。)

Uneuneune. ( うねうねうね。)

Nyuuun. ( にゅーううん。)

I see.

The movement is not bad.

Really outrageous.

The level rose and the movement improved a little.

Still, it hasn't reach the level suitable for battle, but the movement improves remarkably. It might be usable earlier than expected.

I still have an amount of MP, so I will earn skill proficiency until I reach my limit.

Fua.

Ah, I slept well.

After all, I end up persisting until my MP almost exhausted and my "Thread Manipulation" manage to reach level 3.

I intended to do it until my MP is fully exhausted, but when I'm running short of MP, I felt that it's dangerous to continue.

Though I don't know what's dangerous about it, but I stopped my practice because I instinctively knew it would be dangerous if I ran out of MP.

After sleeping overnight, my MP is completely restored.

Un.

Like this, I can practice "Thread Manipulation" before sleeping without any problems.

No, wait.

After all, it's fully recovered, so shouldn't I do it after waking up too?

At any rate, I don't use MP usually and if it recovers through time progression, then won't it recover when I'm in the middle of hunting?

Un.

That seems to be more efficient.

If there's a problem, then I can change it to practice before sleep only starting from tomorrow. You'll never know unless you try.

Thus, I practice my "Thread Manipulation".

When my MP almost reaches its limit,

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Manipulation LV3』 has become 『Thread Manipulation LV4』》

I heard the voice of heaven.

Yosh yosh.

Everything's going well.

Because of my MP is almost exhausted, I can't confirm how much the movement improved. But it has already reach level 4, so it should be able to move well.

Still, it's not usable in battle yet, but in the simple home, it might be possible to experiment on making protective clothing.

I'm looking forward for tonight.

Now then, let's have breakfast.

The menu is the yesterday's mouse.

Well then, itadakimasu.

Umu.

It's bad.

Even if I eat, there's no change in MP.

It looks like MP doesn't recover by taking meals.

Because there might be something like MP restorative medicine, so perhaps, there are ingredients that can recover MP by eating it.

The meat of the monster with high magical powers seems to be able to recover.

Well, up until now, I have never happen to meet a monster that can use magic-like magic (魔法らしい魔法).

However, after I evolved, I'm in good form.

My skills keep on leveling and I was able to acquire new titles.

It can be said that the wave has come.

It's like the era is telling me to shine.

Fufufu.

There's nothing that can stop me now!

Fuhehe.

I will become stronger with this condition and I will advance steadily in the labyrinth.

I already know that this labyrinth is wide and there's nothing that I can do but to look for the exit.

Well now, my brilliant day begins!

Uhehe.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

35 Therefore, don't get carried away that much(ry

Funfunfuun. ( ふんふんふーん。)

Exploring the labyrinth in a good mood.

No, if it's the me now, the monsters around here are not my enemy.

As long as I find the enemy first, I can launch a surprise attack.

Even if it's not the case, isn't it possible for me to fight head-on now?

I have evolved and got stronger and my skill level is considerably high, so I don't think that I will expose such an unsightly appearance like the time I fight the frog head-on again.

When you say whether I can surely win or not, it makes me slightly uneasy. But I think I might go well.

I think it's all thanks to the growth rush after evolving.

Skill level keep rising and I was able to acquire new titles.

Though only the "Detect" turned out slightly disappointing, but the rest were all gains.

Hmm, thinking back about this good condition, rather than after evolution, isn't it after defeating the snake?

My level rise at a stretch because I defeat the snake.

Food overflows due to the snake's corpse.

Thanks to that, evolution is safely done.

After that, the fever continues.

Oh!

As expected, this good condition starts after defeating the snake!

What a good luck to meet Snake-sama.

Thank you.

Ah, forked road.

Right and left.

Here as usual, advance to the right, un?

Somehow, I have a bad premonition.

A bad premonition telling me to get away from here quick.

I look at the left passage for an instant.

『Elro Baradrad　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

Yay!

It's a snake.

Am I an idiot!?

Though it has a lower level than the previous snake, but isn't it impossible for me to win without my nest!?

Uwa, it noticed me!?

Moreover, I'm definitely lock-on!?

Escape!

I escape to the right passage!

Like I can fight against such monster!

Who was the fool who said that the monsters around here were not enemies!

It's ME!

Nonono!

That snake is clearly a boss unlike the other monsters here!

Why are you popping up like any common monsters here!?

Isn't it stupid!?

Awawawawa!

I can hear a dreadful sound chasing after me from behind!?

Fast!

Why you can match with my speed!?

My speed is 348!?

I thought that I won't lose in speed against other monsters!

To be able to match with it, what are you!?

Crap!?

A different monster forward!?

『Elro Randanel　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

Eehhh!?

Out of all the other monsters, why is it the 3 intimate friend monster!

If it's only one of them, then I could have pass through the side!

There's no gap to pass through if three of them form a line!

Wh, What should I do?

What should I DO!?

Aaaah, I don't have the time to hesitate!?

Here I go!

Sink or swim!

I keep my speed and climb the wall!

Nuooooooo!

Yes!

I did it!

Wall run success!

I pass through the three monsters!

Though I heard a terrible sound from the rear, I won't turn around!

Though I don't know how long those three can hold on, but I should escape before it's too late!

Sorry, the three monsters I happen to pass by.

This is also one of the skills of the law of the jungle.

Become a sacrifice for me!

Fuhahahaha!

I managed to survive by sacrificing the three monsters!

I pray that you will be happ....huh?

There's no path ahead?

Wait, isn't this the same pattern as the centipedes nesting hole!?

Wawawawa!

This is bad!

I put too much in my speed so I can't stop suddenly!

Ah, ah, wai, Ahh!?

The destination after I dive with all my might was the air.

Eh?

Ah, this is an extremely deep and wide hole.

I would die if I fall.

I'm faliing!?

Noooooo!?

A stringless bungee is not a JOKE!?

String?

String!

Come on, "Spider Thread"!

I shoot my thread to the wall and stick it!

Yosh, with this!

Gofu! (　ごふっ！)

Ah, it's very painful.

Though the fall stopped, my body strike against the wall due to the recoil.

Ah, I thought I was gonna die.

Chased by a snake and the point ahead of my path was a precipitous cliff which I have to dive in it.

I wonder that is this the punishment for being carried away because of the good condition?

Ah, I understood it.

I will reflect my actions.

Since I have reflect it, can you do something with the threatening buzzing sound since a while ago?

『Finjegoath　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

It was the bee.

It's the monster of the huge bee which I have only seen it once.

It flies in this pit innumerably.

Err, Hello?

I'm sorry!

Please overlook me!

Seriously, please don't look at here!

There's only one way to dodge an attacking bee!

Tou! (　とう！)

Dive once more!

I fall, but this time, I'm different from a while ago!

I gave elasticity to the thread that sticks to the wall and fall down safely like bungee jumping.

After bouncing 2 or 3 times, I cling to the wall and stick a thread again.

Bungee once more!

I repeat it until I get down to the bottom layer.

Yosh, it's the ground!

However, the sky is full of bees.

I encourage my tired body and start running again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

36 Desperate situation

The large swarm of bees are still flying in the sky.

Anyway, I need to leave this place quick.

Though I thought so, but my decision was one step slower.

A bee weigh on my back.

And then, an intense pain ran through my back.

!!!!????

Ouch!

I was stabbed!

Moreover, from the place that I was stabbed in, something is poured into my body!

It's poison!

Once it clings on my back, I can't do anything.

No, there's one way.

It's not the time to mind about my small amount of MP!

I manipulate the thread with "Thread Manipulation" and attach it to the bee.

Then, I restrain it and bind it.

Dosei! (　どっせい！)

I grab my thread and thrust the bee down in the manner of the back throw!

Though I want to finish it off, but escaping is my priority now!

I hide myself in the shadow of the rocky area close to the wall surface.

If it's here, with the bee's large build, it shouldn't be able to invade this place.

Just as I expected, the several bees which chase after me, fly around the surroundings for a while before it gave up and left.

I somehow manage to survive.

However, I was not flawless.

Though I can't see it, but there's a large hole on my back now.

In addition, my HP have 6 left.

30 HP was taken away by an attack.

I'm not surprised.

I understood that my defense is quite low.

Rather, thanks to the spider's vitality that I can live on even if I bear such a serious wound.

It was also good that my "Poison Resistance" level is high.

The thing poured into the place where I was stabbed in is surely poison.

I don't know whether the poison was nullified or not. Indeed in that situation, I don't know whether it's the poison damage or the needle damage, but I would be dead by now if I didn't have "Poison Resistance".

With this wound, I don't think I can move for a while.

I don't know whether it will cure naturally or not.

Then, like from before, I want to aim for the complete recovery by leveling up.

If that's the case then I would like to recover the restrained bee that I threw away a while ago to gain experience points and food.

However, it's not a good plan to get out of here.

Should I attach a thread to it using "Thread Manipulation" and pull it slowly?

Suddenly, I had an unpleasant premonition.

I look outside from the rock shade quietly.

There was the figure of the restrained bee struggling.

And there's the figure of another monster approaching it slowly.

『Elro Baradrad　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

It's the snake.

That guy, did it chase after me!?

No, it's not.

It's probably a different individual even though it has the same level.

This is bad.

From what I can see, there might be a lot of this snake that has the strength of a boss class monster in this area.

If I were to be discovered in such wounded state, I would die.

The snake approaches the bee slowly.

You can take the bee, so please don't notice me.

However, the snake did nothing on the bee.

To be exact, it can't.

Something tore up the snake's body at tremendous speed.

Huh?

Did my eyes gone crazy?

That snake easily became small pieces like a scrap of papers.

That snake which was protected with strong scale.

The snake that has the speed equal to me didn't even have the time to react.

『Earth Dragon Alaba　LV31　Failed to appraise its status』

It, it was there calmly.

Contrary to the name called dragon, it has the form that looks like a wolf.

The limbs which step firmly on the ground.

A long tail.

Without wings.

There was the figure of a majestic dragon.

This is bad.

Instinct as a spider, reasoning as a person, the cry from the soul, all of it gathers the voice.

That is not good.

There's no chance to win.

In the first place, it's not an opponent that can be decided in victory or defeat.

Judging from it, I look only like a feed.

I'm not even a prey.

It's decided that I would be eaten when I entered its view.

The existence is just that isolated.

The high level is just a trivial problem.

No matter how it is, that is definitely bad.

Earth Dragon Alaba chews the snake that have been torn asunder one by one.

I desperately hold my breath.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV1』 has become 『Stealth LV2』》

Shut up!

I beg you, please be silent!

What would I do if it notice me!

When the Earth Dragon Alaba finished chewing the snake, it left without taking notice on the bee.

I, I was saved.

I don't know whether it didn't notice me or it did notice me but it overlooked me. Anyway, I was saved.

Even though I have experienced many almost death situation, but in fact, now, I'm half-dead. This might be the first time I thought that it was that dangerous.

I'm even scared to recall about it.

This is bad.

With that guy roaming around this area, I must escape immediately by any means.

I look around the surroundings.

Here is the bottom of the pit where I have fallen.

The diameter of the hole seems to be around 100 meters.

The depth is more than that.

At any rate, I don't know the height well.

The large swarm of bees covers the sky like a wall.

I'm glad that the "Appraisal" didn't activate because there's a distance.

Otherwise, I might lose my consciousness when I appraise such a number.

I must face the large swarm of bees to return to the original area.

Moreover, while climbing the cliff up.

Impossible.

I can't fight while clinging on the cliff.

In such state, I can't move quickly and my aim using the thread won't be accurate.

This is the field that completely seal off my strong points.

As for the bee, it can move around freely in the air.

There's no chance to win.

Even so, it's a suicidal act to explore the ground where such a monster exist.

Some passages are connected in the bottom of the pit.

Sink or swim. Should I advance to a different passage from the one that monster went?

I can't.

With such a serious wound, even if it's not that monster, everything will be over if I encounter a monster.

This is bad.

I'm probably checkmated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

37 Struggles

After the Earth Dragon left, I watched the surroundings excessively for a long time.

Even if I do that much, I still can't feel relieved.

I can't be relieved but it won't begin unless I start acting.

I extend a thread with "Thread Manipulation" towards the bee which was left restrained.

Ugh, my back hurts.

But it doesn't seem that I have any problem to release the thread.

The thread extends slowly and finally, it's connects to the bee.

The bee is still struggling, but when it comes to this, I don't matter already.

Moreover, I better recover it quickly before it draws a different monster.

My wound hurts whenever I pull it.

I want to think that it's all right because my HP didn't decrease anymore even though the pain is intense.

Finally, the bee is recovered.

I drive in my "Poison Fang" immediately to kill it.

When thinking that the "Poison Fang" is effective against monster that uses poison, isn't my skill level for "Poison Fang" and "Poison Resistance" is considerably high compared to the other monsters?

Well, I don't care about such thing now.

The problem now is what should I do from now on.

To be frank, I think that it's a suicidal act to explore this area.

When I think that there are other monsters like the Earth Dragon, I won't be able to survive.

That is not good.

Even though I have crossed various dangerous bridges up until now, but that one, the danger is not equal.

Even after saying this and that, I take pride in being able to fight.

Though now, I wander around the dungeon and use the surprise attack strategy, my original style was to make a nest and withstand a siege.

I understood that the simple home was able to overthrow the snake, so if I make a nest seriously assuming a defensive battle, there's no monster who can breakthrough it.

It should be.

'That' will most likely breakthrough it.

Moreover, with great ease.

'That' has the power to that extent.

Thread, Poison Fang, Surprise Attack, Speed.

My distinctive characteristics too becomes petty tricks in front of 'that'.

Such petty tricks will be kicked about before the overwhelming power.

I can imagine the figure easily.

'That' was the second monster that I can't win no matter how I struggle after being born as a spider.

By the way, the first one was my mother (father?) which is a huge spider.

Though it's a problem that I can't win, it's a big problem that its speed is faster than me.

Even if the nest is broken through, I can still escape in the meantime.

Perhaps, I would be seething with anger but in the end, I will surely escape with my life.

It's possible with my speed.

But, 'that' will exceed my speed.

I can't win even if I fight it.

It's impossible to escape.

It becomes hopeless once I'm marked down.

What an absurd existence.

If I know that there's 'that', charging to the snake knowing that it's impossible was way much better.

Moreover, 'that' might not be the only one in this area.

I'm scared.

Up until now, this is the closes one to death.

I'm surprised to learn that there's still feelings of being scared in myself.

Even if I have various absurd experience, I never felt nervous and fearful before. So I thought that I have put away such feelings somewhere long ago.

I understood it after I'm in this situation.

Up until now, the dangers was only that much. It didn't reached the level that I would feel fear.

It's not because my feelings have died, but it's because that it's not necessary to feel so.

Haha.

It's too late to understand it.

I wanted to realize it before I'm checkmated.

Then, I might be able to aware about the dangers a little.

Let's stop regretting here.

Let's think about what should I do to survive.

First of all, securing safety.

I will make a nest around this rocky area even though it's useless against the Earth Dragon.

In the present condition, my state is not good to move.

Since it became this way, there's no use holding grudge.

The third home will be made here.

And, if possible, I want to draw weak monsters like the bee and kill it.

Aiming for the recovery by level up.

It can't be helped until this wound recovered.

With my current state, it's possible to die with a poke by a small fry monster.

I better not expect for natural recovery.

When it becomes so, I should have acquired the "Automatic HP Recovery" skill.

There's no help for it even if I regret it.

I should give up resolutely here and switch my feelings.

For the time being, let's build a base with this aim.

To be frank, it's not a good plan to build a base here.

It will only stand out if I build a base here and when a strong monster of the Earth Dragon class found it, it would be the end.

But, this is the only way I can take for the current me who's wounded.

After that, I have no choice but to bet on my bad luck.

I will aim for leveling now.

After my wound has cured by level up, I will think about escaping from this dangerous area.

Either I break through the army of bees and go to the top, or explore the bottom knowing its dangers.

Either way, I will experience hell.

But now that I have fallen into the bottom, ultimately, there's only 2 choices either to live or die.

Live fortunately or die unfortunately.

Presently, the scale inclines towards the death.

Will it continue fall or will it make a recovery?

Let's act to make a recovery.

Fortunately, I still have the stamina to make the nest.

Because the bee is considerably big, it's very helpful for a food.

Let's turn all the stamina that is obtained from this body to make the nest.

From there ahead is up to my skills and luck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

38 Spider VS Bee ①

On the first day, I made the minimum necessary nest and slept.

Though it's hard to say that I was able to sleep soundly because of the backache, I'm relieved that I was not attacked while I'm sleeping.

Not only the attack, I also thought that I would die because of the wound and when I woke up safely, I felt relieved from the bottom of my heart.

When I confirm my HP, it's 6 just like before I sleep.

It's a difficult position whether I should be disappointed that it didn't recovered or I should be relieved that it didn't decrease any further?

On the second day, I spent my day on expanding the nest.

There's the backache too, so the nest-making ran into difficulties than I thought.

Because the bees came close many times, I became more cautious every time and I have to stop working.

Unlike until now, working while being cautious of the surroundings wore down my nerves.

I took considerations of my stamina by eating the bee which I caught yesterday little by little between times.

In this situation, the danger rises exponentially if I were to run out of stamina.

My dependency on stamina is especially high.

Stamina is needed to produce thread and to act normally.

Even without it, I must at least save enough stamina for one battle.

In addition, I don't know whether I can secure food or not after this and I need to be careful in my stamina management if I'm prepared for a protracted battle.

And it became clear on this day that the "Pain Resistance" level jumped up at a stretch.

The last time when the "Pain Resistance" leveled up, if I'm not mistaken, it should be on level 2 and yet what I heard from the voice of heaven while I was making the nest was

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Resistance LV6』 has become 『Pain Resistance LV7』》

It jumped up to level 7 straight.

I thought about what happen to it but I think that it level up while I'm sleeping.

I had such an uneasy sleep, so if the rising condition of the skill proficiency is feeling pain, then the possibility that the skill proficiency accumulates when I was sleeping is high.

When I think back, I have a feeling that I heard the voice of heaven while I'm in trance.

Though I understood it, but when I thought that the "Pain Resistance" was a skill that relieves pain, it was not so.

I thought that it's strange that the pain didn't not ease at all even though the skill level is 7, but it seems that this skill is something like 「Movement is possible by enduring」.

To be frank, it's subtle.

There's no change that it's painful and there's a limit on moving even if it says so.

When I first acquired this skill, I really felt that the pain get eased, but it looks like I only felt like it.

Then, the "Pain Resistance" rose to level 8 after one whole day.

The third day.

I already finished eating the bee that I caught.

The nest also has expand within limitations and now I must move on to the next stage.

That is hunting to level up.

The problem is how to catch a prey.

Even though the bee come closer before, but it doesn't attacks, either it's being cautious or not.

If it attacks without any plans, it will be as expected but it didn't go well to that extent.

For the time being, I should wait for a chance while watching the bee.

Though I tried provoking the bee that came near indirectly, but it didn't come attacking.

There are some things that I understood from observing the bees.

First of all, they basically form a group of 5 or 6.

It divides into groups and acts respectively.

There's a leader in each group.

『High Finjegoath　LV1　Failed to appraise its status』

It's High Finjegoath.

Judging from the name, it's a high rank species and it might be an evolved individual.

Its level is also 1, so the possibility is high.

There's also bee with level 8 or 9 that's on the brink to evolve among the common species of the bee. Once it evolves, it should become the leader of the group.

The captain bee has slightly deep color than the ordinary bee.

That's the only difference. Both the size and figure are the same.

Though I don't know because I never succeed in appraising its status, but the high rank species should be higher than the ordinary bee.

Well, still, I don't think that it can breakthrough my web.

I think that it didn't do anything unnecessary because it understands it well.

When thinking so, that bee might be considerably smart.

The group masses and disappears in the passage bottom of the pit.

After a while, it kills the prey and bring it back.

Like that groups are formed and they hunt efficiently.

As expected, the captain seems to be smart.

Though there are several bees that seems to be lost are acting without permission.

Apart from that, it's considerably important that there are monsters that the bees can hunt in this bottom.

Not everyone here is a monster like the Earth Dragon.

I'm relieved just to have know it.

Still, there are groups that never return, so I can't relax my guard.

Not returning means that they have been defeated.

Among the group that returned, there are some holding their comrade's corpse, so this area is definitely dangerous.

I continued observing the state of the bee.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 39.

Here some skill names:

苦痛無効 = Pain Nullity

痛覚軽減 = Pain Alleviation

39 Spider vs Bee ②

Third day. When I think that I should sleep soon, there's a divine message from the voice of heaven.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Resistance LV9』 has become 『Pain Nullity』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Pain Alleviation LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Pain Nullity』》

The "Pain Resistance" rose again.

Moreover, it looks like it went up from 8 to 9 before I know it.

It probably rose while I'm sleeping.

The level notation disappeared and it changed into nullity in the name.

Indeed, it feels like reaching max value in a game.

This is the second skill to reach its max level after "Night Vision".

This should be the first time I raise the skill level to 10 by myself because it looks like that the "Night Vision" was a high level skill by nature.

Though it's doubtful that whether it's worth having felt pain or not.

Well, I think that the derived skill is a genuine skill that relieves pain.

No, the "Pain Resistance" is not a fake.

There's no much change in level 1.

As usual, the backache still exist.

If the skill level rises, the pain might get better. Let's expect that the skill level rises while I sleep.

That's why, good night.

Fourth day.

Since my stamina is starting to decrease gradually, I intend to act soon.

My aim is the bee that got lost.

The risk is higher to aim at a group.

I think I probably can win.

Though I think, I should be more careful here.

When there are multiple opponents, an unexpected situation can occur.

In that respect, it's easier to do with the lost one.

The lost one's judgment is vague because it's not commanded by the captain bee.

When I was observing yesterday, there was an individual that entered the narrow tunnel that the group can't enter.

I think that the individual that I caught once in the nest before also got lost after entering a strange passage.

But, I don't think that the individual manage to reach my nest from this place so it's most likely that there's a different swarm of bees near that place.

From what I saw, the lost one doesn't seems to be intelligent.

Therefore, it might be contented with getting lost without forming a group.

Anyway, the lost one might attack if I provoke it.

However, I don't intend to go with this uncertain strategy.

I take out the new weapon that I thought of yesterday.

The harden adhesion thread shaped like a ball which is attached to the tip, I name it, Kumorning Star!

Fufufu.

I will hit this on the bee in the air with the physical strength and the power of "Thread Manipulation".

Perhaps, Or more precisely, it won't hit most of the times.

But, it's good.

I just need it to recognize that I'm an enemy.

After that, it should attack me arbitrarily.

It's lucky if I hit it. I succeed if I manage to draw its attention.

After that, I hope that the lost one comes near to the nest.

From yesterday's observation, it should go well because the lost one came to see the state of the nest frequently.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Alleviation LV2』 has become 『Pain Alleviation LV3』》

While waiting, the skill level of "Pain Alleviation" rose.

Huh?

The level rise is considerably slow compared with the "Pain Resistance".

I thought that it will rise to around 5 while I sleep, but it didn't rise that much.

Hmm?

The condition of skill proficiency accumulation is different?

Or, is it that the amount of necessary skill proficiency is different according to the skill?

I don't know.

But, it's clear that the level rose.

The "Pain Alleviation" is surely a skill that relieves pain.

Thanks to that, my backache doesn't hurt much anymore.

The wound on the back is considerably severe.

Though I wrapped the wound with the thread using "Thread Manipulation" on the first day, but a big hole opened splendidly.

If it's a human, this is surely a death wound.

Did I survive because I'm a spider? or because I'm a monster?

Either way, it's a serious wound that's mysterious to be alive.

I thought I was gonna die of the pain when my wound was cleaned with "Thread Manipulation" with the intention to scrape out the thing that seems to be poison.

I need to level up as soon as possible to recover this wound.

If I leave the wound as it is, it will definitely turn worse before long.

Suppuration, Necrosis, Bacterial infection.

Even though I washed it with "Thread Manipulation", I didn't washed it with clean water and it was not disinfected.

I must do something before the symptoms appear.

And then, a chance came.

A lost one is coming here.

There are no other bees around.

When there's another bee, there's a possibility that it will rush towards its comrade's pinch.

Now that I don't have to worry about that, it's the perfect opportunity.

I swing the Kumorning Star.

Concentrate. Concentrate.

Aim well and, There!

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Concentration LV1』》

Ah, it hit.

I acquired a skill at the same time.

Oou.

I never thought that it would hit.

The Kumorning Star that I threw hit the bee's body splendidly.

Without delay, I use "Thread Manipulation" to coil a thread around the bee's body.

I guide the bee that acts violently into the nest.

And make it as a victim of my "Poison Fang".

Un.

It turned out well from the very beginning.

This seems to be a good sign.

Nono.

I must not get carried away.

Because of that, I had a terrible experience.

Let's be modest here.

For the time being, let's have a meal since I manage to step forward to the first step.

Well then, itadakimasu.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

40 Spider vs Bee ③

For the time being, I was able to secure food.

When thinking about the size of the bee's body, I can survive from starvation for a few days.

It's not necessary to worry about my stamina now.

Then, the choices of action increase.

The most realistic one will be keep hunting the bees with the same method until I level up.

I can earn experience steadily and safely rather than exploring.

Another idea is to expand the nest more.

Towards the top.

I don't want to explore the bottom area here.

It's not the problem whether it's possible or not.

No way.

Earth Dragon is scary.

Impossible.

That's why, I want to crawl up back to the original passage.

To do that, I must somehow dodge the bees.

I would become the bee's prey if I climb the wall simply, so I must think about some measures.

Therefore, the idea that I can think of was to extend my nest to the top.

Calling it an idea or just basically bulldozing through.

Un, it's a terrible brute force even if I say so myself.

But, I can't think of another method to return to the top.

Of course, there are various demerits too.

First of all, making the nest consumes a lot of stamina.

Moreover, I need to make the nest to climb the wall to the top unlike the usual one.

Because the situation is different, I don't know how much stamina I will use.

It will become a considerably large-scale nest making and with the bee I have now, my stamina won't last long.

It's necessary to replenish it somehow.

Besides, I might end up fighting against the bee.

Though now I'm overlooked by them, but if I extend my nest upwards, I will be invading the bee's main territory.

It's an airspace violation.

Will those guys overlook me?

The worst, several hundreds will attack and if I'm unlucky, the large army of bees of several thousand will attack all at once. It might become such nightmare-like situation.

As expected, the nest won't be able to defend against such a number.

What I should be cautious of is not only the bee.

At present, there's no other monster except the bee that enter the bottom of this pit.

Only the snake and Earth Dragon at the beginning.

But, if that Earth Dragon appears suddenly....

Although I hide in the rock shade last time, I will stand out if I expand my nest.

It's the end if it's curious about it.

Even now, I'm still scared that the Earth Dragon might come or not.

That's why, if I succeed, I can escape from this very dangerous zone, but the risk of the strategy is high.

But, I don't have any other choice.

Perhaps, there's one but it didn't come into my mind.

Therefore, I resolved myself and start making the nest!

First of all, the foundation.

At first, to build a house, I must make a strong foundation.

It's not an exaggeration to say that the result of the house is decided by the foundation.

A rock suitable for such a foundation is here!

The first rock which I escaped to.

The rock enshrined close to the wall having the height around 7 meters and the width around 5 meters. It's considerably large.

I will make this rock as the foundation and expand the nest.

The completed nest is made between this rock and the wall and a little protruded sideways.

First of all, I block the gap between the rock and the wall on the other side.

And I attach a thread to the wall diagonally from the top of the rock.

I connect the rock and the wall with that thread as a core.

With this, the foundation is completed.

After that, I just need to expand the nest to the top slowly.

Recovering stamina by eating the bee and continue working.

On the middle of working, the group of bees looked here several times, but as expected, it didn't attack.

It seems that I'm still in the range that can be overlooked.

I stopped the work on this day after I finished eating the bee and I went to sleep.

Fifth day.

I think that the pain has softened somehow.

HP is as usual, still 6.

My skill level of the "Pain Alleviation" didn't increase while I was sleeping because I didn't recover.

It's probably so.

It's wonderful that there are few pains.

After all, thanks to "Pain Nullity", I was able to move without any problems, but as expected, there's a huge difference between there's pain and there's no pain.

No, it's not like the pain has gone completely and my wound was not cured yet.

It's quite comfortable.

Because I never suffered such a serious wound before when I was a human.

The most painful experience I had when I was a human was when my little toe hit the corner of the door.

That was painful.

But, I can't compare it with the serious wound on my back.

The work advances smoothly because I'm in a good mood.

In the middle, a lost one came close.

But, the group is relatively near too.

Fumu.

With the meaning of experiment, I will meddle with the lost one.

Whether the group will react for the lost one or not.

If the group reacts, I will withdraw immediately deep into the nest.

If it doesn't react, I will go as it is.

I swing the Kumorning Star.

That reminds me, the skill called "Concentration" that I acquired previously, is it a skill that only increase the ability to concentrate?

Well, it won't have great effects in level 1 and even if it has a different effect, I just leave it if I can't use it.

Concentrate. Concentrate.

The concentration is disturbed when I was thinking of "Concentration". What is this!

I aim well and, Here!

Ah, it hit.

E, ehh?

Isn't that amazing?

Though I thought I can't hit it, it has hit 2 times in a row.

In a physical fitness test of softball throw, me, who got the lowest score in my school year.

Oops, I was surprised and I didn't see the movement of the group.

The group was there.

Fumu.

No movement.

So there's no counterattack even if I attack a lost one.

Aren't they heartless?

Or is it that it can't live in the wild if it's not that strict?

Well, either way, it's convenient that it doesn't attack.

With this, I can hunt the lost one without reserve.

I recover the bee that I caught with an overjoyed face.

I finish it off with my "Poison Fang".

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here are some skill names (Suggest if you have a better one):

投擲 = Throw

命中 = Hit (Accuracy might be better)

Changes made in this chapter:

Solid → Sturdy

Overeating → Gluttony

Changed Gluttony → Overeating.

41 I achieved the desired level up!

When I hunted the lost one many times, I heard the voice.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV2 has become LV3》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Powerful LV1』 has become 『Powerful LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Sturdy LV1』 has become 『Sturdy LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV1』 has become 『Overeating LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

The moment of the long-awaited level up came.

The skin peels off completely from my body.

I understood that the hole on my back has closed in the sense that I can't express it at all.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Automatic HP Recovery LV1』》

Eh?

Seriously?

Oou.

This is unexpected.

I mean, will the complete recovery by level up become automatic recovery?

I'm very happy, but I wanted it a little earlier.

If I have it, I won't have such a hard time.

No, that's really luxurious.

I should be happy that I have leveled up and the anxiety of the future has disappeared now.

Actually, it was considerably dangerous.

Finally, my HP has begun to decrease.

When my HP decreased from 6 to 5, I don't felt alive.

After that, it decreased slowly and it decreased to 3 just before the level up.

It was really dangerous.

I suppressed my flustered heart, and it was worth to devote myself in hunting lost one.

The lost one hunting went well.

Unlike the first expectation, the long-distance attack of the Kumorning Star hits every time.

That's surprising.

Is this also a technique that the spider's body can do?

Moreover, I don't know it's thanks to that or not, but I manage to acquire the 『Throw』 and 『Hit』 skills at level 1 respectively.

I think that both are skills that has raising effect.

In addition, 3 skills rose in this level up.

Only those that has unknown effects, but now that it has level up, that means that it accumulates skill proficiency somewhere. There's a possibility that I enjoyed its benefit unconsciously.

There's no disadvantage of it, so it should be a good thing.

However, I'm slightly uneasy about "Overeating".

I made the nest and hunt the lost one. With that many chance to use the "Spider Thread" and "Thread Manipulation", both skills also leveled up.

"Spider Thread" is level 8 and "Thread Manipulation" is level 5.

The "Thread Manipulation" is more useful than I thought.

It became level 5,and the speed and the precision that I could manipulate rose considerably.

I was right to take this skill.

The "Pain Alleviation" also rose to level 5.

Thanks to that, it was considerably comfortable halfway.

The strong point of this skill is of course not feeling pain and even if I don't feel pain, I can know that the condition is dangerous.

The pain is the signal conveying the danger, so there's a meaning on it.

When it disappears, the feeling of danger will disappear. However, in the case of this skill, the pain can't be feel, but I can understand accurately the depth of the wound and how dangerous the wound is.

It's difficult to put it in words because it's intuitive, a feeling of irritation from the wound or, how should I put it. Anyway, I understand it well that it's a different feeling from the pain.

Thanks to that, there's no demerit of not feeling pain.

Well, the pain is not completely gone yet because it is still level 5.

Now that I have leveled up, let's see how much my status has changed.

『Small Taratect　LV3　No name

Status

ＨＰ：３８／３８（Green）

ＭＰ：３８／３８（Blue）

ＳＰ：３８／３８（Yellow）

：３８／３８（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２１

Average Defensive Ability：２１

Average Magic Ability：１９

Average Resistance Ability：１９

Average Speed Ability：３６９』

Hohou.

HP, MP, SP, Offensive ability and Defensive ability increase by 2 each while Magic and Resistance ability increase by 1 each.

And then, Speed, what are you?

It should be 348 previously, so it went up by 21?

Isn't is strange?

Isn't it that there's too much difference with the other status that rose modestly?

Why is it that the increase of the offensive ability and defensive ability are the same?

The magic and resistance can overtake it in 1 level....

(１レベルの上昇分がそのまま攻撃力と防御力の数値と同じってどういうことよ？

魔法と抵抗に至っては１レベルで抜かれるんですけど…。TL note : not too sure about this 2 sentences)

Impossible.

Well, let's overlook the awful status offset.

Now.

I was able to recover completely by level up, so it's possible for me to challenge with full strength aiming towards escaping.

After all, the work became slow because there's a wound, and I also had to be cautious.

From now on, I will hunt lost one steadily and extend the nest while securing stamina.

Now, the nest extends to around a quarter of the goal.

It's still long ahead.

The bees still haven't attack me yet, but I don't know how long that will last.

When thinking so, it's necessary to make the nest while keeping its strength to endure the attack of the bees.

Though it's necessary, this is quite difficult.

After all, it's different from making it on the ground, extending the nest upwards becomes harder the more I climb up.

It's necessary to extend the thick thread from the rock that is the foundation to become a prop and I must also bind it with the thread to fix the prop.

Because this is only a quarter, the difficulty of the work rises more and more if I climb up.

Still, I must do it.

I don't know when will the Earth Dragon appears suddenly again.

Before that happens, I must escape from here by any means.

The worst case, I might have to abandon my nest and charge taking the advantage of my speed.

It's considerably disadvantageous, but I will surely die as it is. At times like this, I have no choice but to do it.

Let's do my best in making the nest to avoid that situation.

I touched the status notation. How about this?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

42 Spider vs Bee ④

Finally, the time has come.

『Finjegoath　LV6　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

『Finjegoath　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

『High Finjegoath　LV1　Failed to appraise its status』

One of the groups of bees are flying in the air right in front of me.

The atmosphere is obviously different from the usual wait-and-see.

They certainly considered me as an enemy and have the intention to fight.

The nest has reached around half of my goal.

Since I’ve come this far, the bees look a little different now, it seems that they can’t afford to leave me alone any longer.

Although, it's only one group.

Am I being underestimated, or are these guys just a scouting party to check me out?

Anyway, don’t think that you can beat the one who made this nest with only 1 group.

I prepare my Kumorning Star.

Even though the nest was made in the shape of a net, there’s still a gap to throw the Kumorning Star from inside.

The gap is around two and a half meters, so the bee can’t invade the nest due to its size.

Although they can’t break through the web, I can attack as much as I like from within it.

Well, they can fly away from this place at anytime, so I guess it’s a draw.

The two level five’s charge in.

Fun. (　ふん。)

Even if the two of you charge in at the same time, my nest won’t give an inch.

The skill level of "Spider Thread" is 8.

I was proud of my thread’s amazing durability even when it was low level, but now with each level its sturdiness just keeps improving.

Just as I thought, the two bees rammed the surface of my nest and their bodies were caught by the unyielding threads.

Although they had large builds and performed their attacks with great speed, my nest didn’t receive any damage at all.

Literally, it didn't even vibrate.

My nest’s stretchy thread has outrageous durability, and it’s elastic enough to absorb the impact like rubber.

The thread expands and contracts to release the impact to some extent when it is burdened.

The bees’ ramming attack didn’t even reach that extent.

In other words, that’s all they have.

My nest didn’t need to release the shock, it simply endured their offensive ability due to its durability.

It’s not that the bees’ ramming attacks were particularly poor.

Although it’s something I understood by observing, these bees, they are considerably strong.

Even snakes were included among the monsters that the bees brought back.

One-sided attacks from the air, attacks with their stingers, and attacks from their great physique.

Normally, these all are considerable threats.

They can launch preemptive strikes freely because usually enemy attacks won’t reach them in the air.

Well, that’s why they’re weak against anti-air attacks.

I think that it’s thanks to the bees not being cautious that my Kumorning Star has been infallible.

That’s why, bees are a powerful enemy if you fight them normally.

Yes, if one were to fight normally.

My trump card though, my home, is not normal.

Abnormal defensive ability, abnormal binding force, and abnormal besieging potential.

I bet that the bees have never seen such strategy before.

Because the trump card of this creature that’s called a spider is that it has human intellect.

I neglect the two bees that were caught in my nest.

I throw my Kumorning Star towards the remaining three that still couldn’t comprehend the current situation.

The leader bee received the Kumorning Star directly without having a chance to avoid it.

If I were to aim, the first target should be the leader.

It cleanly hits. Due to the centrifugal force and the fall power, the leader bee’s body strikes the bottom of the nest.

With this, the elimination of the leader is complete.

The remaining two stiffen, not knowing what to do without their leader.

They’re good targets.

I dispose of the higher level one first with my Kumorning Star.

Then, the remaining bee returned to its senses at last, but its response was poor.

Although I don't know whether it's aiming to recover from this hopeless situation or not, it carried out a ramming attack on me.

Did it not understand what happened to the two of them previously?

Well, such a desperate attack could never reach me. The last bee crashed into the nest tragically and it stopped moving.

Disappointing.

The terrifying bees that I met when I fell no longer had the means to defeat me once I made my nest.

When thinking that my nest is unaffected at all by their ramming attacks, it seems that no matter how many of them come, none of them will be able to reach me.

It was proven that the defensive ability of my nest is high.

In a game, if their defense is too high, they won’t receive any damage from a small fry.

That logic held true with my nest and the bees.

In my imagination, I thought that if the nest received attacks, then it should receive enough damage for me to at least repair it.

There are still about 100 worthless bees flying in the air.

At first, I felt fear for the violence of that number, but now, the story changes because I understand that the nest can't be broken through under any circumstance.

Even if there are hundreds or thousands of you, your stingers won't reach me if you can't break through the nest.

It looks like the probability of escaping is very high.

I pleasantly deliver the decisive blow on the bees that I caught and I began to act.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Change back Gluttony → Overeating.

Also going to change it on chapter 41 too.

43 Spider vs Earth Dragon.........Eh?

After repulsing the first group without difficulty, I was attacked by the bees continuously.

I was able to annihilate the second group without any problem, but after that was a problem.

Multiple groups came to attack me at the same time.

Nai wa. (No way)

No, it's a right thing to do from the viewpoint of the bee.

As for being the attacked side, I prefer that they don't come in such large quantities.

Even if it's safe inside the nest, there's a feeling of pressure.

Being surrounded by bees flying around and buzzing constantly. What's this situation?

I sigh while looking around the surroundings.

As far as I can see, bee, bee, bee.

Really, what are you?

When this much gathers here, the buzzing sound is staggering.

It's very noisy.

I can't sleep because it's too noisy.

In addition, if I kill this much dutifully, I won't be able to eat all of it.

Although it might be thanks to the skill "Overeating" that I can eat more than before, there's still a limit to it.

Each one of them is already huge, getting 5 in a group is too much.

Thanks to that, it made my skill level of "Overeating" rise to 3.

The thing that I'm troubled the most is that the expansion of the nest is delayed due to the bees.

My first objective is to escape from here.

Not to accompany the bee.

And yet, the bees attacked continuously, causing the work to make no progress.

If only they never attacked me. I have already secured enough food, so they should just leave me alone.

Well, they don't know such circumstances.

I have no choice but to make progress during the intervals of the attacks.

When it's being this cautious, it's already a suicidal act to leave from the nest.

It seems impossible to use my speed advantage to charge.

Even if my speed is 369, I can't display much power on the vertical wall and I can see the future that I got stabbed by the bees while climbing.

Ah, damn it.

I don't want to slow down here.

I don't know when that Earth Dragon will appear suddenly.

The Earth Dragon, suddenly?

Suddenly, a terrible chill ran.

What's this?

This is dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous, dangerous!!!

I don't want to see it.

Although I don't want to see it, I must see it.

『Earth Dragon Alaba　LV31　Failed to appraise its status』

The guy that I feared, came.

Moreover, it's looking at my nest.

W-what should I do?

No, I can't do anything.

It's impossible to do something.

There's no way I can do something against 'that'.

The only thing I can do is to pray that it will overlook me.

Such prayer was scattered.

The Earth Dragon opens its mouth.

Speaking of the greatest weapon of the dragon, it's definitely a breath attack.

A thunderous roar sounded.

A blast whirled up.

A vortex of destruction raged.

I don't know what happened exactly.

Although I don't know, only this becomes clear.

My nest disappeared together with the large rock that was made as a foundation.

Let alone the large rock, the wall at the back hollowed greatly.

A big crack ran on the remote wall from the center of explosion.

Moreover, the rock separates from the wall steadily.

Literally, collapsing.

As for my nest, more than half vanished at a blow.

The remaining upper part also broke after swallowed up by the collapsing wall.

I was in the upper part.

Perhaps, I avoided the direct hit of the attack that seemed to be a breath.

I fall together with the surrounding webs.

I struck the ground without being able to do anything.

Ouch.

HP decreased completely.

But, I'm still alive.

Although I'm alive, I don't know what's going to happen after this.

All depends on the Earth Dragon.

I'm covered in the webs.

Even though it's my own thread, I will still stick to it if I touch the adhesive part.

But, such a thing is not a problem now.

This might be lucky.

My body is covered in the bunch of threads, so I can't be seen from the outside.

A falling rock also won't hit me directly.

It might overlook me if I continue to hide here.

Having light expectation, I hold my breath.

I somehow manage to suppress my body that's trembling with fear.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Fear Resistance LV1』》

The tremble somewhat calmed down.

Still, it's scary.

My body trembles helplessly.

It's scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary, scary!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV2』 has become 『Stealth LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV1』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV3』 has become 『Stealth LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV2』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Automatic HP Recovery LV1』 has become 『Automatic HP Recovery LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV3』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV4』 has become『Stealth LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV4』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV5』》

The voice of heaven pulled back my consciousness.

Or, it might be thanks to the "Fear Resistance" that level up at a stretch while I'm trembling.

I don't know how long I have hid myself here.

Judging from the way of the skill level up, I understand that I hold my breath for a considerably long time.

Although I thought that I can check the stamina to know the time, the stamina didn't decrease for some reason.

I strip off the thread that coil around my body with "Thread Manipulation".

It's understood that the "Spider Thread" property can be changed to some extent if I matched it with "Thread Manipulation".

I decrease the adhesion and remove it from my body.

I crawl out from the bunch of threads slowly.

The Earth Dragon was not there anymore.

I was saved.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

44 Escape from despair

I survived.

I savor the joy in it.

I'm alive. What a wonderful thing.

Despair in my heart gradually erodes while I was thinking so.

What should I do from now on?

The nest was destroyed.

Completely destroyed.

I glance at the site of the attack that seemed to be a breath.

A huge crater was created on the wall there.

Haha.

It's funny.

Why is there a crater on the wall?

Isn't it that a crater is made when a meteorite falls to the ground?

Why is such a thing created on the vertical wall?

Moreover, this even penetrate the large rock.

It's funny, right?

Although I'm dumbfounded and defenseless, the bees never attack me.

Those guys might be scared of the Earth Dragon too.

Well, it's an overwhelming existence after all.

It's inevitable to be afraid of it.

Even I'm scared.

Really, what should I do from now on?

It's possible to break through the bees and return to the original passage.

This is only possible if I ignore the Earth Dragon.

This time, I was able to survive luckily.

However, if the same thing happens again, I don't think I can survive.

I think that the movement of the Earth Dragon shows that it clearly recognize the nest as a troublesome thing.

Otherwise, there's no way it will shoot such an attack.

In other words, the act to make a nest is more likely to be glared by the Earth Dragon in the future.

Then, I can't make the nest.

Or perhaps I should say that I can't do such thing because I'm scared.

My heart has already been broken.

I don't want to do something that can infuriate the Earth Dragon.

Even if it was a misunderstanding that the Earth Dragon break my nest without any great meaning.

Because it's an existence like that, there's a possibility that it attacked with that degree of recognition.

However, for the weak me, either way, the result won't change.

I will die if I come across the Earth Dragon.

That's all.

I succeeded in evading it twice.

I was blessed with good luck twice.

But, I don't think it's only good luck.

Did it not notice me who hid all the time?

I think so.

I want to think so.

Otherwise, I won't have the thing to rely on.

My only way to survive.

I will hide earnestly and somehow escape from this Earth Dragon's biosphere.

This is the only way.

The skill I can rely on is "Stealth".

Although I thought that it didn't seemed useful when I acquired it, it's my lifeline now.

The skill level is 5.

To be frank, it's slightly unreliable.

But, I must do it.

I strengthened my determination.

First, I need to confirm where the Earth Dragon left to.

I observe the ground.

The footprint of the Earth Dragon was left there grandly.

I look at the destination where the footprint of the Earth Dragon went to.

There's a large passage.

The Earth Dragon is ahead of it.

I'm tense knowing that alone.

I advance towards the opposite passage of the one the Earth Dragon left to.

It's obvious.

Who the hell will go to the direction same as the Earth Dragon.

I don't know where this path leads to.

To be frank, I think that I should ignore my feelings and climb the pit.

But, it's impossible after all.

Not a reason, just that my heart refuses it.

I advance carefully and slowly while hiding myself.

I come to want the best stealth weapon that is the cardboard.

Fuu.

Did I calmed down a little?

That reminds me that my HP decreased considerably when I fell, but now, it's already fully recovered.

Thanks to the "Automatic HP Recovery".

I should have used my skill points on this instead of "Detect".

Well, it was good that I was able to acquire it by myself.

I didn't have time to confirm it a while ago, but how fast is the recovery?

Since it's still in low level, it shouldn't be able to recover rapidly, but it should be all right to neglect small wounds.

Ah, and the one I'm bothered with is that the red total stamina which is the SP didn't decrease.

Why didn't it decrease?

Since it never happen before, there must be some conditions that stop the decrease, but I don't know what it is.

Don't tell me that the stamina is actually decreasing but it's not displayed in the status because it's bugged?

I don't want to run out of stamina suddenly.

No, I believe in Appraisal-san?

I believe that you're a child who can do it?

I believe in it, but when I think about the rate of getting betrayed....

I really believe in it?

(TL note: She keeps ending this few sentences with a ?. So I just translate as it is)

The "Appraisal" might level up soon.

It's been quite long since the previous level up and I keep using "Appraisal" all the time.

When thinking about the large progress after reaching level 6, I can have expectations on the next level up.

I would be grateful if I can see the skills.

It's considerably inconvenient to not know the effect of the skills.

In addition, among the unknown effect skills, there might be one that can overturn the current situation.

I think that I expect it too much, but it might be able to slightly improve the current situation.

I want even a little advantage for me to escape from this hopeless situation.

Is there any skill that can know the enemy's location?

If there is, then I can advance while confirming the Earth Dragon's position.

Although "Detect" can be used, it won't help.

I want a map too.

I don't even know whether this path leads to a safe place or not.

Perhaps, there's a possibility that I'm going directly into a more dangerous area.

If that happens, will I die?

Anyway, I have no choice but to believe in my bad luck.

Please, let this path lead to a place safer than now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here's the third chapter of the day.

45 Elro Great Labyrinth Lower Layer

The path I advance is considerably wide.

Well, even the bee about 2.5 meters in length can fly freely and also the huge mantis that has the length around 5 meters can move freely in this passage.

『Elro Gresguard　LV7　Failed to appraise its status』(エルローグレシガード)

The huge mantis intercepts the swarm of bees with the sickles on its hands.

Unlike the ordinary mantis, it has six arms.

It's like the Asura.

Although the bees tries attack it from the air, the bees can't step into the attack range of the sickle easily. The progress of the battle is in stalemate.

I observe the situation while hiding in the rock shade.

Neither of them have noticed my existence.

The "Stealth" demonstrated its effect more than I thought.

I appraise it more while peeping stealthily.

『Elro Gresguard：The mantis-type monster that inhabit in the Elro Great Labyrinth Lower Layer. It's skillful in using powerful physical attacks with the sickle』

Ah, one of the bees was bisected by the sickle.

Uwa, cut into two by a blow, that's a great sharpness.

If it's that sharp, it might be able to cut my threads too.

Well, it looks like it didn't notice me yet, so I should pass through here quietly.

Or rather, there's a word that can't be ignored in the "Appraisal" result again.

『Elro Great Labyrinth Lower Layer：The area located between the middle layer and the bottom layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. Countless powerful monsters inhabit here』

Hee, is that so?

So, here's the lower layer.

I mean there's even a bottom layer.

There are a lot of powerful monsters.

....I might not want to know about this.

By the way, although I tried appraise the middle layer and bottom layer, the result that I got was 『The middle layer』 and 『The layer located at the most bottom in the thing that has the layer』 because the word was not connected with the "Elro".

It's useless.

However, it looks like there's another layer underneath when I thought that here is the bottom layer.

No matter how I imagine about it, the bottom layer must be crowded with very powerful monsters.

No matter what, it's the bottom layer of the world's largest labyrinth.

Speaking of dungeon, the lower you go, the stronger the enemy becomes. If this lower layer is a place full of powerful monsters, then the imagination doesn't seemed to be a mistake.

Monsters of the Earth Dragon class might be all over the place.

It's terrifying just to imagine it.

However, that.

The area where I came from is probably the upper layer.

It should be connected to the surface because it was an area where human can enter.

Then, the exit might be unexpectedly near too.

Ah, although I avoided humans and acted, would it be better if I run after the footprints?

But, even if I run after it and go outside, I'm in this figure.

After all, even if I get out of this labyrinth, as long as I'm a spider, I have no choice but to live my life hunting as a monster.

No, now's not the time for it.

At any rate, I must escape from this lower layer.

Even if I escape from the lower layer, there's still the middle layer.

In the first place, I don't even know whether this path leads to the middle layer or not.

I want to refrain from going to the bottom layer.

Ah, another bee got killed again.

I say, this is the bee's defeat.

Mantis is strong.

Isn't that clearly stronger than the snake?

This is strange. The snake should have been a boss character in my recognition.

Although it can't be compared with the Earth Dragon, isn't it that the mantis is also considerably strong?

The snake's ranking in me drops rapidly.

Isn't it that the snake is not so strong in this lower layer?

Well, it's still early to judge it.

It might be that the mantis is just too strong.

I also thought that before.

After bisecting the third bee, something unexpected happened to the mantis.

Its body was bitten by the fangs of a huge spider that appeared suddenly.

Ha?

Nono.

Seriously?

『Greater Taratect　LV18　Failed to appraise its status』

Wow.

My super-evolution form.

Seriously?

『Greater Taratect：The evolution form of the spider-type monster of the Taratect species. Carnivorous and has powerful poison in its fang』

Oou.

I will become like that if I keep evolving.

Although it's still small if it's compared with the super-huge spider which is my mother, it still has around 10 meters in length.

The mantis looks small.

I mean it killed the mantis only with the fangs without using threads?

How can it be that strong in physical ability?

My highest increase in status is only 21.

How many times I need to evolve to be like that?

For now, I need to run away quietly before it notice me.

There's no way I can win against such thing.

Un, but now, I understood it well.

This lower layer is dangerous.

What's dangerous?

As what can be seen! (見たまんまだよ！TL note: not too sure here)

There are a lot of enemies here at a doubtful level whether I can win or not even if I make a nest.

Seriously, it's the matter where "Stealth" is really my lifeline.

(マジで私の生命線が隠密だよりな件。TL note: don't know about this)

Were I hasty?

Should I have forced my way through the bees as it is?

But, at present, I didn't felt any sense of danger like the Earth Dragon.

In addition, there's monster that can defeat the bees too, so it's not absolutely impossible.

Although the mantis and the large spider seem to be strong, it might go well if it's a different monster.

Well, if there's a monster that seems to be good, I will turn it into food. Other than that, I will go with the basic "Stealth".

At present, the red total stamina gauge still haven't decrease.

If I believe in this display, it not necessary to get impatient, and I should deliberately confirm my prey and act.

I don't want to do something careless that can draw a dangerous guy of the Earth Dragon class.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

46 Survival of the fittest, or so I thought, but....

Moving stealthily.

I observe the battle of the other monsters while escaping in haste.

Gee, the lower layer is terrifying.

(いやー、下層パないわ。TL note: can't think of any word to build this sentence)

The mantis which I though who's very strong, it's only around the mid-level in here.

This place is a treasure house of monster with monsters like the large spider that ate the mantis, the lion with wings and the serpent that looks like the snake's evolution form.

Nai wa. (No way)

I moved while hiding so that I won't be discovered by those guys. At present, I manage to go past it somehow without being discovered.

Well, it's the end when I'm discovered.

And then, my red total stamina gauge began to decrease because I endured to sleep and continued to move.

In the end, I still don't know why it didn't decrease, but finally, a time limit has been displayed.

It's necessary to eat before this numerical value of 38 runs out.

However, because there no suitable target for me to kill, I decided to sleep on that day.

To be frank.

I was not able to sleep.

That's obvious.

Up until now, I will make a simple home and sleep within it so that it's safe when I'm sleeping.

However, when thinking that sleeping safely in such a monster house, a simple home is just not enough.

I have to make a home firmly, but if I do that, I would stand out. I don't want to stand out that much.

In other words, the Earth Dragon is scary.

If I make a nest firmly, the Earth Dragon might chase after me.

Eh, persecution complex?

How should I know?

Earth Dragon is scary, seriously scary.

Nono.

Therefore, I slept without making a home for the first time in life.

I was very uneasy.

I never know that sleeping outside the home makes me feel so helpless.

I doze off, woke up by the sounds, and I doze off again.

Just like that, I was unable to sleep soundly.

Next time, I should make a simple home as a temporary peace of mind.

Although I can still endure, if the lack of sleep continues as it it, I feel that something is going to happen someday.

Well, I think that it's somewhat okay because my average sleeping hours is only 4 hours in my previous life.

Well, the sleep is like that, but the problem is the meal.

I must somehow get a meal in this monster house.

Even though I become determined, it looks like I can somehow get the meal.

Because there's a food that can be obtained easily.

I thought of it before.

The strength of the monsters here are unusual.

But, among these strong monsters, there are also monsters that looks relatively weak which I saw before in the upper layer.

The snake is also one of those species.

I never thought that the day that I will say that the snake is weak would come.

Well, therefore, I'm interested in what those weak monsters eat.

After all, the weak can only be eaten.

Such a thing is obvious in a world of survival of the fittest.

Up until now, the trend of this dungeon is exactly that.

Still, these guys are relatively sneaking around.

The bee must have made such weak monsters their main target.

And, as a result of observing such weak monsters, I understood that there's a certain common point in these guys.

All of them have poison.

This is what you called to see the light.

Because I was born with "Poison Resistance", I didn't mind eating it. But, normally, a person won't eat poison.

Even though it's weak, monsters without "Poison Resistance" won't eat them willingly because they have poison.

Then, I might be overlooked for such a reason even if I'm discovered.

Although I say that, it's better to stay hidden, so I should keep on sneaking around.

I understood that those weak monsters mainly eat two things.

One is other weak monsters.

This is the main.

A weak guy fights with another weak guy.

I think that I should kill it with a surprise attack if there's a chance after confirming that there are no strong monsters nearby.

One more is this is what the weak monsters eat when there's no other choices.

『Elro Gereish　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

The appearance of that guy is a flat black insect.

However, in my image, it looks more like a snail.

Those guys stick to the labyrinth's wall and creep slowly.

The appearance is just like a snail.

Let's call it the snail insect.

There's a lot of snail insect in this lower layer.

When the wall enters the sight, at least one of them can be seen.

It is a lot to that extent.

I thought about it shallowly that why the other monsters never eat it even though there's so much of it.

Yes, I was shallow.

After I had resolved myself more, it was necessary to confront this guy.

I can't even regret it even if I want.

I noticed it after eating it that eating this guy is really the last resort.

Yes, I ate this guy.

I have eaten it.

I pull it off from the wall with the threads and kill it easily with "Poison Fang" without knowing this guy's true terror.

I want to warn my past self who said 'itadakimasu' leisurely.

It was really unappetizing.

That's not the taste of the world anymore.

After being reborn to a spider, I have ate various strange things, but that is a no.

It was unappetizing to the extent that my HP even decrease.

That's absolutely not a food.

Somehow my "Corrosion Resistance" rose, but it's not a good thing if I think with common sense.

If there's no belief that I shouldn't leave leftovers, I will never finish eating it.

That's why, the food can be obtained immediately.

But, it comes along with an intense pain.

Well, starve to death and death after eating an unappetizing thing. If I were to pick which one that I hate, I would say dying.

Let's eat the snail insect again when it's really hopeless.

... Though I will pray that it won't happen as much as possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 47.

I have made some changes in the skills in S6. Check it out here if you haven't.

Here are some names:

毒術師 = Poison Technique User

毒合成 = Poison Synthesis

47 Poison poison

Today, I'm moving stealthily again.

Although the labyrinth zone in the upper layer has a lot of forked road, this passage is a straight road all this time.

It's good that I won't get lost, but if this passage leads to the bottom layer, will I be able to return?

Ah, let's put away the unpleasant imagination.

It surely leads to the middle layer!

Let's believe so!

Well then, the red gauge will decrease soon.

Though I ate the snail insect last time, I want to make it as the last resort.

Although there are several of them moving slowly on the wall, I don't think I want to eat it willingly.

With that taste, other monsters won't be eager to eat it.

That's why, I want to find a normal meal somehow while the gauge still have time.

Let's put away whether the monsters with poison are normal or not.

Well, I have eaten a lot of monsters with poison.

It's that guy now.

I didn't think that I want to eat something delicious.

...I miss the cup noodles.

Now then, front, all clear!

Rear, all clear!

No dangers around!

Yosh yosh.

『Elro Randanel　LV8　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV7　Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Randanel　LV7　Failed to appraise its status』

It's the three intimate friend monsters that appeared before my eyes.

These guys really comes in 3 anywhere and anytime.

However, should I say it's as expected from the lower layer, their level is quite high.

If I assume that evolution occurs at level 10, then, that level 8 guy might be able to evolve soon.

Well, such future will never come.

I go around to their rear stealthily.

And here, the appearance of the new weapon, Cast Net!

Eh, it's just as its name?

Who cares. It's not like I can think of an exquisite name every time.

Even though I grinned when I thought of the Kumorning Star.

I would be troubled if that quality is demanded every time.

Therefore, Cast Net, go!

Don't think that it's just a mere cast net.

This new weapon, un, it's a little lonely without a name, ah, explanation?

Yeah, yeah. This guy, even though it becomes a lump immediately after throwing it, the moment it reaches the target, a cobweb spreads and wraps it's target!

This is made delicately with the dream combo of the "Spider Thread" and "Thread Manipulation".

The three monsters are wrapped in the net without being able to do anything.

Hahaha.

Big catch, big catch!

Now, I just need to kill them with my "Poison Fang" as usual.

Hai, chomp!

《Conditions met. Title 『Poison Technique User』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Poison Technique User』, skill 『Poison Synthesis LV1』『Poison Magic LV1』 was acquired》

Oh?

Ooh?

I get a title!

Is it poison? It is poison!

No, finally, after I have been using poison all this time since I was born.

Isn't it hard to acquire this title?

I mean, the titles I have acquired up until now, all of the conditions are considerably strict.

Is the title that difficult to acquire?

Well, I acquired it so it's fine.

And the skills are "Poison Synthesis" and "Poison Magic".

The "Poison Magic" is as usual, I don't know how to use it, so I'm leaving it as it is.

My magic increased again.

As for the "Poison Synthesis", I don't know what kind of effect it has.

"Poison Synthesis", does it mean I can make poison?

However, because I'm a spider, poison is made involuntarily.

Nono.

For the time being, let's postpone the verification of the skills.

First of all, I must kill the remaining two quickly.

Therefore, I bite them with "Poison Fang".

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV7』 has become 『Poison Fang LV8』》

Oh?

Ooh?

Oooh?

Is today the poison day?

Good good.

If I assume that level 10 is the highest, isn't level 8 a considerably deadly poison?

It was quite effective against the bee that should have poison in it.

This one is more pleasant than acquiring the title.

Yosh.

I carry the dead three monsters to the shade of a rock.

Ugu, with my weak status, carrying 3 at once is tough.

It might be better if I carry it one by one.

Huh?

Didn't I do the same thing previously?

At that time, didn't I regret that I should have carry it one by one?

Hmm?

I don't remember!

I don't remember such past!

It's not that my memory is bad!

There's no such past!

Okay!?

Yosh.

For the time being, let's try "Poison Synthesis" while eating.

Even if I say so, I don't know how to use it, so I should just try pray silently.

Thus, I whisper and pray silently, "Poison Synthesis"!

Something appear when I pray silently.

It's the feeling that an image is displayed in the head like the "Appraisal".

『Poison Synthesis Menu』

『Weak Poison』

『Spider Poison LV8』

What's this?

Ah, but it's displayed in this way, so "Appraisal" should work.

『Poison Synthesis Menu：Poison can be synthesized』

『Weak Poison：Very weak poison』

『Spider Poison LV8：Lethal poison secreted by the spider. LV8 is very powerful』

Fumu.

"Spider Poison" is my original poison.

And, perhaps, the "Poison Synthesis" level 1 can only make weak poison.

I select weak poison for trial.

A ball of water rose in front of me and it drops to the ground and forms a puddle.

Oops.

Is this the pattern where there must be a container?

I appraise the puddle just in case.

『Puddle of Weak Poison』

Un.

It seems to be weak poison.

I see.

In other words, this "Poison Synthesis" skill can create poison without any material.

Although it seems convenient for a human, I'm a spider.

It might be useful depending on how I use it.

Un.

Producing poison with no cost is surely great.

Ah, no, wait a minute?

My MP has decrease.

It's not for free.

Ah, the doubtful degree increased at a stretch.

Although the poison that can be synthesize might increase when a level rises, I can already make powerful poison that is called the "Spider Poison".

I don't feel the charm from it.

But, it's good that there's use to it.

It's entirely better than the annihilation of magic-related skills.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

48 Forked, road?

I continued advancing on the straight path and finally, finally, I reached it!

A forked road!

Road?

Un.

A needlessly big space spreads out before my eyes.

It's that, I mean the road is forked, or perhaps I should say, the road spreads out, or rather, the road disappeared.

If you ask me how wide is it, I can't see the other side even though I have "Night Vision" in this darkness.

Err.

Which way should I go?

Up until now, I haven’t worried about getting lost because there was only a single straight path, but now in this empty wide space, I’m troubled.

It's like I have entered a desert.

It's quite terrifying that I don't know where I should go.

If I'm not mistaken, when walking for a long time with no change in scenery, a person will unconsciously advance in an arc and eventually, return to where they started from.

Still, I don't think it will happen with a spider's body, but I really don't know which way I should go.

Speaking of things that could be used as landmarks, there are only rock pillars here and there.

They all look the same, so none of them can be used as landmarks because they don’t have any distinct features.

Because there are snail insects everywhere, even in the worst case, I won't starve to death. However, I don't think I will be able to realize that I'm lost even if I'm lost.

Well, let's go back to the basics of labyrinth capture and advance along the wall.

As usual, I advance along the right wall.

However, it sure is wide.

The width span is amazing.

In addition, it’s also quite tall.

The ceiling supported by the rock pillar seems to be around 100 meters in height.

A towering height.

Thanks to that, there's no feeling of being locked up even though I'm inside the dungeon.

How should I say it, although it's full of rock, there's still the magnificence of nature.

When I'm in here, I understand well how small my existence is.

In my previous life, there was a TV program that showed the world's unexplored region.

To be honest, I was not impressed by such a thing that time.

For me, the beautiful scenery shown in the screen was just a totally irrelevant story of a distant world.

There were no feelings like excitement, just indifference.

Why I watched that program is a mystery.

But, I'm here now.

This is the world I live in.

It's not irrelevant.

I can't be indifferent.

Being impressed by the place where I currently am, when I was a human that would have been unimaginable.

In addition, I also think that I wouldn’t have been able to do it if I only stayed indoors in the nest called my home.

With such significance, I might have to thank that pyromaniac human who dragged me to the outside world.

Ah, I feel irritated when I recall it.

No, it's not alright.

Like I can thank such a guy.

The next time I meet him, I will wrap him with my threads, drag him into the dungeon, and finally, finish him off with "Poison Fang".

Fuu.

I remembered something unpleasant.

I should look at the magnificence of this dungeon to heal myself.

『Bugragratch　LV14　Failed to appraise its status』

A huge monster appears slowly.

Although its overall atmosphere gives off the impression of a sloth, its mouth completely destroys such an impression.

Countless jagged fangs protrude out resembling a crocodile's huge mouth.

When such a brutal mouth is attached to a monkey-like body, it's very unbalanced and looks fiendish.

I'm not healed.

Oh well.

Here dungeon.

Not nature.

Here danger.

OK?

Yes, understood.

Therefore, I start escaping while erasing my presence.

It ended without being found somehow.

Well, I imagined something that I didn’t really want to.

This needlessly big area, don't tell me this is the bottom layer?

Although I don’t know what the difference between each layer is, it’s not strange to think that the layer has changed after advancing on the straight road and ending up in such an excessively big area.

The single road was just straight and there’s no sense that I’m descending, perhaps the decline was so gradual that I didn’t notice it.

When thinking so, isn't it so?

Nono.

It's surely different, right?

I merely entered a large place.

Un.

Or, on the contrary, I ascended to the middle layer.

Ah, lets go with that.

Yes, here is surely the middle layer.

At last, I have escaped from the dangerous lower layer.

『Bugragratch　LV8　Failed to appraise its status』

『Bugragratch　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

『Bugragratch　LV11　Failed to appraise its status』

Is there a reason why such monsters are in this middle layer?

I'm an invisible man.

Ah, it should be spider.

For the time being, I erase my presence.

And I escape stealthily.

After sufficiently distancing myself, come to think of it, I haven’t appraised the monsters yet.

『Bugragratch：A deformed monster that possesses a huge jaw. They act together as a herd, and attack their prey en masse.』

Ah haa. (　あーはー。)

They flock together even though they look that strong.

I can't win.

Un.

Let’s scrap the theory that this here is the middle layer.

This degree of difficulty is too much to be the middle layer!

Haa, I pray that this is really not the bottom layer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The chapter of Appraisal-san.

Skill name changes:

Vision Range Expansion → Visible Range Expansion

49 Appraisal-san, you were a cheat after all

I move along the wall stealthily.

After eating the three monsters, the red stamina gauge didn't decrease again.

Un?

I was certain that the amount is large because it almost recovered to max after eating one of them. But....

The probable cause, is it the "Overeating" skill?

Did it stock the excess food?

If I'm not mistaken, this phenomenon occurred after acquiring the "Overeating" skill.

When thinking so, it doesn't seem to be irrelevant.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV6』 has become 『Appraisal LV7』》

Oh?

Ooh?

Oooh!?

"Appraisal" has arrived!

Appraisal-san has arrived!

(TL note: the word "has arrived" is from this キタ.)

With this, I'll win!

When I think about the last progress, can I expect more from you?

Is it okay?

I won't forgive you if it's something disappointing, you know?

Can you jump over the hurdle that I have raised even further properly?

You must not go under it, okay?

Well now, how's the appraisal result!?

『Small Taratect　LV3　No name

Status

ＨＰ：３８／３８（Green）

ＭＰ：３８／３８（Blue）

ＳＰ：３８／３８（Yellow）

ＳＰ：３８／３８（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２１

Average Defensive Ability：２１

Average Magic Ability：１９

Average Resistance Ability：１９

Average Speed Ability：３６９

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV2」「Poison Fang LV8」「Poison Synthesis LV1」「Spider Thread LV8」「Thread Manipulation LV5」「Throw LV1」「Concentration LV1」「Accuracy LV1」「Appraisal LV7」「Detect LV3」「Stealth LV5」「Heresy Magic LV2」「Shadow Magic LV1」「Poison Magic LV1」「Overeating LV3」「Night Vision LV1０」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Poison Resistance LV7」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV2」「Acid Resistance LV3」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Fear Resistance LV5」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV5」「Powerful LV2」「Sturdy LV2」「Idaten LV2」「Taboo LV2」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」』

Eh?

Seriously?

Really?

Not a mistake in vision?

Oh, ooh, oooh, uooooooo!?

Skills have arrived!

Seriously, Appraisal-san, good job!

You really cross over the raised hurdle!

Yahoo!

My heyday came!

Appraisal-san, you're seriously incredible.

Thank you.

Seriously, thank you!

With this, I can finally double appraise the skills with unknown effects!

Which, one, should, I, pick, first?

Let's start from the "Overeating" that I have thought about a while ago.

『Overeating：It becomes possible to take meals exceeding the limit. And the excess part will be stock as a surplus. However, weight is gained accordingly. The amount that can be stocked increases by level』

O-oh.

Hohou.

It's almost as expected.

In other words, it's a skill that the stamina won't decrease as much as I eat excessively.

However, I will gain weight.

Am I that fat?

I don't know such feeling.

Is this because that I'm a spider that it won't stand out?

If it's a human, this might be a huge demerit.

Next, I will pick this.

『Powerful：Increases Average Offensive Ability equivalent to the skill level』

(TL note: I tried my best to translate it to be easy to understand. Hope you can understand. If you have a better one just suggest it. I will change it right away)

Hee.

I see.

In other words, this is just a simple status strengthening skill.

Ah, which reminds me, this skill level rose after I leveled up.

I surely thought that my offensive ability increased by 2 through level up, but it looks like one of the point is from this skill.

That means.

『Sturdy：Increases Average Defensive Ability equivalent to the skill level』

As expected, this skill is the defensive ability version of "Powerful".

Fumu, although the effect is low, judging from my rubbish status, I'm grateful that it can rise even if it's a little.

Let's continue steadily!

The next one, first time seeing it.

Because it's level 2, its level should have risen somewhere. Did I miss the voice of heaven?

『Idaten：A bonus of skill level×100 is added to the Average Speed Ability. And, a growth correction of skill level×10 is added when level up』

Ha?

Ah, eh, ha?

Ah, it's thank to this skill that my speed is abnormally fast.

I see I see.

Haiiiiiiiiiii!?

Eh, what's with this outrageous skill?

I surely thought that my speed is fast because of my species, but it's because of this?

Oou.

"Idaten", don't tell me that this is the rumored reincarnation privilege?

Oh!

Seriously!?

Being born as a rare skill holder, reincarnation privilege is delicious!

I wasn't called as the "Idaten" in the game for show!

Uhyaa! (　うひゃー！)

The tension increased!

Then, what about this skill?

『ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ：Impossible to appraise』

Hmm?

Impossible to appraise?

Why?

Err.

After coming this far, an unexpected fumble.

Well, judging from the name, it looks like it's bugged.

Although it makes me feel slightly unpleasant, there's no help for it if I can't appraise it.

I hope that it's not a negative skill.

I pull myself together and appraise the next one.

『Taboo：A skill that is acquired by the person who violated a taboo. You must not raise it』

Uwa.

This time, it's saying something unbelievable to confuse me.

But, these words, no matter how I think, it's definitely a curse or a negative effect.

Uwa, I don't need it.

Even if you say that I must not raise it, it's already level 2 before I know.

Seriously.

My increased tension fell down at a stretch.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 50.

Skill Appraisal! and....Magic?

Hope the skill description is understandable. If not, just fix my bad english.

Names again:

不快 = Unpleasant (Lol. Better one please) Disturb

幻痛 = Phantom Pain

濃影 = Dark Shadow

毒触 = Poison Touch

50 Mahou Shoujo Magical Kumoko☆

『Automatic HP Recovery：Gradually recovers HP over time. Even wounds that can't be recovered naturally can be recovered』

『Poison Fang：A poison attribute attack with the fangs』

『Poison Synthesis：Consume MP to purify and customize the poison. The poison that can be synthesized differs depending on the level. LV1：Weak Poison』

『Spider Thread：A special skill owned by the spider-type creature. Able to produce customizable threads. Customize field：Viscosity, elasticity, resilience, texture, strength, size』

『Thread Manipulation：Threads can be manipulated freely』

『Throw：Increases the power and accuracy when throwing something』

『Concentration：The ability to concentrate increases』

『Accuracy：Increases the hit rate in every situation』

『Appraisal：Read the information of something』

『Detect：A skill that combines all perception-type skills. Overview：Magic Perception, Magic Formula Perception, Material Perception, Presence Perception, Danger Perception, Motion Perception, Heat Perception, Reaction Perception, Space Perception』

『Stealth：Conceals presence』

『Night Vision：Sight will still function even if there's no light source』

『Visible Range Expansion：Visible light range is expanded』

『Poison Resistance：The defensive ability against the poison attribute increases』

『Paralysis Resistance：The defensive ability against paralysis attribute increases』

『Petrifaction Resistance：The defensive ability against petrifaction attribute increases』

『Acid Resistance：The defensive ability against the acid attribute increases』

『Corrosion Resistance：The defensive ability against corrosion attribute increases』

『Fear Resistance：It becomes harder to sense fear」

『Pain Nullity：The ability restriction of the body and mind by pain are nullified』

『Pain Alleviation：Pain is mitigated. When doing so, danger signal continues』

I appraised the remaining skills.

Although the result was approximately the same as I expected it, there were several new discoveries too.

First of all, the true colors of the "Visible Range Expansion" becomes clear.

This, in short, I can see infrared rays or ultraviolet rays?

But, I can't see such a thing at present.

Is it because it's still level 1?

Or, there are neither infrared rays nor ultraviolet rays in the dungeon.

Well, it's not something to be troubled even if I can't see it, so it's doesn't matter too much.

And, I understood something when I examined the resistance-type guys, but a rather terrible fact becomes clear.

Although most of the resistance were the same as the name, there's one guy that doesn't match with its name.

『Corrosion Attribute：The attribute controlling the decay of death』

(『腐蝕属性：死の崩壊を司る属性』TL note: not sure about this)

What's that scary thing.

I certainly thought that it was a resistance that I would be fine even if I eat rotten things, but it looks like it's a strange attribute.

This resistance rose when I ate the snail insect, so does that means that that guy has this attribute?

Uwa.

No wonder it doesn't has the taste of the world.

Un.

I will really make sure that eating the snail insect is the last resort.

And, the next one I'm interested in is "Detect".

"Detect", it's more efficient than I thought.

What's with that all perception-type skills?

No matter how I think, how can 100 skill points acquire such a high-performance skill?

I mean, can't I activate it individually?

It's impossible to do it.

I have already tried a lot of times, but it looks like I can only activate all of them.

The only thing I can change is the ON and OFF. There's no individual activation.

Although I wanted to activate the "Presence Perception" and "Danger Perception", because I have to activate all of them, I don't know which perception that grasp the information.

I mean, there's no way my small head can handle such a large quantity of information.

It won't end with just a headache.

Or rather, the level rose again even though I only tried it out a little.

Needless information increases even more making me to lose my reasoning.

It won't be useful unless I have a skill that can improve the result of my head.

Although it's too good because it's highly efficient, it's useless because it's highly efficient.

Cast pearls before swine. Cast "Detect" before spider.

Haa.

Well, the last one.

Depending on this appraisal result, my future might change greatly.

That is the appraisal of the three kinds of magic.

Up until now, I didn't know how to use it, so I had no choice but to leave it as it is.

The skill that should be useful if it's usable.

If I can use this, then it's okay for me to call myself a magician.

Yosh.

Appraisal-san, please!

『Heresy Magic：The magic that violates the soul directly. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Disturb LV2：Phantom Pain』

『Shadow Magic：A low rank Dark Magic that manipulates shadow. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Dark Shadow』

『Poison Magic：The magic that manipulates poison. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Poison Touch』

Oh?

Oun? (　おうん？)

Un.

Subtle.

No, although it's a large progress if it's compared with the time I don't know anything, still, I don't know how to use it.

The "Heresy Magic", in short, is it a mental attack-type magic?

The shadow and poison are the same as it is.

And, apparently, the spell that is usable at level 1 is there.

Although it's there, how do you use it?

Is it the same as "Appraisal", where I just need to pray silently?

Yosh.

Then, 「Disturb」!

...

...

...

Nothing happens.

No, it might only be a misfire because there's no target.

Let's try a different one.

「Dark Shadow」!

...

...

...

Nothing happens.

「Poison Touch」!

...

...

...

Nothing happens.

MP didn't decrease too.

Rather than misfire, it didn't even activate at all.

Seriously.

No, although I have a little expectations on it, it's no good after all.

No, wait?

If I examine magic with "Appraisal", I might get a hint.

『Magic：The thing that establish as a phenomenon after magical power is changed by the skill』

(『魔法：魔力をスキルで変化させ、現象として確立させたもの』TL note: this too)

Un, it's useless.

Aah, it looks like I still can't use magic.

Shit.

It looks like the day when I will call myself as Mahou Shoujo Magical Kumoko is still far.

Damn it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50.1: Side Story 7 Duke's daughter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Bestiary.

That's all for today. No Kumo-chan today.

Skill names:

射出 = Shoot

連携 = Cooperation

石化の魔眼 = Magic Eyes of Petrifaction

(I think previously I translated this as something like devil's eyes of petrifaction)

鉱体 = Ore body

Extra Bestiary①

Author note: To commemorate the 50th chapter.

It's the status of the monsters at level 1 and its brief explanation.

The status is purely a reference. It differs depending on the individual.

『Small Lesser Taratect　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：２６／２６（Green）

ＭＰ：２６／２６（Blue）

ＳＰ：２６／２６（Yellow）

：２６／２６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：８

Average Defensive Ability：８

Average Magic Ability：８

Average Resistance Ability：８

Average Speed Ability：８

Skill

「Poison Fang LV1」「Spider Thread LV3」「Night Vision LV9」「Poison Resistance LV1」』

We are the spider's initial species.

Weak.

The subjugation danger degree that the human determined is the lowest, F.

Because it's weak in status, it will only charge foolishly. That's why, the subjugation is easy.

However, there's also individual that rarely makes nest. In that case, the danger degree springs up.

It is said that a person got caught in the nest without any preparations, the worst, it can be said that it's the end for that person. Therefore, destroying the nest in top priority when discovered it is the adventurer's basic.

The thread and the main body are vulnerable to fire.

『Small Taratect　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：３６／３６（Green）

ＭＰ：３６／３６（Blue）

ＳＰ：３６／３６（Yellow）

：３６／３６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１８

Average Defensive Ability：１８

Average Magic Ability：１８

Average Resistance Ability：１８

Average Speed Ability：１８

Skill

「Poison Fang LV4」「Spider Thread LV4」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Poison Resistance LV4」』

The spider's normal species.

Still, it's weak as usual.

It's property is also about the same with the deteriorating species.

『Lesser Taratect　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：８５／８５（Green）

ＭＰ：３６／３６（Blue）

ＳＰ：８５／８５（Yellow）

：８５／８５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：４２

Average Defensive Ability：４２

Average Magic Ability：１８

Average Resistance Ability：１８

Average Speed Ability：４２

Skill

「Poison Fang LV5」「Spider Thread LV5」「Night Vision LV1０」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Poison Resistance LV5」』

The grown form of the deteriorating species.

It grows up to approximately 5 meters in length, and physical-related status improves.

Still, it's weak.

However, the probability to meet it is very low because it's rare that a hatchling of the deteriorating species can evolve to this.

『Elro Frog　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：６５／６５（Green）

ＭＰ：４５／４５（Blue）

ＳＰ：５５／５５（Yellow）

：５５／５５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３５

Average Defensive Ability：３５

Average Magic Ability：２８

Average Resistance Ability：２８

Average Speed Ability：３０

Skill

「Poison Synthesis LV1」「Acid Attack LV1」「Shoot LV1」「Night Vision LV6」「Poison Resistance LV1」「Acid Resistance LV1」』

Also known as frog.

It's approximately 1 meter in length and it has a rainbow-colored body surface.

It uses the strategy where it shoots the droplets that has weak poison created by "Poison Synthesis" and the acid attribute from the "Acid Attack".

Even if it the opponent gets closer, the opponent might receive an unexpected counterattack because of its stable physical ability.

Danger degree, E.

『Elro Randanel　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１２５／１２５（Green）

ＭＰ：２５／２５（Blue）

ＳＰ：１２５／１２５（Yellow）

：１０５／１０５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：７８

Average Defensive Ability：６５

Average Magic Ability：２２

Average Resistance Ability：３４

Average Speed Ability：７７

Skill

「Poison Fang LV3」「Poison Claw LV3」「Cooperation LV7」「Night Vision LV6」「Poison Resistance LV3」』

Also known as the three intimate friend.

A small dinosaur-like monster measuring about 1.5 meters in length.

They always act in 3 and make fun of their enemy with skillful cooperation.

They corner their opponent into poisoned condition with "Poison Fang" and "Poison Claw". They are good at cornering their opponent slowly.

Danger degree, D.

『Elro Pekatot　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１５５／１５５（Green）

ＭＰ：４６／４６（Blue）

ＳＰ：１８０／１８０（Yellow）

：１２５／１２５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５８

Average Defensive Ability：３９

Average Magic Ability：３２

Average Resistance Ability：３２

Average Speed Ability：１００

Skill

「Poison Attack LV3」「Evasion LV1」「Night Vision LV8」「Poison Resistance LV3」』

Only the name appears.

A monster with a strange figure that has the body of a fused penguin and pelican and the arms of a monkey.

Although it only has 4 skills, it's a troublesome monster that can jump around at high speed in the small cave and it attacks in three dimensions(三次元).

In the story, it was caught in the nest and was quickly eaten.

Danger degree, D.

『Elro Basilisk　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１３８／１３８（Green）

ＭＰ：１２６／１２６（Blue）

ＳＰ：４６／４６（Yellow）

：６５／６５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５８

Average Defensive Ability：５２

Average Magic Ability：１０８

Average Resistance Ability：１０５

Average Speed Ability：５８

Skill

「Magic Eyes of Petrifaction LV1」「Poison Attack LV1」「Shoot LV1」「Magic Perception LV1」「Magic Manipulation LV1」「Earth Magic LV1」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Petrifaction Resistance LV1」「Poison Resistance LV1」』

Also known as petrifaction lizard.

A gray-colored lizard-like monster measuring just a little over 1 meter in length.

It petrifies its opponent with the basilisk inherent skill, "Magic Eyes of Petrifaction".

In addition, it has poison.

Furthermore, it can use "Earth Magic", although there's no opportunity to show it in the story.

It uses the strategy where it shoots the soil made by the "Earth Magic", but there's no time to do it because it was caught in the nest.

Taking the troublesome petrified condition into account, the danger degree is C.

『Small Rock Turtle　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１８０／１８０（Green）

ＭＰ：１０／１０（Blue）

ＳＰ：２５／２５（Yellow）

：１００／１００（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１０８

Average Defensive Ability：２３６

Average Magic Ability：８

Average Resistance Ability：５８

Average Speed Ability：６

Skill

「Shell LV3」「Ore Body LV3」』

Also known as turtle.

The turtle-type monster that carries a rock shell on its back.

It's very slow-witted, and it has high defensive ability, but the other abilities are altogether low.

Although it only has the ramming attack, the power of the rush can't be underestimated.

Danger degree, D.

『Elro Ferect　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：２５／２５（Green）

ＭＰ：１５／１５（Blue）

ＳＰ：１５／１５（Yellow）

：１５／１５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５

Average Defensive Ability：５

Average Magic Ability：４

Average Resistance Ability：４

Average Speed Ability：９０

Skill

「Paralysis Attack LV1」「Paralysis Resistance LV1」』

Also known as centipede.

A insect-type monster that has brisk feet growing on it.

Most of the status is low.

Only the speed is strangely high.

However, it can be subdued easily if there's only 1 because it doesn't has the "Night Vision" despite being the endemic species of the Elro Great Labyrinth.

The terrifying part of this monster is that it spring forth in large quantities and it lives as a colony.

Although the individual's danger degree is F, the colony's danger degree is considered to be B.

『Elro Baradrad　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：３５０／３５０（Green）

ＭＰ：１００／１００（Blue）

ＳＰ：３５０／３５０（Yellow）

：３５０／３５０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３２０

Average Defensive Ability：３２０

Average Magic Ability：１００

Average Resistance Ability：２８０

Average Speed Ability：３００

Skill

「Poison Fang LV5」「Dragon Scale LV1」「Night Vision LV7」「Heat Perception LV4」「Poison Resistance LV5」』

Also known as snake.

A huge snake-type monster that seems to be able to swallow a person wholly.

Physical status is high.

It has the skill that can be seen in the dragon species called the "Dragon Scale".

By the effect of the "Dragon Scale", it has a high defensive ability for both physical and magic.

Danger degree, C.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 51.

This chapter is a little hard to translate on the first half.

51 Isn't it great to know the enemy's strength?

I stay hidden behind the shade of rock.

『Elro Daznatch　LV23

Status

ＨＰ：７８６／８１８（Green）

ＭＰ：３３５／３３５（Blue）

ＳＰ：７７９／７７９（Yellow）

：７２３／７８１（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

That guy advances slowly from the rock where I am.

I wonder what is that?

How should I express it? It's a huge fish with limbs. Un, it's slightly different.

It's an unknown mysterious creature.

Well, it doesn't matter at all that it's a mysterious creature.

No, it matters.

It's dangerous if I'm found.

But, there's something more important than such thing!

Yes, the Appraisal-san did it again!

I can see the enemy's status!

Although I can only see the HP, MP and SP, isn't it amazing?

Although the success rate is not very high that it will succeed once in three or four times, still, it's great to know some of the opponent's status.

The opponent's strength can be known even with only the rough numerical value of HP, MP and SP.

I must not take on an opponent with a clear difference in status.

Strategy, treasure my life.

This is the pattern where I must not take on the mysterious creature that's passing nearby soon.

Because it has a strange numerical value.

What with the HP 818?

There's still a balance left even if you kill me 20 times.

Won't it be an inflation?

That mysterious creature that has a stupid face on it has this status, so the Earth Dragon absolutely has a 4-digit HP.

Nai wa. (No way)

Although this is what I understood in these several days, all the monsters that has level higher than 10 are strong.

I think that it's the so-called advanced level monsters that doesn't evolve at level 10.

Therefore, even if it's lower than level 10, when there's a same species before that is higher than level 10, I should devote myself to escaping.

On the contrary, the monster that doesn't have level higher than 10 even if I look for it is probably weak.

However, the shocking thing was even the small fry that I usually hunt has a higher status than me.

There was even a guy with a 3-digit HP.

It's like "Seriously? Were you that strong?".

Well, if I fight head-on, then I won't be able to win.

I will bet everything on the surprise attack.

It was the moment when I decided so.

However, when thinking so, it's a higher rank than me even though I call it a small fry.

And the "Spider Thread" that can incapacitate that higher ranked monster without any problems is a considerably strong skill.

If I don't have this, I wouldn't be alive now.

Although the status is important, the skills are also important.

If that's the case, then, I want to know the opponent's skill quick.

If I know the skills, I should be able to fight advantageously.

If you extract the skills from me, then speed will be my only merit.

If fire were used as measures against "Spider Thread" and "Poison Fang" is nullified by an antidote, I won't have a chance to win.

Oou.

This is bad. Skill countermeasures are bad.

If such preparations were made firmly, I have no choice but to die!

Well, I don't think that the monsters have such wisdom.

That's why, a weak monster like me can survive.

After all, wisdom is important.

It's the human's greatest weapon.

Hmm.

Human.

This dungeon, I wonder how much the human have explored?

The only time when I saw human was the time when my nest was burned by them.

Although the human footprint is still there, after that, when I'm exploring the labyrinth area, I hardly saw it.

It's called the world's largest labyrinth, so perhaps, the exploration is not making any progress?

If I think about it, I'm alright that I can eat the monsters, but human have to bring food.

In this wide labyrinth, it's necessary to carry a large amount of food if they want to explore it.

With that alone, it's a considerable labor and it's necessary to fight against monsters too.

Things will change if there's a convenient skill to store things in a different space like the "Item Box" or magic, but still, it doesn't change that it's hard.

In my opinion, the range that a human can explore is only one part of the upper layer.

If so, then I can understand why the footprints were not seen on the way.

Is the place where the footprints can't be seen is the human's limit range?

Hmm?

But, wait?

Then, the place where I found the footprints for the first time where the super-huge spider and those strong crowd of monsters are, no matter how I look at it, can humans explore that area?

Eh, can that area be explored?

Even though my mother is there?

Can 'that' be defeated?

Impossible.

If my expectation are right, it shouldn't be strange that 'that' is equal to the Earth Dragon.

Can 'that' be defeated?

Isn't it impossible?

I mean, if it's not impossible, then how strong is a human?

I have imagined something unpleasant.

If I assume that the humans are strong enough to defeat my mother, then I should give up on going outside.

I won't be able to survive no matter how I struggle.

If so, then living in this dungeon is better.

For the time being, let's make reaching the upper layer the objective.

Let's look for a place where human don't come when I reached the upper layer.

No, before that, should I take the risk and appraise the human's status?

Well, there's no need to be in a hurry.

I don't even know whether or not I can reach the upper layer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 52.

This chapter's title is 糸しさと切なさと心強さと. The threadness comes from itoshisa(糸しさ). It's a pun from the word 愛しさ.

Name:

斬糸 = Decapitation Thread (Maybe something like slash works better)

52 Threadness and sadness and heartening and

Stealthily.

Right, alright!

Left, alright!

Front, target!

『Elro Kohokoro　LV7

ＨＰ：６７／８９（Green）

ＭＰ：２１／２１（Blue）

ＳＰ：７９／７９（Yellow）

：５４／８５（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

There's a monster resembling the pill bug in front.

Although the body is a pill bug, the head looks like a mouse.

I want it to be clear whether it's a mammal or an insect.

If it's a pill bug, then its defensive ability will rise when it becomes rounded.

When I fight against the turtle monster before, it withdrew into its shell and I had a hard time dealing with it.

Well, if it got caught in my threads, its movement will be restricted before it can become rounded.

Thus, Cast Net, standby.

Terya! (　てりゃ！)

Hit!

The rest is just a piece of cake with "Thread Manipulation".

《Conditions met. Title 『Thread User』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Thread User』, skill 『Thread Manipulation LV1』『Decapitation Thread LV1』 was acquired》

《『Thread Manipulation LV1』 has unified with 『Thread Manipulation LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Manipulation LV5』 has become 『Thread Manipulation LV6』》

Oh?

Ooh?

I acquired a title!

The title "Thread User"?

The "Thread User" that can titillate the chuunibyou?

Hey, pill bug, I will finish it quickly because I have no time to care about you.

Okay?

No?

"No" rejected.

Therefore, "Poison Fang", "Poison Fang".

And carry it to the shade of a rock.

Well then, let's verify the title I acquired at once.

"Thread User", the acquisition condition is as expected, is it keep using the threads?

Hmm?

If so, then it doesn't seem to be strange that I could acquire the title a little earlier.

Or it might be a different condition.

Well, there's no help for it even if I think about the acquisition condition of the title that I have acquired.

The most important thing is whether the title is useful or not.

And, there's a conviction.

This title is useful.

No, well, it showed the results already because the level of "Thread Manipulation" rose.

The importance of the "Thread Manipulation" increases day by day and I'm very glad that the level rose.

Even with this much only, it shows the worth of this title.

But, my interest are fixed in the other skill.

"Decapitation Thread".

Don't you think that it's a word that titillates the chuunibyou?

In short, it's that, right?

It's the one that I can slash my enemies with the thread, right?

Ri-ridiculous!

An invisible slash!?

What!?

What it's cut with!?

Ku, th-this is thread!?

Such development can be done, right?

Uha.

Good.

This is good.

Well, even if it's such chuunibyou, this seems to be an increase to my strength.

Up until now, my only weapon is my "Poison Fang".

Finally, my amount of weapons increases.

And in addition to that, my main weapon that is my thread is going to be that weapon.

Oops, I haven't appraised it and experiment it yet, so I shouldn't be delighted with it.

First of all, "Appraisal".

『Decapitation Thread：Gives the decapitation attribute to the thread』

Umu.

The effect is as shown in the name.

Here, I thought what should I do if it was an astounding effect.

For now, one of the concerns has disappeared.

The remaining problems are whether or not it can be applied to the "Spider Thread, whether or not it can be activated and what degree of effect it has in level 1.

The pill bug that was killed a while ago is helpful here!

Now, become my guinea pig.

First of all, I release "Spider Thread".

First, I make the strength to max and the adhesiveness to zero.

I swing the thread towards the pill bug while praying "Decapitation Thread" silently.

Oh, it looks like I activated it properly.

The thread got repelled by the body of the pill bug.

Muu.

As expected, it doesn't has such power at level 1.

Ah, but there's a small wound.

Isn't this enough for a level 1?

Up until now, most level 1 skills are lacking in some parts, so this skill is considerably high performance because it can leave a wound on the body of the pill bug.

Come to think of it, how's the consumption?

Did my MP decrease?

MP didn't decrease.

SP, because of the effect of "Overeating", I don't know much about it.

But, when thinking about "Poison Synthesis", I think that it shouldn't be without any consumption.

Then, although the red gauge didn't decrease at all, I think that it decrease a little internally.

Although I don't know how much is the normal consumption, the cost performance doesn't seem to be bad.

In addition, the red stamina gauge will last long by "Overeating" in the future, so it's good.

Next, I try giving adhesiveness to the thread.

I attack the pill bug in the same way as a while ago.

Hmm?

Mmm.

Although it activated properly, it didn't leave a wound.

Well, about here, it's as expected.

I experimented on the "Spider Thread" variously, and I understood that there's a limit in the customizable field.

For example, it becomes difficult to give resilience when I maximize the adhesiveness.

Although it's possible to do it, the effect becomes smaller.

There's a limit in the property that I can give to the thread at a time, it's like distributing each property.

Therefore, by giving the adhesiveness to the thread, I think that it's impossible to give the maximum decapitation attribute.

Although the adhesion and the slash property are not compatible, it doesn't seem to be realistic.

But, the "Decapitation Thread" is a considerably good skill.

The compatibility with me is outstandingly good.

I should raise the skill level quickly.

That's why, Pill Bug-kun.

Although I'm whipping the already dead you more and more, you will have to accompany me to raise my skill level.

I continued hitting the pill bug with "Decapitation Thread".

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Today is not gonna end with 2.

Changes made in this chapter:

Decapitation Thread → Severing Thread

53 I have become stronger even if it's a little

The skill level of "Severing Thread" rose to 3 because I kept tormenting the pill bug.

Although I wanted to continue it more, there's no help for it because the pill bug has entered the state that's impossible to talk about without mosaic.

Although it still can't leave a big wound at level 3, it's like piling up the garbage.

Pill bug, I think that I probably won't forget you.

Of course, I ate it after that.

As usual, it was bad.

When I think about it, it was not necessary to make the pill bug to accompany me.

I can just hit the rock nearby.

Oh dear, it's loss that the pill bug was killed?

No no, I'm sure that the pill bug is crying with pleasure because I was benefited.

Eh, fiend?

I don't know what it is.

And then, when I just finished tormenting the pill bug, I'm not sure whether or not I were drawn by the sound, but a different monster came.

『Anogratch　LV8　Failed to appraise its status』

It was a monster that I saw for the first time.

It's a monkey-like monster measuring around 2 meters.

Even the status appraisal failed and if possible, I want to pass through it, but it was not possible because I was found.

Well, I managed to win somehow.

Although it looks like the other party was the type that's confident in its own quickness, I was better.

I kept dodging the attacking monkey's arm and I attacked it in an instant chance. And finally, I succeeded in capturing it with "Spider Thread".

I was really scared.

No, I'm serious.

It's been a long time since I experience such serious battle.

Moreover, this monkey is fairly strong.

The sound when the arm swung is terrifying and it's not a laughing matter.

I would die if it hits me.

That's why, I avoided it desperately.

If I had a mouth, I would scream.

Kyaa?

Of course, I would "kyaa!".

I wonder whether or not I acquired a skill called "Evasion" because I kept avoiding desperately.

When I appraise it, it was a skill that raises evasion.

I did it, I acquired a speed specialization skill!

Furthermore, I leveled up at the moment when I defeat the monkey.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV3 has become LV4》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Concentration LV1』 has become 『Concentration LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Throw LV1』 has become 『Throw LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Accuracy LV1』 has become 『Accuracy LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

Three skills went up at a stretch.

I'm very glad that all are simply useful skills.

A level rose, and this is my status now.

『Small Taratect　LV4　No name

Status

ＨＰ：４０／４０（Green）

ＭＰ：４０／４０（Blue）

ＳＰ：４０／４０（Yellow）

：４０／４０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２２

Average Defensive Ability：２２

Average Magic Ability：２０

Average Resistance Ability：２０

Average Speed Ability：３９０

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV2」「Poison Fang LV8」「Poison Synthesis LV1」「Spider Thread LV8」「Severing Thread LV3」「Thread Manipulation LV6」「Throw LV2」「Concentration LV2」「Accuracy LV2」「Evasion LV1」「Appraisal LV7」「Detect LV4」「Stealth LV5」「Heresy Magic LV2」「Shadow Magic LV1」「Poison Magic LV1」「Overeating LV3」「Night Vision LV1０」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Poison Resistance LV7」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV2」「Acid Resistance LV3」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Fear Resistance LV5」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV5」「Powerful LV2」「Sturdy LV2」「Idaten LV2」「Taboo LV2」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」』

As usual, the status other than speed are low.

If I don't have "Idaten", then my speed will also be low, and in that case, my merit will only be my threads.

"Idaten" is useful in various ways.

Although I'm glad that a lot rose at a stretch, it's bad to take it easy.

There might be other monsters that got drawn besides the monkey.

For the time being, I'll eat the monkey.

Umu.

This guy doesn't have poison.

There's no bitterness.

But, there's a peculiar bad smell and it's also not delicious.

The cow and pig in my previous life were great.

Although my stamina is full, it's not wasted thanks to the "Overeating" skill.

When I first saw the "Overeating" skill, I thought it has a negative effect and I was considerably cautious of it, but it was a fairly good skill.

Although I said it before, my stamina dependency is considerably high.

My stamina is consumed when I release threads and when I'm running.

Therefore, this skill that can stock stamina excessively has a good compatibility with me.

If I can use magic, then the burden on my stamina might decrease a little, but there's no help for it to plead on nothing.

Speaking of magic, I appraised the details of each magic spell.

『Disturb：Plants discomfort directly into the soul』

『Phantom Pain：Plants illusion pain directly into the soul』

『Dark Shadow：The shadow thickens』

『Poison Touch：Adds the poison attribute attack to the touched target』

It looks like the effect of "Disturb" is just as its name, a mind attack.

"Phantom Pain" and "Disturb" are both similar.

Although "Poison Touch" seems to be a strong magic to learn at level 1, it's level 1 after all, so there might be a pitfall.

"Dark Shadow" is just as it's name, but how to use it?

Un.

Like using it together with a higher level "Shadow Magic"?

Then, this won't be useful when it's the only one.

Well, either way, it's not usable.

Now, that I have finished eating the monkey, let's move quickly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

54 Quiet sleep great strategy!

Ah, sleepy.

My sleepiness is getting quite dangerous soon.

I never thought that camping without a simple home sounds to have so much effect.

Although I thought I can endure a little more, it will be dangerous if I don't think of a way to sleep soundly soon.

However, if it's possible to sleep soundly that easy, I won't forced myself to explore till I'm lacking of sleep.

As expected, the Earth Dragon won't chase after me if I come here, but I'm in a situation where there are strong enemies everywhere.

If it's a simple home, then it might be broke through.

Even so, making a home with all my might is out of question.

I don't want to set up a root here.

I want to escape from here as soon as possible.

For that reason, I must not make a home that needs a long time to make.

When it becomes so, then I will have to make a simple home as before, but I don't know whether it has an effect on the inhabiting monsters or not.

This turns out that I'm going around in circles.

I strain my sleepy head and think about what to do.

Even if it's a simple home, won't it go well depending on the way of doing it?

For example, I don't make it at a random area, but I will hide myself at a place that's hard to be found and make it there.

Even though I say it, the rocks around here are quite ragged. Even so, there's no such place that I can hide in peace.

No, wait?

Won't it go well even if I never hide?

In short, isn't it enough if the monsters can't interfere?

If so, then there's a good place.

I go there at once.

The ceiling, the point after climbing the wall all the time.

Uhyoo. (　うひょー。)

It's high.

Scary.

Can I have a quiet sleep like this?

But, at present, I have not seen any monsters that can climb the wall or fly in the air.

Ah, the snail insect is a different case.

I have not seen any bees after reaching this wide space, so I thought that I will make a simple home between the wall and the ceiling and I will be safe if I sleep in there.

Thus, let's start making the nest.

Uwa, it's seriously high.

If it's around 100 meters above ground, then how many floors is it in a skyscraper?

I will surely die if I fall.

Well, I don't think I will fall because I have a lifeline, but still, it's a scary thing to work exposed.

Do your work, "Fear Resistance".

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV5』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV6』》

I'm sorry.

I said it irresponsibly.

Therefore, don't insert a retort in such a perfect timing.

Ah, it surprised me.

F-for the time being, the border is completed.

The border is made between the wall and the ceiling in a net with adhesion threads.

In this border, I think I should make a bed like the hammock.

Un.

But, this is completely exposed to the outside, right?

Won't it be an easy victim against long distance attack like the breath of Earth Dragon?

As expected, I should cover it more.

Can I somehow make use of the rocks scattered around here?

I get down to the ground for the moment.

I look at the rock.

Un.

It's huge if it's as it is.

Can't I process(加工) it somehow?

Can I cut a little with "Severing Thread"?

I tie a thread to the rock and activate "Severing Thread".

Pull.

Hmm, although it cuts a little, it's no good.

Will it work if I move it like a saw?

Oh, even though it's a little, it's working.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Severing Thread LV3』 has become 『Severing Thread LV4』》

Thanks to the skill level rose midway, work efficiency rose.

Yosh, the thinly cut rock is completed.

I stick this on the surface of the nest and use it for camouflage.

I stick a thread to the rock firmly.

On top of that, I will climb to the nest 100 meters above ground while holding the thread.

Yosh, now I just need to pull this thread.

Fun! (　ふん！)

H-heavy!

Ugugugugu!

Ku, I put my weight on. ( く、体重をかけるんだ。TL note: not too sure)

Soore! (　そーれ！)

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Powerful LV2』 has become 『Powerful LV3』》

The skill level of "Powerful" rose midway.

Although it rose, it's still heavy.

This consumes a lot of instantaneous force and stamina!

This is hard!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Agility LV1』 was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Endurance LV1』 was acquired》

I acquired some skills.

But, I don't have the time to confirm it now!

Soore, pull!

Zee, zee. (　ぜー、ぜー。)

Haa.

At last, I was able to lift the rock.

Uwa, the stamina has decreased exceeding the stocks from the "Overeating".

Ah, that's why, it's hard.

Huh?

This is strange. Although I should be thinking about the way to have a quiet sleep quickly, why am I doing such heavy labor diligently?

Mmm?

It's a defeat if I think deeply.

Un.

The rock is concealing the nest properly, so there's a result of my hard work.

Now, I just need to make the bed and.

Complete!

Fuou.

It's absolute heaven.

Ah, after all, I can calm down in the thread.

This is it.

As expected, I can't sleep in peace without this.

Ah, I must confirm the effect of the newly acquired skills before sleeping.

『Agility：Increases SP(Agility) equivalent to the skill level』

『Endurance：Increases SP(Endurance) equivalent to the skill level』

[Small note: Agility = Yellow Gauge(Instantenous force), Endurance = Red Gauge(Total stamina)]

Ah, it's the SP version of "Powerful" and "Sturdy".

My SP which was 40 increases to 41 each.

Stamina is important, so this is delicious.

Yosh, now that I have confirmed the skills and I'm tired after the work, let's sleep!

It seems that I'm able to sleep soundly after a long time, so let's sleep to my heart's content.

Therefore, good night.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

55 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground ①

Ah, I slept.

Un.

I really slept.

But, what's this?

Although I was going to sleep a bit longer, I suddenly woke up.

Mmm?

This sense that my whole body hair stands.

This might be dangerous.

I appear from the rock and look at the bottom.

『Anogratch　LV6　Failed to appraise its status』

『Anogratch　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

『Anogratch　LV8

ＨＰ：１６５／１６８（Green）

ＭＰ：３８／３８（Blue）

ＭＰ：３８／３８（Yellow）

：１０９／１１８（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

『Anogratch　LV5　Failed to appraise its status』

.......

A troop of monkeys took up their position before my eyes.

There are around 50 of them.

Eh?

You gotta be kidding?

Those guys definitely recognize here.

Why!?

The camouflage of the rock should be perfect.

I understand it well because I saw it from the outside.

It should only be seen as a wall that's protruded out at a glance.

Why, why!?

The one that I can think of is the similar monkey that was defeated some time ago.

Did that guy did something?

Is it a special smell?

I don't know.

But, currently, the monkeys are waiting for me.

It seems they are going to climb the wall at any moment.

I mean, they began to climb it.

Uwa, this is bad!

As expected, even the monkeys seem to have a hard fight in climbing the vertical wall, and the climbing speed is considerably slow.

It should take several minutes until they arrive here.

Meanwhile, I must also take some actions.

Here, escaping along the ceiling seems to be the best.

It's obviously impossible for me to fight against the monkeys of that number.

Yosh, now that it's decided, let's escape quickly.

Huh?

The color of the ceiling changed halfway?

No way!?

It's very slippery!?

My threads almost can't stick!?

Such.....

The ceiling's lithology changed at around 1 or 2 meters from the wall.

Not to mention my legs, even the thread with maximum adhesive power hardly sticks to the slippery rock.

Now, it's impossible to escape along the ceiling.

If so, then I have no choice but to escape sideways along the wall.

Although I think those guys will probably chase after me, then we will have a match of perseverance.

Yosh, let's g....Bam!

Ue!?

What!?

Stone!?

Uwa, those guys are throwing stones!?

I mean, it reached even though there's a considerable height from the ground to here!?

Uwa, they threw it again!?

I evacuate in the rock in a hurry.

The stone hits the place where I was.

As expected, it looks like the stone doesn't have that much power because it's thrown from the ground.

But, if I were hit when I'm clinging to the vertical wall, I will probably fall.

When seeing that it hits the place where I was accurately, they should have "Throw" or "Accuracy" or maybe both of the skills.

I feel a chill and unpleasant.

It's impossible to escape.

What should I do?

No, there's only one way left.

I have no choice but to intercept it.

Fortunately, the home is here even though it's simple.

I must strengthen here as much as possible before the monkeys arrive.

Though this fight requires clinging to the same wall, this time, the other side doesn't have the geographical advantage unlike the bees.

Rather, the geographical advantage is here because the simple home can be used as footing and a fortress.

I have no choice but to do it.

First of all, I scatter the threads.

I stick it on the wall with "Thread Manipulation".

Although it's simple, it should become difficult to climb the wall.

The work doesn't make much progress because I was working while avoiding the hurled stone.

While doing so, the first group of monkeys has climbed half of the wall.

This is bad.

The climbing speed of the monkeys are faster than what I expected.

It's impossible to stop all of the monkeys with the amount of threads I have scattered just now.

What should I do?

Aah, is there anything that can attack the other side from here?

I have the "Throw" and "Accuracy", so I just need something to throw......

Ah, although it's not something to throw, I have something that can be dropped!

I appeared from the rock and activate "Poison Synthesis".

Of course, I'm not using weak poison.

The powerful poison that's well trained by me in this spider life, Spider Poison.

A ball of Spider Poison that appeared in front of me is pulled by the gravity and falls as it is.

The monkey climbing the wall cannot avoid this.

It hits the face splendidly, and the monkey falls while writhing in agony painfully.

This is good!

I confirm the MP consumption quickly.

Consumed MP is only 1.

In other words, I have 40 shots in maximum.

If I think together with the amount used by "Thread Manipulation", it's around 25 shots.

If I can hit every shot, about half of the monkeys will drop out from the battle.

I drop the second shot at once.

This also hits it, and a monkey falls.

Let's do this rapidly.

When you can drop it, you should drop it like this.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Synthesis LV1』 has become 『Poison Synthesis LV2』》

Although the skill level rose, I will confirm it later.

After all, the Spider Poison is stronger than the newly added poison.

Although I succeeded in reducing the number of the monkeys, the monkeys start to deal with it.

They avoided moving under the nest and started moving towards the side.

I drop all of the poison before they finish moving to the side.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Accuracy LV2』 has become 『Accuracy LV3』》

Yosh yosh.

The monkeys fall amusingly.

But, they have moved to the side.

It doesn't seems that the poison drop can be use anymore.

There's uneasiness about the remaining MP, so it might be a good timing.

I release threads towards the direction of the monkeys that moved sideways.

This fight has just started.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

56 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground ②

The monkeys climb the wall.

I make full use of "Thread Manipulation" and stick the adhesion threads on the wall of the monkeys' movement direction.

This is bad.

The remaining MP is unreliable.

I might have spend too much on "Poison Synthesis".

But, when the time comes, I have to persevere without "Thread Manipulation".

Because a stone flew, I hide myself in the shadow of the rock quickly.

The monkeys that remained on the ground throw stones continuously.

Although it's not likely to get a fatal wound even if it hits, it's very annoying.

The first wave of the monkeys rushed into the adhesion thread zone that I had stick.

Of course, the monkeys stick to the adhesion thread and their movement stopped.

If it's impossible for the first wave to move, then it should be able to hold up the following wave for a while, Ack!?

Those guys, they used their ally's body as a footing to climb further!

Although there's still more in the adhesion thread zone, it looks like this will be broken through sooner than I expected.

Shit!

Now's not the time to hold back.

I release the Cast Net aiming at the monkey's group that has the most monkeys gathered there.

I leave the monkeys caught in the Cast Net as it is.

The more you struggle, the more the adhesion threads get entangled, and it becomes even more impossible to move.

If there's such a mass of monkey on the course, then it should be useful as an obstacle.

The monkeys caught in the threads are basically ignored.

From the monkey's status, what can be understood is that they can't escape from my threads.

This time, I won't use "Severing Thread".

Anyway, as a safe method, I should make all of the monkeys incapacitated with the adhesion threads.

I can defeat it slowly afterwards.

I release the second Cast Net.

Several monkeys got caught in it again.

When I was going to release the third one, a stone is thrown to me.

I avoid it in a hurry.

Shit, despite being an enemy, it supports at the right time.

Moreover, I wonder whether or not they are cautious of my Cast Net because the monkeys dispersed to the left and right.

Like this, I can only catch 1 or 2 of them using the Cast Net.

These guys, unlike the monsters up until now, they are intelligent!

If you are really intelligent, then notice that I'm not worthy prey!

There's no profit even if you defeat such a small spider!

But, the monkeys approach with the spirit to defeat me by all means.

I want you to stop it.

Give me a break from such passionate thing.

Let's point this passion to another thing.

For example, like ○○○(Self-imposed restraint).

I scatter my threads while thinking something stupid.

Because the monkeys have dispersed to the left and right, it's necessary to scatter it thoroughly all over the place.

I use the "Thread Maniplation" in moderation as much as possible.

In this situation, it's quite dangerous if my MP runs out.

The reason why I didn't shut myself in the simple home is because it's 100 meters above ground here.

Although my thread is certainly strong, it's not invincible.

It's vulnerable against fire and it was easily blown off by the Earth Dragon.

Although it boasts of its high defensive ability, if a power more than it is exerted, it will be broken through.

I don't think that the monkey can do that.

If I'm on the ground, I will certainly choose to withstand a siege.

But, here is not the ground.

If the monkey attacks the simple home and at the same time, the body sticks to it.

Naturally, it will have to take the load of the monkey's weight.

And if it happens simultaneously, the simple home can never endure the load.

The simple home doesn't have a foundation.

I only stick it with adhesive power between the ceiling and the wall.

It can support if it's only me and the rock.

But, I don't know to what extent of weight it can support.

Although I thought about expanding it to increase its stability, I chose the way to prevent the monkeys from approaching.

I thought that it will only increase the amount that it can support even if I expand it.

Still, it might be good when thinking about the number of monkeys.

While it's the beginning.

Why? It's because the number of monkeys doesn't decrease at all!

Although I thought whether or not I failed to kill the monkeys with poison, the monkeys' corpse seem to be piling up right under the wall.

It didn't seem to be revived.

It's simple, the number of monkeys have increased more that the beginning.

The so-called reinforcement.

Haha, wondering where did those guys come from and the number increases rapidly.

It should be around 50 of them at first, but now, it's simply double of the number.

Moreover, it increases much more.

A marathon without an end is scary, right?

What should I do?

Seriously, what should I do?

The red stamina became unreliable let alone the MP.

I have been releasing threads all this time since a while ago.

It's over when the stamina runs out.

It becomes impossible to release threads.

I must evade that by any means.

I prepare the Kumorning Star.

The aim is the nearest monkey from here.

Throw.

Hit.

Yosh, I pull it up taking advantage of the adhesive power forcibly.

I restrict the monkey that struggle with a thread quickly.

I drive in the "Poison Fang".

In the middle of that, a stone hit me.

Ouch!

But, my HP only decrease by 5.

As expected, it doesn't have a great power because there's a distance from the ground to here.

Although it's painful, I ignore it forcibly by power of "Pain Alleviation" and "Pain Nullity".

I kill the monkey with the power of "Poison Fang".

I eat it as it is!

As for this work, the match is the quickness.

I have to end it and return to the front early.

The monkeys are still putting up a hard fight against the adhesion thread.

Most of them have stick to the threads and becomes impossible to recover from it, but the path build with the monkeys' body is being completed accordingly.

They are approaching to me steadily.

My stamina manage to recover and I should consider that this is the last.

Therefore, I must be quick to finish eating completely and make them my foods!

Buha!

I finished eating it!

Although the feeling of killing the monkeys somehow rose, now after such a long time!

It's me who eat!

I won't be eaten by the likes of you!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

57 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground ③

I scatter the thread recklessly.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Concentration LV2』 has become 『Concentration LV3』》

The skill level of "Concentration" rose maybe because I concentrated considerably.

It doesn't matter now.

As expected, the composure has disappeared.

The monkeys lie on top of one another before my eyes and get covered with threads.

Still, the number of monkeys doesn't decrease.

Instead it's increasing steadily.

Although the number of monkeys that can't act increases, the number of reinforcement is more.

As if all the monkeys are gathering in this area.

My MP only left 2.

When the MP becomes 0 completely, I don't know what adverse effects exist, so I can't use my MP anymore.

It becomes impossible to use "Thread Manipulation".

But, at present, the effects are little.

Because the first wave of the monkeys have already approached within a stone's throw.

The enemy has approached to the distance that I don't need to use my "Thread Manipulation".

I release a thread.

Again, one of the monkeys got entangled by the thread.

Moreover, that guy took an unbelievable action.

It jumped off.

A dull sound is heard and the monkey struck the ground.

When it's this height, as expected, a monster will not survive.

The monkeys weigh on the options either to die itself or to become an obstruction to its comrades, but the monkey choose to die.

Impossible.

The abnormality makes me shivers.

I have a light expectation that if I continue to intercept them, the monkeys might give up sooner or later, but it was smashed splendidly.

The monkeys won't stop until I'm killed.

There's only 2 choice to end this, either I finish killing all the monkeys or the monkeys kill me.

A stone is thrown to me.

But, I won't avoid it anymore.

There's no time to avoid it.

A stone hits my body.

My HP decreases.

Still, I ignore it by the power of "Pain Alleviation" and "Pain Nullity".

I will leave the decreased HP to automatic recovery.

At the moment when the stone hit, I continue to scatter the threads.

If I don't do so, I can't overcome this difficult situation.

I made light of the monkeys somewhere.

It's not a big deal if I compare it with the Earth Dragon.

Certainly, most monsters are not a big deal if they are compared with 'that'.

But, it's not a good reason to make light of them.

Am I an idiot?

Did I forget my own weakness?

Compared with the weak me, it can be said that the surroundings is full of powerful enemies.

Why did I think that I'm taking on a small fry?

Moreover, the opponent launches a suicide attack unhesitatingly even against the lower rank me.

When a higher rank monster attacks at the risk of its life, there's no way I can overcome it foolishly.

When it comes to this, I have to steel myself and challenge it.

A stone hits my body again.

For an instant.

Really for an instant, I flinched from the impact.

In the chance, one of the monkeys finally gripped my leg.

It stretch out its right arm while more than half of its body being caught.

An unpleasant creaking sound can be heard from my leg.

I thrust my "Poison Fang" into the hand that's gripping my leg while enduring the pain.

It was approximately simultaneous that my leg was partly torn off and the monkey ran out of energy.

It's painful.

This is extremely painful.

It's painful even though I have "Pain Alleviation".

Can the "Automatic HP Recovery" recover my lost part?

Or, I recover by level up.

But, now's not the time to worry about my lost leg.

Time was gained considerably by that just now.

Another monkey climbs at once.

I release a thread.

I became impatient.

My remaining stamina decreased again.

The monkey that caught the thread, jumps out into the empty sky as it is.

I release the next thread without watching its fate.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV4 has become LV5》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Concentration LV3』 has become 『Concentration LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Accuracy LV3』 has become 『Accuracy LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Sturdy LV2』 has become 『Sturdy LV3』》

《Skill points gained》

At the moment when I heard the voice, I evacuate quickly in the simple home.

Although it's a good timing, it's also bad.

The shedding of skin.

I take off the old skin impatiently.

The torn leg has recovered without problem too.

I throw off the old skin and return to the front immediately.

When it's this situation, even the little time spend on the shedding of skin is fatal.

As expected, a monkey cling to the simple home.

Finally, the monkeys' threat have approached the final defense line.

Both MP and SP that ran out before recovered by level up.

But, I might already pass the stage to be able to do something with that.

No.

There's still a way.

I stretch my legs out from the edge of the simple home.

Even though my leg is gripped by the monkey, I don't care!

I touch the scattered threads that have become a huge lump of threads now.

I activate "Thread Manipulation" with all my power.

My power gradually penetrates in the thread.

The skill level rose and the number of threads that I can manipulate increased considerably too.

As expected, it's impossible to manipulate this lump, but still, it's good.

The recovered MP decreases at an awful force equivalent to the amount.

And, the gripped leg makes an unpleasant sound again.

At the same time, my whole body is pulled towards the outside of the simple home.

The monkey's arm stretch from the outside.

I somehow avoided it from gripping my head.

But, my body was caught.

The monkey puts its power to crush my body without mercy.

HP decreases rapidly, and an intense pain runs.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Life LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Magic Amount LV1』》

The threads preparation completed at the same time as the voice of heaven.

I exert my remaining strength and manipulate the threads.

The threads come off and falls from the wall according to my instructions.

Of course, together with the monkeys that are stuck there.

Together with a roaring sound, the lump of the threads and the troop of monkeys that can be called as the another wall becomes the aspect, and it falls toward the troop of monkeys that remained on the ground.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV5 has become LV6》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Manipulation LV6』 has become 『Thread Manipulation LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV3』 has become 『Overeating LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV6 has become LV7》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Alleviation LV5』 has become 『Pain Alleviation LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV5』 has become 『Stealth LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV1』 has become 『Evasion LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

I succeeded in killing a large amount of monkeys in one go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

58 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground ④

Thanks to the shedding of the level up, my body and leg separated from the monkey's hand.

The monkey's hand gripped the 2 layers of old skin.

Although most of the monkeys were knocked down to the ground due to the big fall of threads, the monkeys that clung to the simple home are still in good health.

However, their bodies have already been caught in the simple home's thread.

I add more threads so that they can't move and I finish them off with "Poison Fang".

After finishing off the last one of them, I feel relieved.

Although it's not over yet, I overcame a wave.

I whipped my heart that becomes less tense.

It's not over yet.

The monkeys are not exterminated yet.

I must not relax my attention until they are exterminated.

I go out of the simple home immediately and see the state below.

A terrible scene was there.

There was the ruin of the monkeys caught in the threads struck the ground without being able to move and the figures of the crushed monkeys.

And, in the appalling scene, the monkeys that survived didn't lose their fighting spirit.

I set up a new thread on the wall immediately.

The monkeys have not given up yet.

They will attack again as soon as the preparations are in order.

I must prepare before that.

The monkeys' reinforcement are still coming.

Really, how many of you are there....

Give me a break!

And, there was a thing that must not be in the reinforcement.

『Bugragratch　LV3　Failed to appraise its status』

『Bugragratch　LV4　Failed to appraise its status』

『Bugragratch　LV6　Failed to appraise its status』

The mouth similar to a huge crocodile.

From the mouth, I can see the countless brutal fangs similar to the saw.

About twice the length of the monkey.

It's also fat.

The deformed huge monkey was there.

That was the first monster I saw in this area.

The monkey's species name is Anogratch.

I should have noticed that the names are similar.

That huge monkey is the monkey's evolved form.

The monster that must not come over as the monkey's reinforcement has came.

The number of those guys who appeared slowly are 3.

When I look at their levels, they are lower, but since they are the higher rank monsters, I can't rely on the level even if it's low.

In the first place, even the monkey is a powerful enemy when I fight it directly, so there's no way that the evolved form is weak.

Judging from its fairly brutal appearance, I should recognized it that it's stronger than the monkey.

As expected, it's not the Earth Dragon class, but still, there are 3 monsters more powerful than the monkey.

The degree of difficulty increased again.

It's an instant that I was dumbfounded and stopped movement.

My consciousness was pulled back to the reality forcibly because the monkeys that survived have started to move.

The monkeys avoided the lump of threads that fell down, took a big detour and they begun climbing the wall from the left and right again.

From the movement, I understood that they are considerably cautious of the threads.

It's really a tough opponent.

I add a thread while paying attention to the huge monkeys.

The huge monkeys have not moved yet.

Is the cooperation with the monkeys not so positive?

Although it's good if it is, I cannot be optimistic.

I must always be careful about their movement.

The monkeys doesn't seem to throw stones anymore.

There's not much effect in it and the lump of threads that fell down obstructive, so it might not be able to reach me.

It seems that they abandon the stone-throwing and devote themselves to climb the wall.

For me, that is grateful.

That worked simply.

HP is reduced, and movement is obstructed.

If there's nothing, it has not been exceeded.

There was a movement from the huge monkey.

It lifted a rock slowly.

What, rock!?

Although it just lifted it easily, that rock, isn't it that the origin of the rock that I stick in this simple home!?

It should have been buried under the ground firmly, but it was pulled easily.

It's the rock that's heavy even if it's thinly sliced, right!?

Eh, what do you want to do with the rock?

Wait a minute, why are you swinging it?

Don't tell me!?

I evacuate from the simple home in a hurry.

The rock becomes a cannonball and pierce the simple home just after that.

After the smoke cleared up, the simple home was crushed splendidly by the rock.

No way!

What power.

If I receive such a thing, I will definitely die.

Fortunately, there's no rock around the huge monkey.

That ridiculous cannonball won't fly here.

But, the final defense line which is the simple home was destroyed easily.

From here on, I must fight without the simple home.

That is bad.

Although it's a problem that I can't rely on the defense of the simple home, it's the worst that there's no footing.

Up until now, I was able to intercept the monkeys because I have a steady footing, so I can devote myself to attack.

Now without the footing, my body might fall suddenly.

Although I won't fall headlong to the ground because the thread is connected to the ceiling, it's unchanged that I have become defenseless.

If I expose such a chance, there's no way the monkeys will remain silent.

I quickly make a decision.

I don't mind that it's hastily made, I need to make a footing.

Meanwhile, I can't set up the threads in the other places, but when the monkeys approach, I won't have the time to make the footing.

If I don't make it now, I will definitely regret in the future.

Yosh!

The footing of the size that I can stand is completed!

I will attack the monkeys here.

The second round of the defensive battle is beginning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

59 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground ⑤

The monkeys advance on.

I keep scattering the threads there.

It was like reproducing the first time.

However, there are altered parts too.

The monkeys have already understood the property of my threads.

That it's impossible to escape once caught.

Therefore, the monkey that advanced at the head extend it's body intentionally and invades the thread area.

To stick the threads of a wider range on itself.

To make the following monkeys to be able to proceed easier.

For that reason, several monkeys lay spread-eagle on the wall.

Moreover, in preparation for the big fall of threads, they stick on the wall solidly.

Like that, the path of the monkeys is made and the following monkeys advance.

The following monkeys also throw themselves once receiving my threads.

The desperate strategy that was violated for insanity without concerning themselves.

Despite all that, I'm astonished because they can think of a strategy precisely.

It's really tough.

But, no matter how many countermeasures you used, as long as it consist of sacrifices, the more they advance, the more the number of monkeys will decrease.

Since the huge monkey appeared, the reinforcement stopped coming.

If it proceed as it is now, the monkeys will be exterminated before reaching me.

That is if the huge monkey doesn't move.

I continue to be cautious of the huge monkey.

I must be cautious of that one while fighting the monkeys.

It's a work that wear down my nerves considerably.

Thanks to that, the skill level of "Concentration" rose again.

And, finally, there was a movement from the huge monkey.

The one who moves is the guy with the lowest level.

It turns around and withdraws to the back.

Although it's good that it would just leave, life is not that easy.

When the huge monkey turns around facing here, it started running straight.

Don't tell me!?

When thinking that it's possible, my intuition strikes a warning.

I prepare for the interception immediately.

As expected, what I thought came true.

The huge monkey applied an approach run to jump over the lump of threads.

And, with a dreadful jumping power, it jumped to me at a stretch.

I hurl the Cast Net that I managed to prepared in time at the jumping huge monkey.

It can't avoid it in the air and the huge monkey got caught in the Cast Net disappointingly.

The trajectory of the huge monkey shifted slightly downward by having caught in the Cast Net.

It crashes into the wall right under me.

It gets entangled in the thread with a dull sound and stops in the state stuck to the wall.

The huge monkey revives from that state immediately and begins to act violently to escape from the threads.

Without delay, I added threads on it while creating Spider Poison using "Poison Synthesis" and I dropped it at the big mouth.

The huge monkey writhes in agony because of the double pain of thread and poison.

I use "Poison Synthesis" once more while being impatient that it didn't die in one Spider Poison.

The drops of poisonous water enter the big mouth neatly.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV7 has become LV8》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Visible Range Expansion LV1』 has become 『Visible Range Expansion LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Acid Resistance LV3』 has become 『Acid Resistance LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

I understood that the huge monkey died because a level rose.

I throw off the old skin hastily.

I can't afford to feel relieved now.

I turned around towards the invading monkeys, and the one of the huge monkey was there.

Taking the advantage when I was busy with the huge monkey that has jumped over a little while ago, it has already crawl up here using the same route as the monkey.

Fast!?

It should have been on the ground a little while ago, but it has come this far.

The monkeys that became the path of the huge monkey were crushed without mercy.

It has the leg strength and grip strength to that extent, and it ran the whole distance to here in the blink of an eye.

I release a thread at the huge monkey in a hurry.

The huge monkey avoids it quickly even though it's on a vertical wall.

But, there's no path of the monkeys ahead it.

My threads covered all over the wall stickily there.

The huge monkey sticks on the wall.

Although it struggles to tear it off immediately, it seems that my threads can't be removed easily even with the power of the huge monkey.

But, the wall begins to produce a disturbing sound earlier than the thread.

Of course, I will never allow such a thing.

I added threads all over it immediately and I leave it as it is.

It should be able to last for a while.

I return my eyes immediately.

The second one have moved, so that means, the third one must be moving already.

The prediction was proved right.

I found the third one immediately.

The approaching figure was just about to close its mouth towards me now.

!!?

It's no longer the time to be concern of falling anymore.

Or rather, I moved reflexively without thinking.

I jump into the air from the footing.

I was not able to avoid it, and my legs on the right side and a part of my body were crunched.

My HP decreases at a stretch.

Together with a terrible pain, my consciousness blinks.

But, if I lose my consciousness here, then I will never wake up anymore.

I fire a thread hastily in the air.

The thread that sticks to the wall prevents my fall.

But, I struck against the wall in reaction and I almost lose my consciousness for an instant.

I clench my fangs and hold on to my consciousness.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Faint Resistance LV1』》

Wondering whether or not it's because of the new skill, I somehow manage to hold on to my consciousness.

I turn my eyes towards the place where the footing is.

The third huge monkey destroyed the footing and was caught in the ruins of threads.

It's natural.

There's no way that I would make a normal footing.

When the time comes, the footing is made to be able to become a trap.

But, I didn't thought that it would be destroyed by a blow.

I move to the top.

Because half of my legs disappeared, I moved using "Thread Manipulation" to pull me up.

I moved up further than the raging huge monkey.

I make full use of "Thread Manipulation" to restrict the huge monkey and fix it to open its big mouth.

I synthesis Spider Poison using "Poison Synthesis" and let the huge monkey swallow it.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV8 has become LV9》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Automatic HP Recovery LV2』 has become 『Automatic HP Recovery LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Life LV1』 has become 『Life LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Agility LV1』 has become 『Agility LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Endurance LV1』 has become 『Endurance LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

Shedding of skin by level up.

Fuu.

I thought I was gonna die.

That one just now was really dangerous.

I might be seriously dead if I didn't level up.

But, it's until here.

Because the second one seems to break out of the restriction soon, more threads were added.

Because the huge monkey crushed their precious path, the monkeys didn't advance as much as I expected.

It looks like I can still recover the time I have used to fight against the huge monkeys.

If they still have any cards to play, then it's a different story, but right now, the monkeys have no way to reverse this situation.

Even so, I can't be careless.

Because of that, I have experienced a lot of painful experiences.

I don't intend to relax till the end.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The conclusion of the battle.

Keeping Monster Killer as it is.

60 The defensive battle of 100 meters above ground End

The last monkey is caught in the thread before my eyes.

The stretched hand can't reach me.

I coil a thread around the hand to completely seal its movement.

I look around the surroundings.

There are monkeys caught in the threads everywhere.

There are no free monkeys.

Just to be sure, I look around at the ground briefly in my vision range, but the monkey's reinforcements didn't come.

Even if I listen carefully, I don't hear the sound like it.

Finally, I managed to incapacitate all the monkeys.

Although I almost feel relaxed when I think that "I won", it's not over yet.

I only incapacitate them and I haven't finished killing them yet.

Below, there are monkeys caught in the threads to the extent that it's troublesome to count them.

Among them, there's also the figure of the especially big huge monkey.

The last huge monkey is still struggling to tear the threads.

Actually, the power of the huge monkey exceeds the limit that the thread can endure.

Although it won't tear immediately, it will get away soon if I leave it.

Therefore, I added threads each time to restrict it again.

I continue restricting the huge monkey while intercepting the monkeys.

It was unexpectedly hard.

I'm glad that I didn't relax after I defeated two huge monkeys.

Because I have to use more power than I thought to restrict the huge monkey, both MP and SP are almost exhausted.

The reason why I didn't kill it earlier was because I didn't have the time to do so.

I didn't have the time to kill the huge monkey in the situation where the monkeys are approaching.

There's also that the huge monkey was on the route that the monkeys are using.

If I were to kill the huge monkey, then it's necessary to approach the monkeys myself.

There's no way I can do such a suicidal act.

The thing that I feared the most was that whether or not the monkeys will help removing the restrictions on the huge monkey.

I was considerably afraid that it might break through my restrictions if they have the power of the huge monkey and the cooperation of the monkeys.

But, the monkeys didn't do it.

The monkeys that give priority to efficiency even if they die, somehow didn't pick the most effective strategy in this situation that is to save the huge monkey.

Although I feel relieved, the monkeys' behavioral principle is mysterious.

Well, when I say that, I don't understand the attack itself.

I don't think they consider me as a food, so I don't understand the why did they attack me.

The one I can think of is that I killed a monkey some time ago, but is there a need to do to that much just because of that? Un.

Umu.

It can't be helped even if I think about it.

I can't understand what a monster thinks.

For now, I will kill the huge monkey.

As expected, I don't have the courage to bite such a dangerous creature directly.

Therefore, I make Spider Poison using "Poison Synthesis" and throw it into its mouth from the top similar to the other two.

After drinking two drops of poison, the huge monkey stopped moving.

Because the biggest worry disappeared, I will kill the remaining monkeys one by one with "Poison Fang".

Although the "Poison Fang" uses a little SP, it didn't bother me so far.

The cost is low and I haven't experience the situation where my SP runs out so far.

But, as expected, there's a lot of monkeys.

Indeed, even the "Poison Fang" will run out against such number.

I ate a monkey halfway to recover my stamina unwillingly.

The incapacitated monkeys intimidate me when I approched them.

Although I feel that there's fear mixed in there, I don't care about it.

You guys should be prepared to be killed because you guys are the one who came and picked a fight with the intention to kill me.

When you become the one to be killed, don't accept it meekly.

Thus, I killed it without minding it.

《Conditions met. Title 『Merciless』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Merciless』, skill 『Heresy Magic LV1』『Heresy Resistance LV1』 was acquired》

《『Heresy Magic LV1』 has unified with 『Heresy Magic LV2』》

I acquired a title.

Moreover, it's another dangerous one.

This is the second title that has the "Heresy Magic".

I cannot help but to express a regret.

I'm not a heretic!

It's true!

For the time being, let's postpone the confirmation of the new skill.

I have acquired skills when my level rose in the middle of the fight, so I will confirm it all at once when I have the time afterwards.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Taratect LV9 has become LV10》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Synthesis LV2』 has become 『Poison Synthesis LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Throw LV2』 has become 『Throw LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Magic Amount LV1』 has become 『Magic Amount LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Individual, Small Taratect can evolve》

When I was dealing with the monkeys, a level rose.

I see.

I'm already level 10.

Already!?

Certainly, it rose rapidly when I was fighting, but can I evolve already!?

《There are multiple choices of evolution. Please choose from the following.

Taratect

Small Poison Taratect》

Hmm?

It's as expected that the 'Small' was removed from the name, but Small Poison Taratect?

Is it specialized in poison because it has 'Poison' attached to it?

Well, let's postpone this too.

There's no way I can evolve in a situation where I can't feel relieved.

I must kill all the monkeys quickly.

《Conditions met. Title 『Monster Slaughterer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Monster Slaughterer』, skill 『Herculean Strength LV1』『Solid LV1』 was acquired》

《『Powerful LV3』 has unified with 『Herculean Strength LV1』》

《『Sturdy LV3』 has unified with 『Solid LV1』》(堅牢)

Hmmm?

Again, a title?

It's also has a dangerous name.

Is it a higher rank of the "Monster Killer"?

Did the "Powerful" and "Sturdy" unified with a different skill?

I must confirm it later.

After that, I just kill the monkeys plainly.

"Poison Fang", "Poison Fang", eat sometimes and reinforces it with threads.

And, all the lives except me were defeated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

61 I'm going to evolve! Part 2

Well then, it's good that the monkeys have been exterminated, but what should I do in the future?

For the time being, the surroundings are quiet.

Other monsters didn't come near in spite of the noise here.

It might avoid it because it's noisy.

At any rate, it looks like there's time.

It's hard to say that it's safe if I make a simple home near the ceiling again, but if it's a weak monster, it won't be able to approach.

To be frank, I think that I can evolve if it's now.

Although I don't know how long is the interval when I lose my consciousness after I evolve, judging from my sense before, I don't think it's a long time.

It's just a sense, so I can't expect on it.

Either way, whatever the case is, evolution is haunted by danger.

Then, it doesn't looks like it's a good timing to evolve if I exclude the large amount of food that was secured unexpectedly.

When saying whether I should evolve or not, I will absolutely evolve.

Besides, if I assume that I don't evolve, I might stop at level 10.

After I became level 10, I have killed a considerable number of monkeys.

But, the level didn't rise after all.

It's good if the experience points was insufficient, but there's a possibility that I may not grow anymore if I don't evolve.

When thinking about it, I think I should acknowledge the risks and evolve.

The problem is which one should I evolve.

Taratect and Small Poison Taratect.

Un.

I don't know.

Last time, there was a clear difference that is the deteriorating species and the normal species, but I don't know what to choose this time.

I think that Taratect is probably the evolution to become an adult.

But, it's unknown that how much I will change.

I also don't know about the Poison.

Because it's has 'Poison' on the name, it might strengthen the poison-type abilities, but how about the others?

I'm at a loss.

It would be good if "Appraisal" is possible at such time.

"Appraisal", possible?

Huh?

At bottom of the appraisal result of the status, there's something that looks like an alert.

Eh, evolution possible?

What's this?

The word "Evolution Possible" is blinking.

Hmm?

I double appraise it just in case.

『Evolution Possible：Taratect or Small Poison Taratect』

Wh...at!?

Appraisal-san, are you serious!?

You're the best!

Yossha!

With this, I can appraise my evolution!

No, recently, Appraisal-san's function is not ordinary.

I appraise it immediately.

『Taratect：The standard adult form of the spider-type monster called the Taratect. Carnivorous and has poison in its fang』

『Small Poison Taratect：The rare species hatchling of the spider-type monster called the Taratect. It has very powerful poison』

I have decided it.

The poison one.

I mean, it's a rare species, you know?

Rare, it's rare.

I would obviously pick the rare one if you ask me to pick a standard or a rare.

Japanese are weak against words like "rare" or "limited".

Now that it's decided, I need to make a simple home first.

Ah, I don't have much stamina left.

Here, I should eat a nearby monkey and recover my stamina.

Fuu, thank you for the meal.

Well then, let's make a simple home.

The empty rocky area, well, what can I say about it!

An excellent cobweb is there!

This time it's without rock.

In this state where the monkeys stick all over the place, it won't be a camouflage even if I use the rock.

However, I'm tired.

Mentally and physically.

After such a fierce battle, of course I will be tired.

Although faint is different with sleeping, it feels like a short rest.

《Individual Small Taratect evolves into Small Poison Taratect》

Yes.

Therefore, good night.

《Evolution completed》

《Became the Small Poison Taratect species》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Fang LV8』 has become 『Poison Fang LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Spider Thread LV8』 has become 『Spider Thread LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Manipulation LV7』 has become 『Thread Manipulation LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Concentration LV4』 has become 『Concentration LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV7』 has become 『Appraisal LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Magic LV2』 has become 『Heresy Magic LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Shadow Magic LV1』 has become 『Shadow Magic LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Magic LV1』 has become 『Poison Magic LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Resistance LV7』 has become 『Poison Resistance LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Petrifaction Resistance LV2』 has become 『Petrifaction Resistance LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Faint Resistance LV1』 has become 『Faint Resistance LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Resistance LV1』 has become 『Heresy Resistance LV2』》

《Acquired skill 『Poison Attack LV5』 by evolution》

《『Poison Fang LV9』 has unified with 『Poison Attack LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Attack LV5』 has become 『Poison Attack LV9』》

《Skill points gained》

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

62 Poison spider

Good morning.

I was able to wake up safely.

That means, the evolution is completed.

Umu.

The same as last time, I'm extremely hungry and sluggish.

Here, as expected, I will have the monkeys to become my food.

I glance at the outside from the simple home.

Yosh yosh.

There's nothing.

Safety confirmation, good!

Then, let's eat one after another.

Itadakimasu.

Well, let's confirm my status while eating.

The skill levels kept rising during the battle and there are also new skills, so I think there's a great change because I evolved.

Well now, how's the appraisal result!?

『Small Poison Taratect　LV1　No name

Status

ＨＰ：５６／５６（Green）

ＭＰ：１／５６（Blue）

ＳＰ：５４／５６（Yellow）

：１／５６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３８

Average Defensive Ability：３８

Average Magic Ability：２７

Average Resistance Ability：２７

Average Speed Ability：５３７

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV3」「Poison Attack LV9」「Poison Synthesis LV3」「Spider Thread LV9」「Severing Thread LV4」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV3」「Concentration LV5」「Accuracy LV4」「Evasion LV2」「Appraisal LV8」「Detect LV4」「Stealth LV6」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV2」「Poison Magic LV2」「Overeating LV4」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Poison Resistance LV8」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV2」「Fear Resistance LV6」「Heresy Resistance LV2」「Pain Nullity」「 Pain Alleviation LV6」「Life LV2」「Magic Amount LV2」「Agility LV2」「Endurance LV2」「Herculean Strength LV1」「Solid LV1」「Idaten LV2」「Taboo LV2」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：２００』

Oh?

Ooh!

Status rises, yes, it did rise.

Although I thought that it will increase dramatically, the others are lower than the speed as usual.

Only the speed is way too high.

I wonder how many kilometers per hour will be displayed if I run at full speed?

I seem to be able to escape by only running if it's an average opponent.

My skill levels rose considerably.

Hmm?

There are some that changed after evolution.

Hmm, it's unkind that I don't know what changed during the time I sleep.

I wonder if there's a log or something.

SP decreased as expected, but I didn't expect MP to decrease.

I didn't noticed it last time.

Well, when I evolved last time, I hardly use my MP.

Now, I'm using "Thread Manipulation" and the one that performed excellently this time, "Poison Synthesis".

No, I was really helped by "Poison Synthesis" this time.

Although I thought that it's strange when I acquired it, unexpectedly, it has many ways to use it.

Let's try it variously in the future.

Which reminds me, seems the skill level has increased, the poison that I can synthesize might increase.

『Poison Synthesis Menu』

『Weak Poison, Spider Poison LV9』

『Damage Adjustment, Duration Adjustment』

Hmm?

Although there's no new poison, there's something under it.

Damage adjustment and duration adjustment?

『Damage Adjustment：Change the power of the poison attribute』

『Duration Adjustment：Change the effect duration of the poison』

Fumu.

This, in short, is it able to adjust the poison's power and the duration of the continuous damage when the poison invades the body?

I try to adjust the Weak Poison.

The amount of damage and the duration appeared, and the numerical value of plus-minus(±) is displayed.

Now, it's ±0.

I try adding the damage.

The numerical value rose to its maximum that is 3.

Un.

I understood it roughly.

With this, I can customize the poison freely.

When I want it to suffer longer, I need to increase the duration, and when I want to damage it, I need to increase the power.

I can make poison of my preference.

However, it looks like the there's a customizable limit value that is the skill level.

Although I try to adjust Spider Poison, it's impossible to change the damage to 9.

The customizable field might increase if the skill level increase.

Then, I can use poison properly depending on the situation.

Oh!

The "Poison Synthesis" stock rose again!

Next, let's see the poison-related skills.

The "Poison Fang" disappeared and changed into "Poison Attack".

『Poison Attack：Gives poison attribute to the attack』

Well.

Eh?

Does this means that I can give poison to all of my attacks?

Eh?

What's with that terrifying skill?

In short, does that means that I can give poison to my threads?

Eh?

No matter how you look at it, isn't that too strong?

The rule breaker "Spider Thread" won't restrain itself anymore, you know?

Is it okay?

Is it really okay?

....I must test it as soon as my stamina is recovered.

Oh, "Poison Magic" also leveled up.

It's also a poison connection, so let's check it.

『Poison Magic：The magic that manipulates poison. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Poison Touch LV2：Poison Bullet』

『Poison Bullet：Shoots a poison attribute bullet』

Ah, this is a long distance attack.

It's a considerably standard long distance attack.

I want to use it.

But, I can't.

Really, how to use magic?

Un.

"Poison Resistance" also increased.

Is this all for the poison-related?

As expected from the Poison rare species.

The improvement of the poison-related is impressive.

The "Poison Attack" is particularly dangerous.

I must verify it as soon as my stamina is recovered.

If this skill is as I expect, then my strength will increase to a great extent.

Although my status didn't increased much, the skills increased considerably.

Because I depend on my skills, it might be better to increase my skills instead of increasing my status.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

63 Appraisal-san, no, Appraisal-sama!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV4』 has become 『Overeating LV5』》

Oh.

The "Overeating" skill level rose when I kept eating the monkeys.

Well, I guess so.

When I have eaten this much.

It will increase too.

Haven't the number of monkeys I've eaten already reached 3-digits?

Still, it's strange that my belly doesn't swell.

It's the mysterious phenomenon that happens just after evolution, but really, where did the large amount of things that I have eaten disappear?

And, I can still eat even though I have eaten so much.

For the time being, let's eat all of the monkeys by force.

I confirm the skills other than the poison-related while eating.

This time, a lot of skill levels rose.

I'm particularly happy that the "Spider Thread" and "Thread Manipulation" leveled up.

Because both are my main skills together with the new skill, the "Poison Attack"

Originally, the "Spider Thread" skill level is hard to raise, but after it becomes high level, it really stopped rising.

I'm happy that it leveled up here.

Hmm, "Concentration" rose too.

It should have a lower level before I fight with the monkeys.

That means that the fight with the monkeys was that intense.

Because I concentrated deeply, a good amount of skill proficiency is earned.

Gaining more experiences makes the skill proficiency to increase better.

Because "Accuracy" rose frequently, it might be like that.

Which reminds me, when I hide myself from the Earth Dragon, the skill levels of "Stealth" and "Fear Resistance" rose in an incredible speed.

That time, I was literally desperate.

Next is, oh, two kinds of magic other than the poison rose too.

Let's see.

『Heresy Magic：The magic that violates the soul directly. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Disturb LV2：Phantom Pain LV3：Phantom Madness』

『Shadow Magic：A low rank Dark Magic that manipulates shadow. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Dark Shadow LV2：Large Shadow』

『Phantom Madness：Plants insanity directly into the soul』

『Large Shadow：Changes the size of the shadow』

What should I say?

The "Heresy Magic" is seriously a heretic.

What?

Planting insanity?

Does it means that it makes people go mad forcibly?

That's nasty.

I want to use it.

And, the "Shadow Magic" one is strange.

It's the same as level 1 Dark Shadow and that means it's pointless if it's not used together with high level magic.

Either way, although I can't use it, magic seems to be hard to raise.

Because up until now, it doesn't have any use in the combat.

Either way, it's not usable!

I said it twice because it's important!

The resistance-type also increase frequently.

Let's examine the newly acquired "Faint Resistance" and "Heresy Resistance".

It might be a skill that has a different effect with its name like corrosion.

No, just by looking at its name, it's obvious that I would think "what is this?" when I see the "Heresy Resistance".

『Faint Resistance：It becomes harder to faint』

『Heresy Resistance：The defensive ability against the effect that violates the soul directly increases』

As expected, it's as it is.

Un.

Although "Heresy Resistance" is good, is the "Faint Resistance" effective against sleep attacks?

No, I don't know whether there's a sleep attack or not.

If there is, won't it become sleep resistance?

How is the "Faint Resistance" at that part?

Un.

If there's a enemy with sleep attack, let's not rely on the "Faint Resistance".

Fumu.

Next is, "Life" and "Magic Amount", then "Herculean Strength" and "Solid".

Though I can roughly predict it.

『Life：Increases HP equivalent to the skill level』

『Magic Amount：Increases MP equivalent to the skill level』

『Herculean Strength：A bonus of skill level×10 is added to the Average Offensive Ability. And, a growth correction equivalent to the skill level is added when level up』

『Solid：A bonus of skill level×10 is added to the Average Defensive Ability. And, a growth correction equivalent to the skill level is added when level up』

Well, it's as expected.

It's the status raising skills.

I'm happy with the "Herculean Strength" and "Solid".

Because "Powerful" and "Sturdy" were unified, I have expected it to some degree that it's the strengthening-type skills, but I didn't thought that it comes with a growth correction like "Idaten".

After all, the "Monster Slaughterer" title is the higher rank title of "Monster Killer".

I also acquired "Powerful" and "Sturdy" from the "Monster Killer".

If I express my selfishness, I want those two to stay without being unified.

When thinking of my poor status, I want even a slight rise.

Especially, the defensive ability.

I was almost dead in the fight with the monkeys.

Un.

But, will it level up early if the skill proficiency was added into the skill after it's unified?

When thinking so, is it better to unify it?

Well, it's already too late.

Well then.

The last one.

Yes, the last one.

I left it till the last.

That's obvious.

At first, it keeps betraying my expectation, and recently, when I think that it's in good form, it's in this state.

Finally, just when I thought that it finally came to meet my expectations, this poor treatment.

Do you understand my disappointment?

Hey, Appraisal-san?

Your level rose, right?

Why there's no progress even though you leveled up?

No, it's alright.

Certainly, it became possible to see the skill points from the status.

It's convenient.

But, judging from your recent progress, are you slacking?

You have been in good form recently, so did you get carried away?

Hey, how is it?

Haa.

Nai wa.

Can I say it after a long time?

It's useless.

Aaah.

Well, I will endure it because it's convenient that the skill point is displayed.

Let's appraise the skill point while I'm at it.

Up until now, I have used it without understanding it well, so let's just see the summary.

With a click.

Something appeared in a line.

What's this?

For the time being, let's see the contents.

...

...

....

Appraisal-san, no, Appraisal-sama.

I have said it irresponsibly. I'm sorry, I'm sorry!

You are the greatest!

The petty me was not able to understand your greatness!

Please forgive me!

The thing displayed there was the list of skills that can be acquired with the current skill points.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

64 Appraisal-sama is really an intelligent person

Appraisal-sama is really incredible.

The skills that I can acquire appear in the list displayed with how many points they cost.

The current number of points I have is 200.

Because a skill requires a minimum of 100 points, I can either acquire two 100 point skills or one 200 point skill.

Well, that's fine.

The thing that’s important here is that the appraisal displays unacquired skills.

As long as it's displayed, it's possible to double appraise.

In other words, I can check the effect of unacquired skills before acquiring them!

Splendid!

If I use this function, I can find useful skills. It’s not necessary to acquire them while worrying whether they’re usable or not.

Besides, depending on the situation, I can find skills that seem to be attainable by earning skill proficiency without needing to use my skill points.

The unacquired skills spread out before me.

Thus, let's appraise the skills displayed in the list one after another.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV5』 has become 『Overeating LV6』》

The skill level of “Overeating” rose again as I continued eating while appraising.

But, there's still a lot of monkeys left, and it seems that my belly is still far from its limit.

My belly is incredible.

Is there a "Different Dimension Belly" title?

Fuu.

It's wonderful.

Even what is displayed now seems to be an illustrated encyclopedia.

Won’t it increase even more if I save up 300 points?

It will probably increase.

But, I need to raise my level to that extent.

Although my level rose due to fighting the monkeys in a struggle to the death like an idiot, it doesn’t usually increase that much all at once like this time.

But, the displayed skills now will no longer be displayed if I use up my points.

That's troublesome.

But, if there's a good skill, I want to acquire it.

What a dilemma.

What should I do?

Should I acquire a skill? Or should I save up my points?

Ku, I'm troubled.

I have already finished appraising all of the displayed skills.

There were some skills that I'm interested in.

『Magic Perception：Becomes possible to perceive magical power』

『Magic Manipulation：Becomes possible to manipulate magical power』

Aren’t these two necessary to use magic?

It really looks like it. Considering the way these two are displayed together, it feels like it’s on purpose.

Perhaps, these are skills that show their effects when in a set.

I can acquire both of them at just 200 points.

But, there's a big problem.

Actually, I already had "Magic Perception".

It’s in the “Detection” skill.

Yes, “Magic Perception” is also included in the “Detection” skill.

That means, even if I acquire "Magic Perception", it might unify with “Detection”.

That's unacceptable.

Or perhaps I should say, if that happens, I might not be able to use magic for the rest of my life.

I can’t activate “Detection” and if that happens, I won’t be able to activate “Magic Perception too.

According to my expectations, if these two skills are a set necessary to use magic, then I might have been checkmated.

Eh, what's with this vicious bug?

No no.

It hasn’t been decided that it will happen that way.

Surely, I will become able to use magic someday.

Therefore, I will put this matter on hold.

There might be a skill that can make "Detection" usable.

But, it's doubtful that it can really become usable, and I don't want to use my valuable skill points any further on a useless skill.

Here, a skill that can be used immediately with clear effects is good after all.

The "Poison Claw" skill that I considered before is no longer needed because I already have the "Poison Attack" skill.

Although acquiring "SP Consumption Down" would not be a loss, its priority is not high because I have "Overeating".

Or rather, I was able to acquire the "Automatic HP Recovery" naturally, so I might acquire "SP Consumption Down" sooner or later.

Well, although I look troubled, I have already set my eyes on a skill.

Now, I just need to decide whether I should acquire a skill or I should save my points.

The skill was clearly distinct from the others.

In various ways.

『Pride（１００）：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. The rate at which you gain experience and skill proficiency rises greatly and each ability growth value rises. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

I don't understand it.

The explanation and also why only 100 points is needed to acquire such a skill.

Although I appraised ｎ％, Ｗ, ＭＡ area, all of the results were 『Impossible to appraise』.

The thing I managed to understand from the explanation was that this skill has an effect that increases how many experience points you receive and it increases your skill proficiency, it also gives growth corrections.

With that alone, it’s already an extraordinary ability.

To be honest, I'm unsure of what I should do.

Such an incomprehensible skill is too dangerous.

I don't know what kind of demerits it has.

But, if I think about it, there are a lot of benefits.

There's no other skill that can increase the rate at which you gain experience and skill proficiency.

I don’t know how much of an effect the growth corrections will have, but the difference seems large.

Really, what should I do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

65 Pride

Pride, the word known well in the seven deadly sins.

It's considered as the most serious sin among the seven deadly sins, and it's used as the title of the Satan.

If this name appears in the game, it's an enemy of the last boss class and it is also used for the name of the cursed weapon even though it's strong.

From the sound of the word, I can imagine that it's a useless skill.

But, the confirmed effects are very attractive.

There's a temptation that makes me want to jump at it even if I know that it's a trap.

Exactly like the devil's temptation.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV6』 has become 『Overeating LV7』》

I ate up all of the monkeys before I knew it.

I'm incredible.

Did I ate all of them?

As expected, my stamina is fully recovered.

That means, I have a large amount of energy saved if I add up with the "Overeating" stock.

Come to think of it, the "Overeating" skill said that I will gain weight accordingly, but is my body that fat?

Un.

Although I can't say anything because I can't see my body, I don't think I seem to be fat.

Ah, come to think of it, my appearance didn't change at all even though I evolved.

Although it was the same as before, is the Taratect species a species that doesn't change its appearance much?

Or it changes gradually?

Hmm, I feel like there's no change.

When looking at the monkey and the huge monkey, it clearly becomes a different creature.

I don't think that it's the result of gradually changing.

Well then, let's stop escaping from reality here, and think seriously.

This explanation of the "Pride" skill is similar to the mysterious skill that I have that is 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」.

Because it's this similar, so it doesn't seems to be unrelated.

At present, the effects of this mysterious skill is still unknown.

It's neither a plus nor minus, probably.

When thinking so, there's no demerit?

...It's not good to assume it easily.

But, my heart has decided it.

No, I have decided it from the beginning.

I have such feeling.

I must acquire this skill.

I have such a vague feeling.

I must acquire this skill.

It can't be helped that I felt like that.

《Currently you have 200 skill points.

The skill 『Pride』 can be acquired by spending 100 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

Yes.

《『Pride』 was acquired. Remaining skill points 100》

Yosh.

I did it!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV2』 has become 『Taboo LV4』》

I have done it!

《Conditions met. Title 『Ruler of Pride』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ruler of Pride』, skill 『Abyss Magic LV10』『Hell』 was acquired》

I did it!

O-oh.

Why did it become like this?

No no.

Isn't it impossible!?

What's this?

What's this?

I will say it once more.

What's this?

"Taboo" level rose.

Moreover, it's two.

I have done it!

I acquire an amazing title.

Yay?

No, something like "Abyss Magic", it's definitely a high rank magic, right?

Moreover, it's level 10.

Isn't it strange?

For the time being, let's confirm the effect of "Abyss Magic" and "Hell".

『Small Poison Taratect　LV1　No name

Status

ＨＰ：５６／５６（Green）

ＭＰ：１４／１５６（Blue）

ＳＰ：５４／５６（Yellow）

：５６／５６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３８

Average Defensive Ability：３８

Average Magic Ability：１２７

Average Resistance Ability：１２７

Average Speed Ability：５３７

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV3」「Poison Attack LV9」「Poison Synthesis LV3」「Spider Thread LV9」「Severing Thread LV4」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV3」「Concentration LV5」「Accuracy LV4」「Evasion LV2」「Appraisal LV8」「Detection LV4」「Stealth LV6」「Hell」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV2」「Poison Magic LV2」「Abyss Magic LV10」「Pride」「Overeating LV7」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Poison Resistance LV8」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV2」「Fear Resistance LV6」「Heresy Resistance LV2」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV6」「Life LV2」「Magic Amount LV2」「Agility LV2」「Endurance LV2」「Herculean Strength LV1」「Sturdy LV1」「Idaten LV2」「Taboo LV4」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill Points：１００』

Wait.

Wait a minute.

It's strange.

The status is strange.

When did my MP, Magic, and Resistance increase that much?

All increased by 100.

Why?

...Is this also the effect of "Pride"?

No, well, I don't care about the increased amount though.

Un.

It's a defeat if I care about it.

Well now, appraise, appraise.

『Abyss Magic：The highest rank Dark Magic that manipulates the darkness of the abyss. The magic that can be used differs depending on the level. LV1：Hell Gate LV2：Insincere Hell LV3：Lust Hell LV4：Gourmet Hell LV5：Greed Hell LV6：Wrath Hell LV7：Heresy Hell LV8：Oppression Hell LV9：Deception Hell LV10：Rebellion Hell』

『Hell：Manifest the Hell』

Eh, eeeh.

What should I say?

It's extremely dangerous.

What's with this Hell series?

Something like manifesting the Hell, it's clearly dangerous.

『Hell Gate：The gate of the beginning』

『Insincere Hell：Hell of those who are insincere and innocent』

『Lust Hell：Hell of those who are tainted by lewdness』

『Gourmet Hell：Hell of those who enjoyed delicious food』

『Greed Hell：Hell of those who will do anything for their greed』

『Wrath Hell：Hell of those who were affected by wrath』

『Heresy Hell：Hell of those who leaned on heresy』

『Oppression Hell：Hell of those who committed violence』

『Deception Hell：Hell of those who whispered lies』

『Rebellion Hell：Hell of those who raised a rebellion』

(TL note: Translating this is HELL!!!)

Moreover, what's with this appraisal results?

No, the effect of the magic doesn't matter.

Who's the guy who made this appraisal result!?

For the time being, I tried whether the "Hell" is usable or not, but nothing happens.

I became feel like disappointed, relieved and strange.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

66 Skill rush

Ah.

The feeling that I have done it is incredible.

Such an outrageous skill, what kind of pitfall lurks in it.

No matter how I think, isn't it weird that the title was acquired right after acquiring the skill?

Besides, it's a clearly dangerous title.

Leveling "Taboo" seems to be dangerous too.

Umumu.

It's scary that there's no demerit that can be known immediately.

Both "Pride" and "Taboo" have yet to show any effects.

Please don't let me get into a situation where a noose is gradually tightened around my neck without my notice until it's too late.

Well, when I think oppositely, it won't happen right away.

There's nothing I can do, so I should panic when that time comes.

That is if I have the time to panic....

For the time being, I will save my remaining skill points.

Although I want to use the newly acquired magic, I think I can't make progress if I don't do something about "Detection".

The "Magic Manipulation" is probably necessary, and if that's the case, then it's necessary to acquire "Magic Manipulation" and a skill that can do something about "Detection".

With only 100 points, I can only pick one of them.

For the time being, let's wait until it becomes 200 points.

Now that I have eat up all of the monkeys, there's no need to stay here anymore.

Let's move quickly.

I start moving along the wall again.

However, it's quiet.

Usually, the monsters' voice can be heard from a distance, but now, I can't hear it much.

There's no figure of a monster either. It's a rare quietness.

Is this because of the monkeys?

Well, when there's such a large crowd moving, it's obvious that the other monsters will run away.

I think it's probably so.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Prediction LV1』》

Hmm?

Skill acquired?

Let's see.

『Prediction：The thinking ability increases when predicting』

Hmm.

Well, I won't be troubled if I have it, but even without it, it's not particularly a good skill.

Because it's not possible to know the answer or the result.

It just makes me able to be quick-witted, and it only has effect in limited situations.

I mean, it was in the list of skills that can be acquired with 100 points.

This has the same points as "Pride"....

It's strange after all.

However, there's really no monster here.

I don't feel any dangers and it doesn't seem that there's a dangerous guy wandering around.

There's nothing here even if I look around the surroundings.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Enhanced Vision LV1』》

Oh?

Again, a skill was acquired?

Let's see.

『Enhanced Vision：The vision is enhanced』

It's as it is!

Well, it's obvious.

But, this is also no needed.

The spider's eye are considerably good.

Although I can't live without glasses because I'm shortsighted in my previous life, I can see way ahead now.

I mean, this skill is also 100 points.

Come to think of it, there was a similar skill that enhanced the other five senses.

If the condition to acquire the "Enhanced Vision" is to strain my eyes, then will the skill proficiency of the other skills accumulate if I'm conscious?

Thus, let's try it immediately.

First of all, ear.

How does the spider's ear work?

It's a mystery even though it's myself.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Enhanced Hearing LV1』》

Oh, the skill that I aimed was acquired.

Then, let's try the others.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Enhanced Smell LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Enhanced Touch LV1』》

Let's do the taste when I eat next time.

However, it's this easy to acquire skills.

Certainly, because of the spider's senses are excellent, I was not conscious up until now.

As expected, if I don't concentrate my consciousness, my skill proficiency won't increase.

Otherwise, I would have acquired it already.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV1』 has become 『Prediction LV2』》

Already!?

I acquired it just a while ago, right!?

Why a level rose already?

No, well, it's fine.

I welcome those who increase.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Parallel Thought LV1』》

Eh, again!?

Moreover, this is the skill that I thought that might be able do something about "Detection"!

『Parallel Thought：Becomes possible to think about several matters at the same time』

In my opinion, I think that the reason why "Detection" is not usable is that my thought can't catch up with the excess information.

Then I thought of the skills that can assist my thoughts.

One of the skills is "Parallel Thought".

I did it!

But, how did I acquired it?

I didn't particularly think about several matters.

Ah, it's the Appraisal-sama.

I always turn on the Appraisal-sama.

I'm in the condition where the appraisal results of the surroundings always flow into my head.

Although I always ignore it because I was hardly interested, it can be said that I'm thinking about several matters.

There's no other cause and it seems that way.

With this, as expected, it's strange, right?

I acquired too many skill.

No matter how you look at it, isn't it strange to acquire this many skills suddenly?

Well, I know the cause.

"Pride".

The skill proficiency that can be acquired increases greatly.

Un.

That must be it.

I mean, isn't it that the skill proficiency is increasing absurdly?

Although I can't say anything because I don't know the exact numerical value, it seems to increase considerably.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV2』 has become 『Prediction LV3』》

Look at it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

67 A formidable enemy appears! The name is Detection!

Well, now that I have acquired a new skill that might make "Detection" usable, let's try it immediately.

Suu, haa.

Yosh.

"Detection" on.

Guhoa! (　グホアッ！)

Impossible impossible!

Off, off!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV1』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV4』 has become 『Detection LV5』》

Zee, haa. (　ゼー、ハー。)

My head hurts.

Well.

The skill level of "Parallel Thought" is 1.

Judging from the skills so far, I shouldn't expect much from a level 1.

I hardly felt any changes.

Although the skill level of "Parallel Thought" rose just now, "Detection" also rose at the same time.

It's pointless if "Detection" rose.

It's no good when the skill level of "Detection" rises because the information volume will increase.

If "Detection" rose whenever "Parallel Thought" rose, it's like a cat-and-mouse game.

The skill level of "Detection" rose whenever it's activated in an absurd speed. Rather than a cat-and-mouse game, I seemed to be left behind.

And the growth becomes faster by the effects of "Pride".

However, really, what is this guy called "Detection"?

What a terrible monster it is.

That I can't do anything.

I never thought that there was a formidable enemy of the Earth Dragon class so close to me.

I don't feel that I can win.

Anyway, for the time being, I should just wait for the skill level of "Parallel Thought" to rise.

At present, it doesn't seem to be able to divide thoughts, and the way to accumulate its skill proficiency that I can think is to think about something while looking at the appraisal results.

It will increase if I activate "Detection", but that would be putting the cart before the horse.

Muu.

But, I think that the idea itself is not wrong.

"Detection" should be usable if the thinking ability is enhanced.

But still, the "Parallel Thought" skill is the one with the highest possibility among the confirmed skills in the list.

Un.

I confirm the list once again.

My points have decreased, and the number of skills displayed from before decreased.

But still, a good amount is displayed.

Most of the skills are probably skills that can be acquired at 100 points.

Removing the skills that have some high abilities and mad skills

Well, I was able to acquire the "Pride" skill at 100 points somehow.

Skills that seem to be able to make "Detection" usable are.

『Calculation Processing：The calculation ability of the thought is enhanced』

『Memory：Improves memory』

I think that's all.

It's unexpectedly few.

And, I think that "Memory" is slightly different.

Then, it will be "Calculation Processing". But, if I acquire this, can "Detection" become usable?

Mumumu.

Even "Parallel Thought" that I thought to be the best is in this state.

"Calculation Processing" seem pointless when it's low level.

Ah, wait.

The "Calculation Processing", in short, it's mathematics, right?

Won't I acquire it if I do mental arithmetic?

Un.

I have free time when I'm walking, so it might be worth trying it.

Then, let's calculate 2n for a long time.

2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64...

... 8192, 16384, err, is it 32768?

It's getting harder.

The next?

Hmm?

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV1』》

Oh!

Yosh yosh.

Goal achieved.

Un.

Let's try this once for the time being.

Although I think that it's probably useless, I will try taking the risk.

Suu, haa.

Yosh.

"Detection" on.

Guberaba! (　グベラバッ！)

Impossible impossible!

Off, off!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV1』 has become 『Calculation Processing LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV2』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV5』 has become 『Detection LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Resistance LV2』 has become 『Heresy Resistance LV3』》

Zee, haa.

My head hurts.

This is definitely impossible.

Impossible impossible.

My head will split.

I don't want pain.

Ah, nai wa.

I mean, "Pain Alleviation", what's wrong with you?

Although I have experienced a lot of near-death experiences, what's with that pain that I can't endure?

I mean, why did "Heresy Resistance" rose?

Is it that?

Is the attack of Detection-san that bad?

Is it okay to called it an attack now?

After all, the resistance rose.

Let's think seriously.

The reason "Heresy Resistance" rose should be that the effect of "Detection" is not only affects the thoughts, but it also affects the soul directly.

Perhaps, half of the headache comes from the soul?

Uwa, scary!

The soul won't wear out if I continue this, right?

I don't want to be cripple when I realized it.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV3』 has become 『Prediction LV4』》

Ah, yes.

Thank god that the effect of "Prediction" is not guessing the right answer!

Safe.

It's safe because it's still a prediction.

Let's decide it like that.

Un.

But, then, can "Detection" be endured if I have the skill related to the soul?

But, there's no soul-related skills in the list.

The only skill is "Heresy Resistance".

I have no choice but to raise "Heresy Resistance".

... How to raise it?

Ah.

It's no use.

After all, let's decide to raise the skill level of "Parallel Thought" and "Calculation Processing" as originally planned.

The skill level of "Parallel Thought" and "Calculation Processing" rose when "Detection" is activated means that it's somehow working.

"Detection" is sealed again until then.

I'm scared when I use it badly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

68 The end of the lower layer

After giving up on making "Detection" usable, I tried the combo of "Spider Thread" and "Poison Attack".

The result was, gufufufufu.

Ah, I look forward to test it in a combat.

Uhehe.

After that, I continued walking all the time.

I didn't encounter any monsters during the time. It was very peaceful.

My stamina doesn't decrease because I ate too much, and it looks like there won't be any problems even if I don't hunt a monster for a while.

That's why, now is the chance to advance further since there are no monsters.

Because I'm free when I'm walking, I raised skills that seems to be able to raised while walking.

As a result, the five sense type skills, "Enhanced Vision", "Enhanced Hearing", "Enhanced Smell" and "Enhanced Touch" rose to level 5.

When doing so, "Concentration" rose secondarily, and it became level 8 now.

Although the "Concentration" skill rises considerably fast before, the level up became faster by the effect of "Pride".

This skill, although there's no actual feeling in its effect, it's a considerably effective skill.

It's also thanks to this that I can still concentrate on fighting even in such extreme state during the monkey battle.

It's a plain skill but the degree of contribution is fairly high.

And, as for the five senses type, as expected, the difference becomes clear when the skills become level 5.

The view that I can see originally became clearer.

I can even see the surface of the rock far ahead if I intend to see it.

It's the same for the sense of hearing and smell.

All the sounds and smells in the labyrinth have been understood.

However, "Enhanced Touch" can be said that it has the advantage and disadvantage.

I became too sensitive.

Ah, I don't mean the erotic one.

Don't expect it.

Those fools who expect it will receive a punishment of being coiled by my threads and I will make you ascend to heaven with my poison fang.

But still, for those who are 「It's a reward in our industry」, as expected, I will run away.

Ah, the story about "Enhanced Touch".

To be specific, I can't calm down because I can sense the flow of the air.

I got used to it a little after a while, but originally, it should be raised slowly and gradually accustom to it.

Because the level was raised rapidly, the sense of discomfort is horrible.

It seems to take a little time until I'm completely used to it.

Well, when it becomes impossible to endure anymore, it's possible to switch it off, so I think I will do that.

When you say which one, the sense of smell has a lot of chance to switch it off.

I don't think that I want to smell something smelly willingly.

When thinking so, I feel that there's no point acquiring the "Enhanced Taste".

After all, the monsters in this labyrinth taste bad.

I have not met a delicious monster before.

Among them, there's this snail insect that must not be eaten.

Come to think of it, I haven't seen a snail insect since a little while ago.

It's was all over the place before I received the monkeys' attack.

Now, there's not even one anywhere.

Where did it go?

Ah, even so, it's hot.

I want an air-conditioner.

What kind of treatment is this that I, who enters the half Hikki state when I'm in a room where the air-conditioner works during summer, to move in this heat.

The frail me is weak in hot and cold.

... Hot?

Wait a minute, hot?

The labyrinth that the upper layer and the lower layer are always at a comfortable temperature is hot?

I look around the surroundings slowly.

There's no appearance of a monster in the vicinity.

I also don't sense any special dangers.

And yet, my body feels the changes in the environment.

I look ahead along the wall.

Although it's hard to notice, the slope is rising upwards.

Up.

Up!

It's going up!

Uwa, I did it!

Finally, it finally came!

Going upwards means that, right?

It should be that!

It means I'm ascending from the lower layer to the middle layer!

Hyahhoi!

I did it!

This path was the right one!

With this, I can finally escape from the nightmarish lower layer!

I don't have to be scared of the Earth Dragon anymore!

I won't be attacked by a large troop of monkeys anymore!

I don't need to hide myself earnestly and escape stealthily while being nervous about the monsters around!

I began to run instinctively.

As expected from the speed specialization.

I run up the slope at the speed that even I'm surprised.

But, my yellow stamina gauge won't last.

Zee, zee.

Ah.

Even if I have the speed, I won't last long if I don't have instantaneous force.

This was a blind spot.

When the time comes, I can use my red stamina gauge to continue running like what I did when I ran from the centipedes, but I should put this in my head as one of my weakness.

Leaving that aside, I will finish climbing up the slope soon.

If I finish climbing this slope, I can finally see the middle layer that I have only seen it in my dreams.

It was a long way to here.

The beginning was when I was chased by a snake, and I messed up and fell into the lower layer.

From there, it was dangers in rapid succession.

I was nearly killed by the bees, I was nearly killed by the Earth Dragon, I escape from the den of the powerful monsters, I was nearly killed by the taste of the snail insect and I was also nearly killed by the monkeys.

There's nothing but nearly killed.

I have survived well.

Isn't it eventful?

I think that there won't be a punishment even if there's even a little good thing to happen.

But, with this, it's time to say goodbye to such a life where I'm living side-by-side with death!

Goodbye, lower layer!

Hello, middle layer!

Beyond the slope was a scorching earth where magma spreads all over.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 69.

I have something to say. My internet is down for now and I think this will last quite long. So I have no internet access but at least I can use my phone's mobile data to hotspot to my laptop. Well, anyway, translation speed will increase because there's no internet distraction. So expect, 4-5 or maybe 6 chapters per day. Maybe Saturday and Sunday will not be the same because I want to at least catch up with the summer anime and my current manga list.

Anyway, enjoy the 5 chapters today.

69 Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer

Eh, eeeeeeeehhh....

What's this?

I don't know.

What's this!?

This is no good!?

This is impossible!?

This is a fool!?

What's with the magma!?

Why is there magma flowing in the dungeon!?

Ah, it's fine because it's a dungeon.

No no.

That's impossible!?

Hot!

It's not hot(暑い) anymore and it's hot(熱い)!

Uwa, my HP decrease by 1!?

Does this mean it decreases because of the heat?

Uwa, an area that can deal terrain damage is not funny.

My HP decreased again while I said it.

At least there's a path that magma can be avoided.

Although there is, isn't it impossible to advance here?

Because I can receive damage even when I'm far from the magma, my HP will decrease rapidly if I get near the magma.

Because it's near, what if I touch the magma carelessly.....

Nai wa.

Just after I escape from the lower layer, and this.

No matter how I think, getting through here is impossible.

Hmm?

I found a figure of a monster in a long distance.

"Enhanced Vision" is plainly doing a good job.

I mean, that monster is swimming in the magma calmly.

Although I'm scared to see it, appraisal result please.

『Elro Generush　LV7

Status

ＨＰ：１６７／１６７（Green）

ＭＰ：１４５／１５８（Blue）

ＳＰ：１５５／１５５（Yellow）

：１５６／１６５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：８５

Average Defensive Ability：８３

Average Magic Ability：８１

Average Resistance Ability：７９

Average Speed Ability：８９

Failed to appraise its status』

Eh?

Appraisal-sama?

Is it my imagination?

There's something added in the status?

Oh, ooh!

Appraisal-sama, incredible!

Although it only displayed until things like HP before, now it displayed things like offensive ability!

As expected, I don't think that the success rate is 100%, but with this, I can know my opponent's accurate strength!

This is amazing.

This is incredibly amazing.

It's very advantageous to know my opponent's strength.

Besides, seeing the sequence, the skill will be displayed next, right?

When I can even know the skills, it's obvious that my opponent is already naked!

Victory is mine!

With this, I'll win!

Ah, I wonder why don't you level faster.

It's good that I understood Appraisal-sama's greatness well. That monster is not so strong.

Although it's a monster that has the limbs of a seahorse, it's swimming in the magma calmly.

Impossible.

I mean, it has a more stable status than me even though I say that it's not strong.

Because I don't use magic, the magic status are useless status, and all of my physical ability is low other than my speed.

I have already know that even if I have speed, I can't run for a long time because I don't have enough instantaneous force.

The yellow gauge decreases when I run, and I will be short of breath when it becomes 0.

After all, if I fight directly, I'm the one at disadvantage.

Well then, let's examine it further with double appraise.

『Elro Generush：The low rank monster who belongs to the dragon that inhabits in the Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer. It can manipulate flame and it's protected by the flame』

This!

Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer!

『Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer：The area located between the upper layer and the lower layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. The entire area becomes a scorching earth terrain where magma flows, and countless monsters that have resistance to flame inhabit here』

... Seriously?

Uwa.

Nai wa.

The entire middle layer is this?

In order to get to the upper layer, I must get through here?

Isn't it impossible?

The terrain which can deal damage just by staying here.

The river and pond of magma that will kill me if I fall.

And the monsters inhabiting there have resistance to flame, in short, the monsters here can use flame, right?

Do you know what is the weakness of my "Spider Thread"?

It's flame!!

Let's wait for a moment.

What remains of me if you take "Spider Thread" out of me?

Poison and speed.

Well, although it's better that I have it, it's a huge loss to lose my greatest weapon.

I mean, I won't be able to use my Poison Thread like this!

Even though I'm looking forward to use it, what's with this!?

Ah, my HP decreases considerably.

Let's evacuate for the moment.

Fuu.

Again, to the bottom of the slope towards the lower layer.

Although it's still hot here, my HP doesn't decrease.

I will recover completely by the effect of the automatic recovery if I take a little rest.

However, come to think of it, I do have automatic recovery.

I wonder will the damage accumulates even if I have it.

Isn't this impossible no matter how I persevere?

If I want to capture this, isn't it necessary to have a recovery medicine or a cold drink?

I don't have such thing.

Will this get better if I acquire "Fire Resistance"?

But, my thread is probably not the only one that's weak to fire but also my body.

Although I noticed it when I saw the skill list, "Fire Resistance" was not there.

In other words, "Fire Resistance" can't be acquired at 200 points, right?

Even though there are other resistances, there's no "Fire Resistance".

I think that because I'm weak to fire, it becomes harder to acquire "Fire Resistance".

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV4』 has become 『Prediction LV5』》

Ah, yes.

Your level really rises very fast.

I wonder is this the effect of "Pride".

Well, let's leave that aside.

Really, what should I do?

It's necessary to capture the middle layer to go to the upper layer.

But, I don't think that I can capture the middle layer.

Then, look for other methods?

One of the confirmed ways to go back is to climb the bees' pit.

Going back to the place where the Earth Dragon is again?

No.

Impossible.

I don't want.

Then, find other pits?

Is there such a convenient pit elsewhere?

There's a possibility.

Before, when I was in the upper layer, a bee got caught in my web, so there might be a similar pit in another place, and there's a possibility that the bees made a similar nest there.

But, that's only a possibility.

Either I break through the middle layer.

Or I should explore the lower layer again to look for a pit that I don't know whether it exists or not.

Now, what should I do....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

70 Training part

I decided to spread my nest between the lower layer and the middle layer for a while.

There's no need to be in a hurry.

After coming this far, as expected, the Earth Dragon will not come over here, and monsters won't interfere me if I make a nest near the ceiling.

Making use of the time with the monkeys, I won't make a simple nest but a firmly made nest.

My aim is that the nest is alright even if the huge monkey throws a rock.

Fortunately, thanks to the monkeys that I ate, my red stamina has enough stock.

Well, I will make this nest into a base, and I think that I will make preparations to capture the middle layer little by little.

Specifically, I aim to acquire "Fire Resistance" and raise the skill level of "Automatic HP Recovery".

Therefore, I think that I need to go into the middle layer several times on a day and return after my HP decreases, and repeat the process.

Receiving damage in there means that the skill proficiency for the resistance of fire or heat should be accumulating.

Although I don't know how long it will take, I think I will acquire "Fire Resistance" or "Heat Resistance" someday.

If my HP decreases, then "Automatic HP Recovery" will activate, so it's killing two birds with one stone because skill proficiency is accumulated.

It should be possible to walk if my defensive ability and my recovery ability is higher than the damage.

I will raise the level of other skills when I have the free time.

If possible, I want to raise "Parallel Thought" and "Calculation Processing", but I will have to leave "Parallel Thought" because I don't understand the way to raise it well.

As for the "Calculation Processing", I will just do mental arithmetic.

In addition, let's raise "Poison Synthesis" and "Thread Manipulation" to make good use of my recovered MP.

Especially, the "Poison Synthesis" skill that I have come to see various new ways to use it, so I want to concentrate and raise its level.

And, the "Thread Manipulation" might be useless in the middle layer.....

Even though it's one of my main skills....

After that, I will raise the status raising skills.

I want to give priority in "Idaten", "Herculean Strength" and "Solid" because the growth corrections increase whenever the level increases.

"Idaten" seems to rise if I run, and "Herculean Strength" seems to rise if I do push-up, but how to rise "Solid"?

It's defense after all, so do I have to receive an attack?

Un.

Should I try whipping myself while I'm raising "Thread Manipulation"?

Although I don't like pain, I try it once.

And, I must secure food if I want to stay here for a long term.

Although my stamina won't decrease now because of "Overeating", I will have to eat something someday.

Therefore, I must patrol the surroundings a little and make preliminary arrangements for hunting.

It might be good to make a installation-type cobweb for capture.

A trap made with threads that's hard to see for capture.

Un, it's a good idea, so let's do that.

Even if there's a powerful monster that can tear my threads, it's not harmful because I'm not there.

Now that it's decided, let's begin the action immediately.

First of all, make the home.

I climb up the wall.

Because I had a desperate struggle with the monkeys, I have gain the resistance to heights.

Although I was scared to the extent that "Fear Resistance" rose before, I don't feel anything now.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『3D-Maneuver LV1』》

Hmm?

A new skill was acquired.

Let's see.

『3D-Maneuver：Possible to do three-dimensional movement such as the wall run, ceiling landing, etc』

I see.

I don't need it.

Originally, I can do this.

Well, if the level rises, my movement might become better, so it might be unnecessary to say I don't need it.

It's not an important skill, so I think I should leave it.

Un.

The start of the home making after acquiring a doubtful skill.

Fuu.

Yosh, it's done.

The completed home is placed between the ceiling and the wall, and it extends sideways all the way.

Actually, I wanted to make it diagonally to the ceiling and the wall to make the balance well, but because of the lithology on the ceiling here changes into a surface where threads become hard to stick to it, it became like this because I can't extend it on the ceiling.

The thickness on the surface is slightly insufficient because it's extended sideways.

It doesn't seem to be able to withstand the rock thrown by the huge monkey.

But, the foundation is steady, and fall can be prevented.

It will be alright even if 100 monkeys get on this!

As long as the huge monkey doesn't have any powerful long distance attack, I think that it's difficult to break through this home.

But still, I can't be completely relieved because it won't work against monsters like the Earth Dragon.

I will live here for a while, so I have this home act as my fourth home.

Well then, the base is done, and my HP has recovered.

I will go into the middle layer again, and reduce my HP.

... It's an unpleasant work.

Thus, here I come, middle layer!

It's hot!

The temperature right now is impossible to measure!

I don't have a thermometer!

Today, the ground is also devastated by the lava!

It's already exceeded the level where the weather girl refrains to go out!

This concludes my report from the middle layer!

Withdraw!

Fuu.

It's hot.

None of the skills rose yet.

Well, let's do it at leisure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

71 Leveling

I raised my skill level.

No, these must be raised.

It's since my first home that I settled down to raise level, but that time, I only raise "Spider Thread".

Or rather, I didn't know what's a skill.

The number of skills have increased since then, and above all, Appraisal-sama's level skyrocketed.

Well, that's possible to do efficient leveling.

Besides, I see the skill list and select skills that can be acquired, and took actions that seem to increase the skill proficiency.

As a result, a considerable amount of skills were acquired.

Appraisal-sama is really excellent.

Aiming for skills that can be acquired, what a cheat.

Next, for securing food, I have set up some traps.

Although it's a simple trap that's only sticking the adhesion threads on the floor, if a monster passes there, it will get stuck to it.

I left it as it is, and went to see it after a while.

As a result, a monster was caught.

It was a weak monster, so I kill it as it is.

That time, the Poison Thread comes to light finally!

Giving poison to my threads and surpassing "Severing Thread", my greatest weapon.

By only wrapping this around the opponent's body, damage is dealt slowly by the poison.

This is amazing.

Seriously amazing.

Even though it's amazing, I don't know whether it has its turn in the middle layer or not....

What an absurd thing.

And, I level up that time.

Don't say 「Huh?」 there.

Because I said 「What?」.

After all, it's just a small fry. Isn't weird that I leveled up?

That was surprising.

This might also be the effect of "Pride".

Leveled just by killing one small fry, what a high effect.

After that, monsters got caught in my trap.

Thanks to that, I won't run out of food and my stamina won't decrease.

There were some monsters that manage to escape from my trap sometimes, but it's fine.

I don't want to fight with a strong monster that can escape from my adhesion threads.

Thanks to that, only safe monsters remained in the trap, and I was able to kill them pleasantly.

The level also rose considerably, so I was all smiles.

After this and that, this is my current status.

『Small Poison Taratect　LV5　No name

Status

ＨＰ：８３／８３（Green）

ＭＰ：１８１／１８１（Blue）

ＳＰ：８２／８２（Yellow）

：８２／８２（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：９２

Average Defensive Ability：９２

Average Magic Ability：１３５

Average Resistance Ability：１６８

Average Speed Ability：８３０

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV5」「MP Recovery Speed LV3」「MP Consumption Down LV2」「SP Recovery Speed LV2」「SP Consumption Down LV2」「Enhanced Destruction LV1」「Enhanced Slashing LV1」「Enhanced Poison LV2」「Fighting Spirit LV1」「Vitality Granting LV2」「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」「Poison Synthesis LV7」「Thread Talent LV3」「Spider Thread LV9」「Severing Thread LV6」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV6」「3D-Maneuver LV3」「Concentration LV9」「Prediction LV8」「Parallel Thought LV4」「Calculation Processing LV6」「Accuracy LV7」「Evasion LV3」「Appraisal LV8」「Detection LV6」「Stealth LV7」「Hell」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV2」「Poison Magic LV2」「Abyss Magic LV10」「Pride」「Overeating LV7」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Destruction Resistance LV1」「Blow Resistance LV2」「Slash Resistance LV3」「Fire Resistance LV1」「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV2」「Fear Resistance LV6」「Heresy Resistance LV3」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV7」「Enhanced Vision LV8」「Enhanced Hearing LV8」「Enhanced Smell LV7」「Enhanced Taste LV4」「Enhanced Touch LV6」「Life LV7」「Magic Amount LV8」「Agility LV7」「Endurance LV7」「Herculean Strength LV3」「Solid LV3」「Protection LV3」「Idaten LV3」「Taboo LV4」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：１８０』

I surely have became stronger.

Really.

With this status, won't I be able to fight with a monster of the upper layer?

Although it's something that I understood from the status, apparently, each ability can increase even without level up.

Although I did some running to raise the skill level, thanks to that, the status rise too.

It seems that it's the same as my former world that training makes a person stronger.

This one here is much easier to understand the growth of the status.

As for the status increase by level up, it increased twice of the previous one.

You might not know what I'm saying, but I also don't know what's done on me!

No, it's the effect of "Pride".

The speed increased by 42 when I leveled up once.

That's surprising.

Apparently, the growth corrections of "Pride" doubles the growth corrections of the other skills.

"Pride", what an amazing skill....

Skill level also raised a lot.

And, look at all of the poison-related skills.

Yes, did you saw that "Poison Attack" has become "Deadly Poison Attack" and "Poison Resistance" has become "Deadly Poison Resistance"?

This, when the skills reach level 10, they evolve.

I'm amazed that skills have evolution.

The effects are the upgraded version of the previous one.

It seems to become my main weapon in the middle layer, so the skill evolved here contributes a lot.

Eh?

Why did "Poison Resistance" rose?

It's because I whipped myself with Poison Thread.

After all, the skill level won't increase if I don't do it.

If it's for skill level, I will somewhat endure the pain.

Everyone will do it.

Even I did it.

Eh, only I will do it?

There's no such thing.

Probably.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

72 Leveling result

In the poison connection, "Poison Synthesis" also rose considerably.

"Poison Synthesis" becomes level 7, and the kind that can be created and customizable field increases.

『Poison Synthesis Menu』

『Weak Poison, Medium Poison, Strong Poison, Deadly Spider Poison LV3』

『Damage Adjustment, Duration Adjustment, Contact Damage Adjustment, Synthesis Amount Adjustment』

According to the level of "Poison Attack", the Spider Poison changed into Deadly Spider Poison.

Although Medium Poison and Strong Poison are added, it's only stronger than the Weak Poison.

But still, the effect of Deadly Spider Poison is way higher.

Unfortunately, only the Deadly Spider Poison will be used in combat.

And about the newly added customize function, the Contact Damage Adjustment is just as its name that it can adjust the damage dealt by touching it.

The Damage Adjustment adjust the damage of the poison that's injected into the body, while this one adjust the damage on the outside.

Because the Deadly Spider Poison exceeded the limit that can be adjust in both damage adjustment, there's no need to adjust it.

Although the Synthesis Amount Adjustment is just as its name that it can change the amount that can be synthesized all at once, the MP consumption increases when the synthesis amount increases.

When I was leveling, it can be done instantly and it's convenient. If I don't make a mistake in using it, then I can torment my opponent with a large amount of poison.

Sink in the poison swamp!

Saying something like that while dropping a large amount of poison down.

Skills other than the poison-related also rose considerably.

I succeeded in acquiring the MP and SP related skills.

As for MP, it were recovery speed and consumption down.

The effects are just as the name, increase the natural recovery speed and decrease the amount consumed.

SP is also the same, recovery speed and consumption down.

However, the recovery speed only applies to the yellow stamina gauge, but the consumption down applies to both yellow and red.

When I sprint with all my power, the decrease of my yellow and red stamina gauge becomes slower.

Because the red one doesn't decrease by the effect of "Overeating", a thing was understood from Appraisal-sama's result.

"Enhanced Destruction" is a considerably cheating skill.

The effect is that there's a damage correction when destroying something.

Creature is also included in the 'something'.

In other words, the attack is strengthen wholly.

The resistance corresponding to this is "Destruction Resistance".

Just because both skills are scary, I thought that it's better if I acquire them.

"Enhanced Slashing" and "Enhanced Poison" strengthen the attack of their own attribute.

"Severing Thread" and poison are simply enhanced.

"Fighting Spirit" is an unusual skill that consumes the red SP to increase physical ability status.

This is the so-called boost skill, but the red stamina gauge is considerably consumed.

The red stamina is my lifeline, so I don't want to use it so much.

And, the consumption is not too good, so it would be better to not use it unless I'm greatly cornered.

"Vitality Granting" is a similar skill to "Fighting Spirit" but the target it can enhance is an object.

If I were to use it, it would be the threads.

However, it doesn't seems that I will use this much because of the same reason as "Fighting Spirit".

The best from thread-related skills that I have acquired is "Thread Talent".

This is a convenient that gives a bonus correction to the whole thread when I use it.

Things like the power of the thread and the maneuverability of the thread rose.

Even though it's simply a positive effect, it does its work properly.

"Throw" and "Accuracy" also rose plainly.

As for the "3D-Maneuver", I never did anything special, but when I keep going down and up from the home and the ground, the level rose strangely.

Neither "Parallel Thought" nor "Calculation Processing" rose that much.

Well, this can't be helped.

Let's wait for it to rise slowly.

But on the other hand, "Concentration" and "Prediction" rose considerably.

"Prediction" is trivial, but "Concentration" is now at level 9 and it's just a little more to reach level 10.

When thinking about the tendency up until now, when reaching level 10, either the skill will evolve or the skill will derive a new skill.

"Concentration" is quite useful, so I look forward for it's evolution or it's derived skill.

There's no change in the magic-related skill.

The resistance too, I encourage myself depending on the circumstances to acquire "Destruction Resistance", "Blow Resistance", and "Slash Resistance".

And, I also finally acquired "Fire Resistance".

After doing all those things until now, it's finally level 1.

The "HP Recovery Speed" doesn't increase easily either, so the prospect might be too good.

All of the five senses were raised.

I also acquired the "Enhanced Taste" just in case.

As expected, it's useless as long as I'm in this labyrinth.

Status-related skills also rose.

As a result of using poison on myself, I acquired "Protection" that raise the resistance status.

And, the resistance status increased considerably when "Poison Resistance" became "Deadly Poison Resistance".

Although I don't know what relation does it has, it might increase when resistance is increased.

The skills that I had a hard time in the status-related skill were "Idaten", "Herculean Strength" and "Solid".

It doesn't rise easily.

I ran a lot and finally "Idaten" rose by one level.

Compared with the other status strengthening skills, I understand that these three are way harder to raise.

Well, considering that their high effects and being high ranked skills, it's natural.

Now that it's understood that there's skill evolution, perhaps, the other status strengthening skills will evolve if they reach level 10.

In that case, I want to evolve it quick.

The regrettable one is that Appraisal-sama's level still haven't rise.

I think that only a little of skill proficiency is gained recently because my range of action is limited.

Then, it might be good to start capturing the middle layer soon.

For the time being, it's possible to offset the terrain damage.

I have confirmed it when I go near the magma once.

But, it's only offsetting it.

If my HP decreases by other factors, my only way to recover is by level up.

If I think about safety, I should raise more of my skills, but I want to accumulate Appraisal-sama's skill proficiency.

Un.

I'm troubled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

73 Death flag suddenly

That's right, let's go to the middle layer.

Make hay while the sun shines.

If it's my current speed, it's likely that I will be able to run away from most enemies, and up until now, I have acted while carrying death wounds.

Nothing can be done if I'm scared of wounds.

I depend too much on recovery.

I know it well.

Usually, it's better to raise the level a little more properly,but I think that I should get away from here quick.

I feeling somewhat uneasy.

Thus, let's leave the fourth home after today.

Goodbye, my fourth home.

I'm indebted to you.

Stay healthy.

In the next moment, my fourth home bursts and scatters.

It was blown off.

I rolled and stop near the center of the slope.

My HP has decreased slightly.

It became like this because I was at the outside, but what if I'm inside the home.

I see the person who caused this disastrous scene.

『Earth Dragon Kaguna　LV26

ＨＰ：４１９８／４１９８（Green）

ＭＰ：３３３９／３６５４（Blue）

ＳＰ：２７９８／２７９８（Yellow）

：２９９５／３１１２（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

That's a dragon.

Compared with the Earth Dragon Alaba, it gives an impression of short and stout.

That being the case, the power looks strong.

There are no wings.

I run.

I run at full speed towards the top of the slope.

I keep on running even after I cross the top of the slope.

My yellow stamina gauge is exhausted, but still, my legs will not stop.

My legs that exceeded its limit screams.

It's painful.

But, my legs will not stop.

Avoiding the magma, and I run at full speed on the small land.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『SP Consumption Down LV2』 has become 『SP Consumption Down LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV6』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Agility LV7』 has become 『Agility LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Endurance LV7』 has become 『Endurance LV8』》

I wonder how far did I ran, and as expected, my legs stopped after reaching its limit.

Although I have the urge to fall down, I strain my willpower and look back.

The Earth Dragon didn't chase after me.

I was saved.

I sink down to the floor after confirming that there's no monster in the surroundings.

Ah.

Nai wa.

An attack from the Earth Dragon without any advance warnings, seriously nai wa.

I thought I was gonna die.

No, actually, if I ran a little later, then I might have died.

That uneasy feeling was this.

However, what's that?

Is it a rule that the Earth Dragon have to use the breath whenever it sees a cobweb?

What's that? Scary.

Is the lower layer the den of the Earth Dragons?

What's that? Scary.

No no.

As expected, there's shouldn't be a place where those guys are all over the place.

I recalled the status that was manage to be appraised.

All of them were 4-digits.

It's strange, right?

There's no way I can win.

And what's more is that even after it destroyed my home, it still has a lot of MP and SP.

In other words, that attack is not one shot at a time, but it can be fired in rapid succession.

Impossible impossible.

What's with that monster?

Earth Dragon, scary.

Nevertheless, that Earth Dragon seems to be a different kind from the previously seen Earth Dragon Alaba.

Although its level is lower than the Earth Dragon Alaba, I don't know which one is stronger because I can't appraise Alaba.

But, either way, it doesn't change the fact that I can't win against them.

Are Alaba and Kaguna somehow related to the Earth Dragon?

Something like it's the same kind but different branch of evolution.

Ah, that's possible.

Dragons are the symbol of the high ranked species, so it's not strange that it has many evolution line.

Or, the Earth Dragon exists only one of a kind respectively.

That's also possible.

Although there's not much of it because it's a high ranked species, each individual is very powerful.

It's all right to say that status is very powerful.

If that's the case, the probability to encounter it is low.

No, wait a second.

In that case, it would mean that I was attacked twice by the Earth Dragon that has a low probability to encounter.

Isn't my luck very bad?

I-I-I-It shouldn't be like th-th-that....

Although I have experienced a lot of near-death experiences, I always ended up surviving, so my luck should be good.

Huh?

But, in the first place, will a person with good luck experience near-death experiences several times?

Hmm?

... This is not good.

I should not think any further.

It's really a paper-thin difference.

Thank god that I didn't thought of leveling more.

Bad luck still haven't abandon me.

Let's decide it to be like that.

Someone please say so.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV8』 has become 『Prediction LV9』》

I never asked you!!

What's with that perfect timing!

Waiting to retort!?

Voice of heaven sure have the talents of a comedian!?

Fuu.

I got agitated for a moment just because of a foolish thing.

Un.

Although it's the worst start, let's start capturing the middle layer little by little.

I want to part from the Earth Dragon as soon as possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

74 Middle layer capture starts

Well, let's confirm the current state for the time being.

Now, I'm right in the center of the boiling magma.

The ratio of the land and the magma is roughly the same.

Although I came here naturally, is this the right path?

Well, I don't know whether it's right or not, so I have no choice but to just advance.

The results of the aftermath of the Earth Dragon's attack and running even after exceeding my limits, my HP decreases a little.

As the decrease is not a big deal, but in this scorching area where I will keep on receiving damage, I can't expect from the recovery because the automatic recovery offsets with damage.

In order to recover, I can either recover by level up or raise the skill level of "Automatic HP Recovery" or "Fire Resistance" to break the balance of the recovery and damage.

However, in the worst case, the damage might become bigger because the magma is just nearby.

I would like to avoid hotter places as much as possible, but what will it becomes.

Judging from the upper layer and the lower layer so far, it's better to think that this middle layer is considerably wide.

After all, it's the world's largest labyrinth.

It's to the extent that it connects two continent, so I should be resolute that it might take many days to escape from the middle layer.

Even though it's still long ahead, I'm already depressed at the start.

A bad omen.

Yosh, then, let's go.

Umu.

However, it's hot.

Because I lived in a comfortable temperature since I was reborn into a spider.

When the environment changes suddenly, I'm becoming heavy.

Because I have came here occasionally to raise the skill level of "Fire Resistance", it's not that I can't endure the heat.

But still, when thinking that this state continues until I escape from the middle layer, as expected, I will be tired.

Especially, my legs.

This is a place where magma flows in the vicinity, you know?

It's obvious that the ground is hot.

This is already not like being affected by the summer's heat.

If an egg is cracked here, it will get burned rather than becoming a fried egg.

And, I need to move in this area bare footed.

Hot or perhaps I should say it already go beyond pain.

I can't continue if I don't have "Pain Alleviation" and "Automatic HP Recovery".

Oh, found a monster.

『Elro Generush　LV5

Status

ＨＰ：１５９／１５９（Green）

ＭＰ：１４５／１４８（Blue）

ＳＰ：１４５／１４５（Yellow）

：１１６／１４５（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

That's the first monster I saw after arriving at the middle layer.

It's the guy that looks like a seahorse.

It's swimming in the magma calmly just like the first day.

Nai wa.

It doesn't seems that I'm noticed, so I want to pass through it like this, but that guy is there in the traveling direction.

What should I do?

Hmm.

Here, let's battle once.

I want to experiment to what degree my threads can be used in the middle layer, and if it's the status of the previously seen monster, I think I can win even if I fight it directly.

It's convenient as the opponent, and at present, there are no monsters around here.

Let's go.

It seems that the other side haven't notice me yet, so let's get a preemptive attack without reservation.

Thus, come on, "Severing Thread"!

The thread is extended and I swing it sideways.

I swing the thread aiming at the seahorse's neck, but the thread burnt out as it is on top of the magma.

Because it will be troublesome if I catch a fire here, I detach the remaining thread from my body.

Ah, uu.

It's no good.

It burnt even though it didn't touch the magma directly.

This, does this means that my thread is useless in the middle layer?

Uwaa.

Seriously.

My strongest weapon is sealed.

It was a shock even though I expected it.

And, something is flying towards here.

It's a fireball.

It's painful if it hits, I mean, with that size, won't I be burnt?

Sooi! (　そおい！)

I avoid it.

Of course I will avoid it.

Ah, a second one is coming.

Sooi!

The seahorse is spitting out fireballs from within the magma.

Un.

At that level of speed, it won't hit me.

Although I can't avoid the frog's saliva attack long ago, now, I'm much more stronger than that time because my speed has increased and I have the "Evasion" skill.

Now, I have the godly evasion ability that can't be outdone by my game character!

Even if I'm paper armored, it's not a big deal if it doesn't hit.

However, this is bad.

Both of us don't have the winning move.

The other side's fireball can't hit me.

But, since I can't use my threads, I have no way to attack it.

Both are deadlock.

Ah, no, that guy's MP is going to be exhausted.

That fireball seems to consume MP.

That means, fireballs won't fly here anymore once its MP is exhausted.

Appraisal-sama is really a cheat.

The opponent's information can be known while fighting.

Yosh, I avoid the last fireball.

With this, that guy no longer has MP.

The next move that guy makes will change the outcome of this battle, but what will it do?

Ah, it crept out from the magma.

It rushes as it is.

Stupid.

If it's me, I will do a strategic withdrawal when my MP is exhausted.

I avoided the rush with composure as it looks slow for me.

I cling on the seahorse's back, and stab my claw using "Poison Attack".

I mean, this guy's body is hot!

My HP has decreased!

My valuable HP!

For the time being, the seahorse that got affected by the Deadly Poison died easily.

Umu.

I manage to win my first match.

However, that.

The greatest enemy in this middle layer might be the terrain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

75 It's good to do my part by myself, but there are times you feel frustrated when it's done by someone else, right?

I avoid the flying fireball.

Two.

Well, even if it's two, I can avoid it easily now.

I turn my line of sight towards the other side, and there are two seahorses.

It looks like this area is full of seahorses.

Although each one of them wander around in their own way, when they get together by chance in this way, they will attack at the same time.

Well, it doesn't attack in crowds like the monkeys, so it's good that it's easy.

I avoid the flying fireball again.

Their cooperation is not that good because they usually live individually.

They shoot the fireball individually as they like.

It's not like their fireball can hit me even if they cooperate though.

However, that.

It's troublesome.

Staying inside the magma, that's cheating.

They use long distance attack taking advantage of the fact that I can't do anything.

Can't you fight fairly?

Don't you think that it's unfair?

Don't you have pride?

Eh?

Boomerang?

I don't understand what are you saying.

I don't understand.

I never did anything unfair before, you know?

I never shut myself in the nest and launch one-sided attacks before, you know?

Look, I'm a girl of great rectitude.

Right?

Come on, say that it is.

But, these guys don't shut themselves completely like me.

One of their MP is going to be exhausted soon.

Look, it's here.

I don't know why the seahorse won't retreat.

It faces me by all means.

Although they don't escape to the emperor, are these guys the emperor's pedigree?

Come to think of it, these guys look like the dragon.

Well, it comes out from the magma after its MP is exhausted.

After that, it's my turn.

I quickly kill it with my claw that is clad in poison.

Because the second one came out from the magma conveniently, I kill it in the same way.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Poison Taratect LV5 has become LV6》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Poison LV2』 has become 『Enhanced Poison LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV3』 has become 『Evasion LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

Oh!

Level Up!

My HP decreased plainly, so it's grateful.

My decreased HP recovered after shedding my skin.

Although I can win against the seahorse easily, I will receive damage when I touch its body.

It's not a big deal if it's only one, but when the damage accumulates, the damage will become larger.

In the current situation where I have no way to recover except by level up, I don't want to receive even a little damage.

By the way, when I want to eat, it can be cooled if I just leave it for a while, and I will eat it after it's cooled.

Although I hope that either "Fire Resistance" or "Automatic HP Recovery" to rise in this level up, the world is not that easy.

"Fire Resistance" stays at level 1 and "Automatic HP Recovery" also stays as it is.

It can't be helped that "Fire Resistance" doesn't rise.

It looks like my species is weak to fire in any way, and it can't be overcome in a day.

"Automatic HP Recovery" is a convenient skill, but its level raising is quite slow.

Well, in the game, the automatic recovery skill is usually a skill obtained near endgame.

And, to acquire this skill naturally without using skill points, and hoping it to grow faster from there, as expected, it's quite greedy.

It's a gain by just having it.

Actually, I don't think that I will break through the middle layer if I don't have "Automatic HP Recovery".

After all, it's impossible.

It's like committing suicide if I enter this area that continues to deal damage without automatic recovery.

I don't have a hobby like committing suicide, and in that case, I would probably search for a pit in the lower layer.

In the lower layer where that Earth Dragon lives.

Ah, there's a seahorse again.

I will be found if I advance like this.

I can run away if I want, but that's....

Should I try throwing a stone like the monkey?

I think it's better than doing nothing.

Although I can't hold a stone with the spider's body, I can stick a thread and throw it.

Let's experiment it at once.

First, I need to find a handy stone.

Un, there's a lot of stones of the suitable size everywhere.

I hold it with the thread.

Swing.

Soiyaa! (　そいやー！)

Oh, it hits.

Is it thanks to "Throw" and "Accuracy"?

But, its HP didn't decrease much.

Ah, the fireball of counterattack came.

Afterwards, after we throw stones and fireballs at each other, the seahorse's MP got exhausted and it became a land battle in the end.

Un.

Although it's better than doing nothing, it doesn't change much even if I do it.

Well, if it's only one, throwing stones might be acceptable.

The skill level of "Throw" and "Accuracy" will rise, so it's not pointless.

However, it would be better to concentrate avoiding if there are two or more of them.

It won't be a joke if I got hit by the fireball.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

76 Let's become even hotter!

The middle layer capture is going well.

Although I met with several kinds of monsters other than the seahorse, all of them are not a big deal.

If only that there's no disadvantage in the terrain, I don't think I can lose.

However, the disadvantage in the terrain is a problem.

First of all, magma.

This is hard.

When the other party is in the magma, I can't do anything but throwing stones from here.

It won't deal a great damage even if I throw a stone.

After all, if the other party doesn't go up ashore, I can't do anything from here.

It's good if it comes up when its MP is exhausted like the seahorse, but it's troublesome that there are some monsters that stay inside the magma and some monsters that run away.

There's also a guy who starts on the land and once it gets cornered, it runs into the magma.

It's also hard that thread can't be used.

Although it can be used to throw stones, it will catch a fire on the land if I keep releasing it.

I'm troubled about the threads that I release unconsciously.

When I move, I will release threads unconsciously, but if I release it here, it will burn.

Having burnt, it moves like a fuse, and my buttocks will become hot.

At first, I panicked when my buttocks caught a fire.

My HP decreased considerably because of that.

My HP decreased further because I used "Poison Synthesis" to extinguish the fire.

After all, that's the only thing I have that can extinguish the fire.

Because it can't be helped, I cut the threads frequently.

If I don't do that, my buttocks will catch a fire again.

It's not a metaphor.

The bed is also a problem.

If I make a nest in such state, the nest will be burnt.

I have to give up on it because it can't be helped, so I decided to sleep in the shadow of the rock.

Well, there's no way I can sleep.

I have to sleep in this continuous damage terrain while being afraid of the monster's presence.

No matter how bold my nerve is, there's still a limit.

But still, I must sleep.

Although it can't be helped that I didn't sleep much, I make sure to sleep when I found a suitable rock.

Well, although the surroundings is more worse than the lower layer, the sole reason I survived is that the monsters are weak.

There's no great difference in strength if I were to compare the monsters here with the monsters in the upper layer.

There might be strong monsters in the area like the snake, but up until now, I have only encounter weak monsters.

The difference with the monsters in the upper layer is whether they use the terrain or not.

Because of this, the monsters that are not very strong become troublesome existence.

Really, it's good that I do my part by myself, but when it's done by the opponent, it's a troublesome thing.

Well, the number is large, but it's possible to do it.

As the result of training for leveling, I have become stronger.

If it's an opponent of this level, it's possible to win even if I think about the disadvantage in the terrain.

However, as long as the recovery means are few, it will be a pinch even if I receive only one attack, so I must be on guard.

Besides, the monsters here have another troublesome property.

Three monsters appear in front of me.

『Elro Piek　LV8

Status

ＨＰ：１６４／１６４（Green）

ＭＰ：１６６／１６８（Blue）

ＳＰ：１７５／１７５（Yellow）

：１７６／１８１（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１３７

Average Defensive Ability：１２３

Average Magic Ability：１２１

Average Resistance Ability：１１７

Average Speed Ability：１４３

Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Piek　LV8

Status

ＨＰ：１６３／１６３（Green）

ＭＰ：１６９／１７０（Blue）

ＳＰ：１７４／１７４（Yellow）

：１７０／１８３（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Piek　LV8

Status

ＨＰ：１６６／１６６（Green）

ＭＰ：１６９／１６９（Blue）

ＳＰ：１７７／１７７（Yellow）

：１７８／１８２（Red）

Failed to appraise its status』

This guy is a monster that have the appearance of a red dog.

Although it has a relatively cute appearance, this guy's ability is relatively nasty.

Especially, the compatibility with me is bad.

First of all, its nose is good.

It's a dog after all.

My "Stealth" is easily seen through and it attacks me.

Because of that, I can't do the usual surprise attack.

Well, it never succeeded much after I enter the middle layer, so this is irrelevant,

And, next is this.

The red dog's body is covered with fire.

Right, this red dog, fire is clad in its body.

It's hard to interfere it from here when it's in fire.

I will receive damage just by touching it directly.

This is the troublesome characteristic of the monsters in this middle layer.

The body is hot overall.

There's guy that can sets fire on its body like the red dog, and even those that don't do it, is also considerably hot.

The seahorse is also the same.

And, when I touch them directly, I will receive damage.

I endured it when it's the seahorse, but as expected, the amount of damage won't be a joke if I do it against opponents that can ignite themselves like the red dog.

So, I took certain countermeasures.

I avoid the red dog's attack.

Although these guys' speed are so-so, still, it's slower than me.

It's easy to avoid.

After avoiding the second one, I avoid the third one by jumping.

And then, when the overhead of a red dog is going to pass under me, I activate "Poison Synthesis".

The red dog bathed directly in a powerful venom falls by momentum.

Although my poison is strong, the monsters here probably don't have "Poison Resistance".

That's why, it's can be defeated easily if I pour poison on it.

Because I don't need to touch the opponent, I don't receive any damage.

I visited the remaining pitiful red dogs with venom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

77 Unlucky 7

I can feel something unpleasant.

Because the seahorse is a dragon.

『Dragon：A kind of monster called as the lower rank dragon species. Although it's a lower rank, there's also one that's equal to the dragon species』

Un.

The lower rank monster that belongs to the Earth Dragon.

Will it become a Fire Dragon?

The Earth Dragon exists, so the Fire Dragon might exist.

It's not in this middle layer, right?

Let's pray that it's not here.

Well then, although my thoughts have gone into escapism feeling for a moment, let's think seriously on what to do about this problem in front of me.

『Elro Geneseven　LV7

Status

ＨＰ：４６１／４６１（Green）

ＭＰ：２２３／２２３（Blue）

ＳＰ：２１８／２１８（Yellow）

：４５１／４６６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３６８

Average Defensive Ability：３１１

Average Magic Ability：１６１

Average Resistance Ability：１５８

Average Speed Ability：１５５

Failed to appraise its status』

『Elro Geneseven：The lower rank monster who belongs to the dragon that inhabits in the Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer. Omnivorous and it can swallow anything with its big mouth』

That monster is swimming slowly in the magma.

Even though it's called as the lower rank dragon, its appearance looks like a catfish.

In addition, the 'Seven' in the name doesn't suits it.

It's no use even if I complain about this world's naming sense.

It's characteristic is the big mouth like the catfish after all.

I don't want to be swallowed by that, and if it's my size, it seems to be able to swallow me completely.

Having succeeded in appraising the status contributes a lot.

The probability that the status appraisal succeeds is roughly once every three times.

It's lucky that it succeeded by one time.

Attacking the catfish without knowing its status is too dangerous.

In this middle layer, most monsters are weak, but this catfish is way stronger than the others.

If possible, I want to pass through it.

But, the catfish is swimming near the path that I'm using.

When thinking about the tendency up until now, the probability that it will attack is high.

Un.

What should I do?

No, I think I can run away with my speed if I thought of it, but it's troublesome if it chase after me with its excessively high red stamina gauge.

Even though the yellow gauge is little, still, it a few times more than me.

Above all, I can't see until its skill.

If that catfish have "SP Consumption Down" at a high level, then I might not be able to run away from it.

Well, I think that it doesn't have it.

It's a little strong to fight.

Then, as expected, should I run away?

Un.

I shouldn't challenge the impossible.

Although recently, my condition is improving, being carried away at such time will only experience pain.

I have already learned my lesson.

I must not get carried away.

I must be modest.

Thus, let's begin moving.

I will escape with all my power when I'm found.

Then, another catfish came up from the bottom of the nearby magma.

Ha?

Uoi!?

That's not what was said before!?

I'm at a pinch even though I never get carried away!?

The catfish matches its eyes to me, and after it look blankly for a moment, it opened its big mouth.

Back step!

The catfish closes its mouth at the place where I was.

The catfish goes up to the land sluggishly as it is.

This guy, although I didn't notice it when it's in the magma, it has limbs.

Besides, its whole body is covered with dragon-like scales.

Indeed, the defensive ability is high.

Un.

Let's escape.

Ack!?

When I look at my escaping route, the catfish that I saw before crawled up to the land.

This, it's impossible to run because from my position, I will get attacked on both sides!?

What should I do!?

Eei, if it's like this, then I will defeat the catfish in front of me immediately.

Poison Thread is wrapped around the catfish's body.

Although it will burn at once, I just need the poison to enter it even a little!

The thread that burns at once just as I thought.

In order to confirm the effect of the poison, I see the catfish's HP.

It decreases a little.

It looks like poison is effective.

Then, I must somehow administer poison.

The catfish opens its mouth wide.

It rushes as it is.

Nuoo! (　ぬおー！)

Scary!

But, I attract it to the very limit intentionally!

When the big mouth reaches just in front of me, "Poison Synthesis" activate!

I withdraw by a paper-thin difference!

The catfish swallows the synthesized Deadly Spider Poison instead of me.

In an instant, the catfish's HP begins to decrease at an incredible rate.

The speed of the decrease is incredible.

Besides, the catfish writhes painfully.

Oh, my poison has become this powerful....

And, the other one!?

When turning my gaze, the another catfish feels a little frightened after looking at its comrade's disastrous scene.

O-oh.

Well, seeing your comrade to suffer this much, of course you will think that 'this is dangerous'.

I thought that the dragons don't escape, but it was the seahorse only.

The healthy catfish turned back and escape as it is.

Seriously.

At first, I'm the one who thought of escaping though.

I never thought that the other side will escape.

This, isn't it okay even if I get carried away?

Aren't I considerably strong?

For the time being, I will kill the suffering catfish.

I use "Poison Synthesis" towards the face of the catfish.

The twitching catfish's movement stopped.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Poison Taratect LV6 has become LV7》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Concentration LV9』 has become 『Concentration LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Concentration LV10』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV4』 has become 『Evasion LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Life LV7』 has become 『Life LV8』》

《Skill points gained》

Hmm?

Apparently, "Concentration" have reached the max level at the same time as level up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77.1: Q&A corner 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Q&A corner 7

Q, About the stamina and instantaneous force

A, This is the author's lack of the ability to express it.

The details are in chapter 21, but I will explain it here again.

Even though I'm using "Agility" and "Endurance", this is only used for convenience.

Systematically, the yellow gauge (agility) represents the amount of a person can move.

It decreases when a person sprints at full speed, etc, when this becomes 0, a person will lose his breath and it becomes painful.

If I say it oppositely, it's alright to move while the person still have this gauge.

Because Kumoko has only a little in this gauge, she can't last long if she sprints at full speed.

This is the situation where there's no "Agility" and can't continue.

The red gauge(endurance) is the energy that the creature saved up.

It will die from starvation when this is exhausted.

Although it's confusing, I can't think of another word for it, so it became like this.

Q, It's a reward in our industry!

A, O-oh.

Live strong.

Kumoko is relatively okay with dirty jokes.

Although it won't be so vulgar, I think she will blurt it out occasionally from now on.

Q, Here was a good person

A, He's a very good person.

He's an extremely fresh and good person.

Because he's suspected to be wicked on his debut, I made a story of him in a hurry(lol).

Q, Is Y, the Yuusha's Y?

A, That's right.

However, I never consider any meaning on it when I attach it.

At first, the S means Side, but I might as well make this as the initials of the prince, then the prince's name is decided. Using the simple method again, Y was decided to be Julius(Yuliusu) and Yuusha.

I never thought that the spelling would be misunderstood! It's my mistake!

Q, Woman's ability remark

A, Because this was hard to understand, I revised it.

Julius's Onee-san marry into another country.

So-called political marriage.

The woman's ability whom Julius says means the role that can only be played by woman.

I have rewrite it, and now, it's straightforward, saying that she marry into a family.

Q, Creature's poison can be classified into enzyme poison and neurotoxin. Kumo-san have which one?

Because it's a spider, I think it's neurotoxin, but it seems to be enzyme poison as it has effects after pouring it on the body.

A, This will likely become a spoiler, so I will ignore this now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

78 ... It's an amazing skill.

The "Concentration" skill that I have expected have reached its max level.

Let's appraise the derived skill, "Thought Acceleration".

『Thought Acceleration：Accelerates the thoughts, and the perceivable time is extended』

... It's an amazing skill.

No, isn't this seriously amazing?

This, in other words, it's that, right?

It means that the flow of time feels slower, right?

It's the phenomenon that the top-notch athlete experience it sometimes where the ball looks slow, right?

To be able to activate it.

Isn't it amazing?

I activate it immediately.

Umu.

The activation itself succeeded without any problems.

So, how does it feels?

Hmm?

The magma's movement is a little slow?

And, there's an uncomfortable feeling.

The various senses of the body feels fast and yet slow, it's a strange feeling that can't be said.

I try to move my body.

Somehow, there's a strange weight like being underwater.

Like impatience that can't be moved.

So, this is the default of "Thought Acceleration".

Recently, because I will get carried away by my speed, when I use my top speed, I should probably activate this.

Huh?

But, this doesn't consumes anything?

Neither my MP nor SP has decreased.

That means, this is a skill that can be activated continuously, a passive skill?

Although it looks like it can be switched between on and off, there's no demerit even though I switch it on continuously?

Eh, isn't it amazing?

I thought it will surely consumes MP.

Something like MP is consumed and it can only be activated for a few seconds.

No consumption, anytime and anywhere?

Isn't this an outrageous skill?

The demerit is none in particular.

If I were to say it, then there's an uncomfortable feeling to get used to this feeling.

I might have acquired a unimaginable cheat skill!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Prediction LV9』 has become 『Prediction LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Prediction LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Foresight LV1』》

Ah, Prediction-san, bye.

Come to think of it, this also was on the brink of reaching max level.

Well, although it was a useless skill, did it become useful after evolving?

『Foresight：The effect of prediction rises. As a result, the possibility of the future can slightly be seen』

Hmm?

The possibility of the future?

Eh, what does it means?

For the time being, activate.

Un.

This also can be activated without any problems.

But, nothing changes?

Ah, no.

Somehow, the magma's movement is a little weird.

Some parts are blurred?

No, this, it overlaps with what I'm seeing.

Is this overlapped part, the one that's called possibility of the future?

In short, does it means that I'm seeing the future?

Well, I can't believe on it because it's just a possibility, but this skill might be useful if I raise it.

The magma that overlapped is also few now, so it doesn't seems to be useful.

Huh?

Wait a minute.

This also doesn't consume anything?

Eh, this is also a passive skill?

... It's an amazing skill.

I never thought that a treasure will come out from the useless child, "Prediction".

I'm sorry, Prediction.

It's possible to become competent even if a useless child work hard.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV8』 has become 『Appraisal LV9』》

The head of the former useless child came!

Appraisal-sama!

How is the level up this time!?

Please, let me see at once!

『Small Poison Taratect　LV7　No name

Status

ＨＰ：８８／８８（Green）

ＭＰ：１８５／１８５（Blue）

ＳＰ：８８／８８（Yellow）

：８８／８８（Red）＋６１２

Average Offensive Ability：１０９

Average Defensive Ability：１０８

Average Magic Ability：１３９

Average Resistance Ability：１７３

Average Speed Ability：９５６

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV5」「MP Recovery Speed LV3」「MP Consumption Down LV2」「SP Recovery Speed LV2」「SP Consumption Down LV2」「Enhanced Destruction LV1」「Enhanced Slashing LV1」「Enhanced Poison LV2」「Fighting Spirit LV1」「Vitality Granting LV2」「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」「Poison Synthesis LV7」「Thread Talent LV3」「Spider Thread LV9」「Severing Thread LV6」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV7」「3D-Maneuver LV4」「Concentration LV10」「Thought Acceleration LV1」「Foresight LV1」「Parallel Thought LV4」「Calculation Processing LV6」「Accuracy LV8」「Evasion LV5」「Appraisal LV9」「Detection LV6」「Stealth LV7」「Hell」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV2」「Poison Magic LV2」「Abyss Magic LV10」「Pride」「Overeating LV7」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Destruction Resistance LV1」「Blow Resistance LV2」「Slash Resistance LV3」「Fire Resistance LV1」「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」「Paralysis Resistance LV3」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV2」「Fear Resistance LV7」「Heresy Resistance LV3」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV7」「Enhanced Vision LV8」「Enhanced Hearing LV8」「Enhanced Smell LV7」「Enhanced Taste LV5」「Enhanced Touch LV6」「Life LV8」「Magic Amount LV8」「Agility LV8」「Endurance LV8」「Herculean Strength LV3」「Solid LV3」「Protection LV3」「Idaten LV3」「Taboo LV4」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：２２０

Title

「Gross Feeder」「Blood Relative Eater」「Assassin」「Monster Killer」「Poison Technique User」「Thread User」「Merciless」「Monster Slaughterer」「Ruler of Pride」』

Oh, Ooh!

The titles are added!

I have been interested in this plainly.

And, the figure seen next to this red gauge, certainly, it's the "Overeating" skill's stocks.

It's stocked this much.

Then, no wonder it doesn't decrease no matter how long time progress.

Well then, let's appraise the titles immediately.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

79 How's a spider who's full of dangerous titles?

Because of Appraisal-sama's power, the titles can be seen. Let's appraise the details immediately.

『Title：The reinforced code acquired by meeting specific conditions. When obtaining it, two skills can be acquired. Among the titles, there are those with special effects and those that have the effect of raising status』

Hee.

The title doesn't only acquire two skills.

I surely thought that it was like that.

That means, my titles might have some special effects.

This is making me getting excited to appraise it.

Thus, let's go!

『Gross Feeder：Acquisition skill 「Poison Resistance LV1」「Corrosion Resistance LV1」：Acquisition condition：Intake a large amount of poison for a certain period：Effect：Stomach becomes stronger：Explanation：The title presented to those who made poison as food』

Ah, yes.

That's right, I have only ate poison since I was born.

Then, I can't complain even if I were to be called "Gross Feeder".

I mean, what's with that stomach becomes stronger effect....

Well, I have only ate poison, was it unexpectedly useful?

If I don't have this title and the "Corrosion Resistance", then I might die at the moment I ate the snail insect, so I might be indebted to it.

However, the name is like that.

『Blood Relative Eater：Acquisition skill「Taboo LV1」「Heresy Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：Eat blood relatives：Effect：None：Explanation：The title presented to those who ate their blood relatives』

Effect, none.

Is there a point to acquire this title?

No matter how I think, when there's the "Taboo" skill that has a negative effect, isn't this a must-not-acquire title?

"Heresy Magic" can't be used, so it not a gain.

At present, only the bad one haven't play their role.

『Assassin：Acquisition skill 「Stealth LV1」「Shadow Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：After the number of succession in assassination by surprise attack reaches a certain point：Effect：Damage bonus to the first attack of the surprise attack：Explanation：The title presented to those who repeated assassination』

Oh.

Although it's the same as the acquired skills, the effect is also quite real.

As expected, this is ninja.

Because ninja also had the assassin side, it's not wrong.

Can I behead someone in a surprise attack with bare hands sooner or later?

Ah, in the first place, even though I'm bare-handed, I have claws, so I can do it if I want.

『Monster Killer：Acquisition skill 「Powerful LV1」「Sturdy LV1」：Acquisition condition：Defeat a certain number of monsters：Effect：A slight increase in damage when the opponent is a monster：Explanation：The title presented to those who defeated a lot of monsters』

Ah.

As expected, the number of monsters killed was related.

Although I don't know how much exactly is the certain number, when I acquired this title, I have defeated quite an amount of monsters.

The effect is also quite delicious, so this is a good title to acquire.

『Poison Technique User：Acquisition skill 「Poison Synthesis LV1」「Poison Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：Use a certain amount of poison：Effect：Enhanced the poison attribute：Explanation：The title presented to those who uses poison』

The very useful title number 1.

I'm indebted to "Poison Synthesis".

I mean, the effect is also amazing.

It's like the title for me.

If I can use "Poison Magic", then I have nothing to say.

The acquisition condition, a certain amount of poison, is it unrelated to the strength of the poison?

If I assume that, my poison is considerably strong, so I might have use only a little amount.

Even though I have been using poison ever since I was born, the reason that I can't acquire this title easily might be that.

『Thread User：Acquisition skill 「Thread Manipulation LV1」「Severing Thread LV1」：Acquisition condition：The number of attacks using the thread reaches a certain point：Effect：The offensive ability using the thread is increased：Explanation：The title presented to those who take thread as a weapon』

The very useful title number 2.

It's the title that super-strengthens my main weapon, thread.

It won't do much in this middle layer though!

However, the acquisition condition, effect and the explanation are fine, I never thought that this title is a title for those who use thread to attack.

In my case, the adhesion thread was my main force.

That, rather than an attack, it's more like a support.

So, I acquired this title quite slow.

With the adhesion thread, it didn't judge it as an attack.

When I began to use Kumorning Star and Cast Net, were those counted as attacks?

If only I know the acquisition condition a little more early, it might be a little easier to acquire it.

『Merciless：Acquisition skill 「Heresy Magic LV1」「Heresy Resistance LV1」：Acquisition condition：Take merciless action：Effect：Feelings of guilt disappears：Explanation：The title presented to those who became merciless』

Vague overall.

Elaborate the explanation more.

Isn't the acquisition condition too vague?

Hmm, the effect is also strange, so it's a strange title overall.

『Monster Slaughterer：Acquisition skill 「Herculean Strength LV1」「Solid LV1」：Acquisition condition：Defeat a certain number of monsters：Effect：An increase in damage when the opponent is a monster：Explanation：The title presented to those who defeated a great amount of monsters』

Un.

This is completely the higher rank of the "Monster Killer" title.

Perhaps, when I defeat more monsters than the "Monster Killer", I will acquire this title.

Looking at the effect or explanation, it feels like that.

『Ruler of Pride：Acquisition skill 「Abyss Magic LV10」「Hell」：Acquisition condition：Acquisition of 「Pride」：Effect：Every ability of MP, magic and resistance rise. A＋correction whenever mind-type skill proficiency gained. The Ruler class privilege is acquired：Explanation：The title presented to those who rule pride』

Wait.

Wait for a while.

What's with that effect?

The reason my status skyrocketed suddenly is you!?

I mean, not only that, but a plus correction whenever skill proficiency is gained!?

Even though the effect of "Pride" has already been added?

So that's why my "Prediction" rises so fast!

I mean, what's the Ruler class privilege?

『Ruler Class Privilege：The authority to manage a part of the world given to the Ruler』

Eh?

What's that?

Can I use that?

《Received the use request of the privilege form the Ruler of Pride. There's no authority that the Ruler of Pride can use now》

None!?

Seriously, what's this?

The "Pride" skill is too mysterious.

Well, I understood various things about titles.

As expected, Appraisal-sama is reliable.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 80.

Prologue of a great battle?

I translated the title wrongly. It's suppose to be Fire Drake.

80 Spider vs Fire Drake ①

Because I'm satisfied with Appraisal-sama's results, I eat the catfish that cooled.

I need to wait like this for the monsters in the middle layer to cool down in order to eat it.

Even if I waited, only the outside has cooled, and the inside is still hot.

My HP will decrease if I'm careless. It's unpleasant to use my nerve in order to eat.

Ah, the catfish is delicious.

Seriously!?

It's the first time I meet an ingredient that's delicious in this spider life!

Amazing.

I shouldn't have let the other one go.

No, I can still catch up with it.

That guy was considerably slow, so can I catch up now?

Ah, but, I can't do anything if it escape into the magma.

Shit, I failed.

For the time being, let's eat this catfish.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Taste LV5』 has become 『Enhanced Taste LV6』》

Delicious.

I'm glad that I'm born.

Seriously delicious.

Although it's still far compared with what I ate in my previous life, I have only ate unappetizing things so far.

Finally, I really meet something delicious.

Though I'm not particularly picky in eating in my previous life.

I only know how blessed am I in those days after I became a spider.

I'm already sick of unappetizing monsters.

I want to eat delicious things.

Yosh.

Let's hunt the catfish.

There's no need to worry about the catfish being a little stronger.

To satisfy this desire, I will risk my life.

That shows how worthy it is.

Now, wait for me, catfish.

I'll consume you until extinction.

Caatfiishhh!

Caatfiishh!

Caatfiishh, wheree aree youu!

I wander around the labyrinth searching for the catfish.

None.

When I don't want you to appear, you appear suddenly, and when I want you to appear, you won't appear at all.

Come out quickly.

Come out and be eaten by me.

The other guy appears at such a time.

『Elro Generush　LV8

Status

ＨＰ：１７０／１７０（Green）

ＭＰ：１６１／１６１（Blue）

ＳＰ：１５８／１５８（Yellow）

：１５６／１６７（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：８７

Average Defensive Ability：８４

Average Magic Ability：８４

Average Resistance Ability：８１

Average Speed Ability：９１

Skill

「Fire Drake LV1」「Accuracy LV4」「Swim LV4」「Heat Nullity」』

Three seahorses appeared.

One of the status among them has something added on it.

Ooh, that's right!

Appraisal-sama's level rose, so I can see the opponent's skills!

Uha!

Finally, Appraisal-sama looks like a cheat!

However, seahorse, aren't your skill too few?

Only 4.

It's too lonely.

It's no wonder that I feel that you are weaker than your status.

Moreover, "Heat Nullity" is obviously the max level of "Fire Resistance", and the other skills are all low.

For the time being, let's appraise the skill that I seen for the first time.

『Fire Drake：A special skill owned by the Fire Drake species. A special effect is displayed according to the level. LV1：Fireball Breath』

『Swim：Increases the swimming movement』

Fumu.

The "Fire Drake" is as expected, a special skill that exists only in the Fire Drake species.

Similar to my "Spider Thread" skill.

It looks like it can only shoot the fireball at level 1.

I mean, even though the guy itself is level 8, the "Fire Drake" skill is level 1.

Is the skill level hard to raise? Or, is it just because this guy is lazy to earn skill proficiency?

And, "Swim" is a skill that makes a person swim better.

Un.

I'm convinced after seeing the skills.

I won't lose against these guys.

Thus, quickly, well, this won't end quickly.

After all, these guys are in the magma.

I only have stone throwing as an attack from here.

Ah, wait?

What will happen if I smear Deadly Poison on the stone?

You'll never know unless you try.

First of all, avoid my opponents' fireball, and pick up a stone in that interval.

Umu.

"Thought Acceleration" is doing a good job.

If it was before, I might need to devote myself to avoid if there are three of them, but thanks to "Thought Acceleration", I have the composure to counterattack.

Facing the stone, I use "Poison Synthesis".

Yosh yosh.

Now that the poison sticks to the stone, darasshaa! ( ダラッシャー！)

The stone that I threw hits one of the seahorses splendidly.

How's the decrease of HP?

Un.

It's not very good.

Although it's better than doing nothing, it doesn't increase that much.

After all, by putting it on the stone is not enough to stick to the opponent's body firmly.

My Deadly Spider Poison has two kinds of damage which are contact damage and intake damage.

The contact damage is the damage that occurs when the poison is attached to the skin, and the intake damage is the damage that occurs when the opponent's inside is invaded by the poison.

In the case of contact damage and intake damage, the intake damage is overwhelmingly higher.

Although the contact damage is not so high, the damage increases tremendously after a certain time when leaving it with poison on it.

It's because of the adhering poison that enters the opponent's inside.

In other words, contact also will eventually become intake.

Well, it will be a different story if it's washed off before that.

That's why, if the opponent is a monster that won't wash off the poison, I don't need to aim at its mouth purposely because all I have to do is to stick the poison on its body.

When I'm in hurry, the best will be aiming the mouth or the eyes, but when thinking about safety, I should stick it at the place that has a lot of chance.

That is used properly in the situation sometimes.

Thus, let's cover the seahorses one by one with poison because the seahorses' MP are exhausted, and they have came ashore nonchalantly.

For these guys, because their mouth are small, I have no choice but to splash it on their body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80.1: Q&A corner 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Q&A corner 8

Q, For example, if she plays at an area with water, will she be able to be a water spider by the effects of the environment?

And, this come into my mind suddenly, for example, the Lesser Taratect can pick to evolve into a Small Taratect and it became small again. Will such thing happens?

A, There's a limitation for the range of evolution.

Although there might be evolution by environment, it's just probably.

It won't degenerate.

Because the Lesser Taratect is grown form, even if the Small Taratect is the higher rank species, it will never degenerate into a Small Taratect.

Q, The higher rank of "Monster Killer", "Monster Slaughterer", isn't it better to overwrite the previous title? Because Kumoko is going to acquire more titles from now on, the notation will only get more

A, The title evolves but doesn't overwrites.

Because, there are not so many titles, and because the acquisition condition is quite hard, it's difficult to acquire a lot of titles.

Kumoko acquired a lot though....

Q, ＞12 people in the Village of Elf

Isn't the Elf population too low? Or, people other than Elves live in there?

A, This means that 12 people are protected in the Village of Elf.

It's not that there are only 12 Elves.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80.2: Side 12 Academy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S12 Academy

There's an academy in this country.

In the former world, going to school was natural, but in this world, only few who goes to school.

Privileged class nobles, etc or some affluent commoners, or those who are blessed with talents, only can go to school.

Because I'm from the royal family, it's not a problem to go to the academy.

Sue is also the same, and Katia who is the Duke's daughter also cleared the conditions.

It has been decided that the three of us will enter the academy together.

General studies is taught in the academy similar to the school in the former world.

The lesson to fight will also be attended at the same time.

That is the main one.

Although Dastordia continent is a Human race territory, in the case of other continents, the fight against the Demon race and monsters is still intense.

Monsters also inhabit in the Dastordia continent, but the people who can fight is insufficient.

That's why, fight is often learned in the academy.

The three of us is in the hall where the academy's entrance ceremony was held.

If I look around the surroundings, the students who entered the academy this year sit on the seat while waiting for the ceremony to start.

Because this academy boast of being the largest structure in the neighborhood, children from foreign countries came to enter the academy.

Among them, there are also Demi-human, etc, can be seen here and there.

When I look at such students, I avert my eyes quickly and I'm watched by the students.

I can feel the glance sometimes, and the voice speaking of a rumor can be heard.

「The person over there, I heard that he's the prince in this country」

「Although he is said to be a genius, judging from his appearance, he doesn't look strong」

「Can't I get acquainted with him somehow?」

Although I'm said variously, because of "Enhanced Hearing", I can hear everything.

It's very uncomfortable.

「Good morning」

A nonchalant voice breaks such atmosphere and reaches my ear.

Turning around, as expected, Oka-chan aka Firimes of the Elf was there.

「Good morning. Somehow it feels strange that Sensei is a student」

「Sensei is excited that Sensei can taste youth once more」

Sensei sit down next to me.

Sue who sat on the opposite side sends a glare at Sensei.

Rather than glaring, she's staring usually.

Come to think of it, this is the first meeting for both of them.

In the next moment, fear runs on my back.

「Imouto-chan. The next time you release your killing intent towards Sensei, Sensei will kill you, you know?」

Sensei who says it while smiling.

Her tone is still the same as always.

But, her eyes didn't laughed at all.

Sue is also pressured by that power.

Katia and I were surprised at such Sensei's appearance.

Because she was called by the nickname, Oka-chan, Sensei should be a person who had the charm.

She never got seriously angry, and she was a friendly teacher.

Even if it's wrong, she shouldn't be a person who release a dreadful and cold killing intent.

「Did that surprised you? But, if we don't do this much, we won't be able to survive in this world. Because the Elf's growth are slower than the Human, we get underestimated of being small, but if you want to pick a fight with Sensei, then please come after you have resolved to die, okay?」

Sensei might have experienced unimaginable experiences because she was able to use the word "resolute to die" without hesitation.

I stealthily use "Appraisal" that I raised steadily on Sensei.

『Appraisal was obstructed』

「Shun-kun, it's not an admiration to look at a lady's profile without permission」

My head was hit by something almost at the same time as the result of "Appraisal" failed.

「Sensei has never taught you to be a peeping tom」

Although I don't know what's the principle, Sensei senses and obstructs my "Appraisal" and counterattacks.

And in addition to that, in the method that I can't react at all.

Just in that exchange, I understood that I can't defeat Sensei.

「I'm sorry, I got interested」

「Un. If you do something bad, the best is to apologize. But, the next time you appraise Sensei without permission, Sensei will have you feel a bit more pain, okay?」

「Hai. I will engrave it on my heart」

Really.

It's better that I don't do anything imprudent.

「But Sensei, if you have the ability to that extent, then is there a need to go to the academy?」

I suddenly held such a doubt.

Actually, Katia, Sue and I have been training, but we have no experience in combat.

For this reason, we came here with the purpose to perfect our basics.

But, judging from Sensei's ability and the way she speaks, she looks like she has already gained combat experiences.

Is there something to be learned in this academy now?

「There is. There are plenty of things to be learned in this academy. But, that's just half of my official stance, and this country will be the base of activity for a while」

「If that's the case, then there's no need to go to the academy...」

「The activity that Sensei is saying is not searching for students」

「Eh, then, what?」

「That is still a secret, but the search of the remaining students is entrusted to the Elves」

I stiffen toward Sensei's shocking remark.

When we met before, Sensei said that six students are yet to be found.

What on earth Sensei wants to do to the point that she abandon that.

「You might think that's cold-hearted, but here is the limit of the search. The place we haven't search is the Demon race territory and the untrodden land. To be honest, Sensei don't think that they are still alive」

「Wha!?」

「Sensei, are you serious?」

「Serious, really serious. Action in the earliest stages is important for such disaster relief. Sensei has done the very best after being born again. But, I think it's good that half of the number were found. It's great as a result because it was exceeded drastically」

「But」

「Then, will you look for the remaining six? How? With your legs? You think you will find them?」

My feelings shrinks like being grabbed tightly towards Sensei who suddenly speaks normally.

Sensei who saw that, breathe a heavy sigh.

「Although Sensei has said it before, Sensei has done the very best. From now on, Sensei thinks that making the former students that were found to live properly in this world is the priority. Therefore, Sensei wants to learn various things in this academy and act variously at the same time」

「I under...stand」

Although I'm not consent from the bottom of my heart, Sensei certainly have done her best.

Besides, I, who didn't contributes to the activity at all, I can't state my opinion.

Perhaps, Sensei herself might be the most painful.

「I'm sorry. I said something in a presumptuous manner」

「Shun-kun never said anything wrong. However, even if it's not wrong, there are a lot of things that are not correct in this world」

Afterwards, the entrance ceremony was held.

Honestly, the contents didn't entered at all.

Therefore, I overlooked what kind of face did Sue and Katia made.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

81 Spider vs Fire Drake ②

Caatfiishh!

I wanted to meet you, catfish!

I found you at last!

Now, hand over the meat!

Hand it over right now!

The choices are, only snatch it even if I have to kill you!

My heart's desired catfish was found!

That guy is swimming calmly in the magma.

First of all, I need to lure it out from the magma.

By the way, the catfish's skill appraisal also succeeded.

There's no great difference with the previous guy in status.

The skills that the catfish has were 「Fire Drake LV2」「Dragon Scale LV1」「Accuracy LV7」「Swim LV6」「Overeating LV2」「Heat Nullity」.

"Heat Clad" can be used when "Fire Drake" became level 2. It's as its name, cladding heat on its body.

It's a defensive-type technique or so I thought, but in Appraisal-sama's explanation, the most important thing is that moving ability rises while activating a technique.

But, because its body is heated, if it doesn't have "Fire Resistance", its body itself will receive damage.

The catfish has "Heat Nullity", so it's irrelevant.

"Dragon Scale" is a skill that grows special scales on the whole body.

If I were to speak of how special it is, then certainly it has high defensive ability, and it can obstruct the power of magic to some extent.

However, it doesn't protect against it, but it interferes the composition of the magic and weakens the power.

Well, either way, I can't use magic, so I think it's okay if I recognize it as a simply hard scale.

The rest are skills that everyone have already known.

However, although it's something that I thought suddenly, this catfish, is it the seahorse's evolution?

It's the same "Fire Drake" species, and the skills are all the higher rank skills of the seahorse's skills.

Compared with the seahorse, the skill level rose and "Dragon Scale" and "Overeating" are added.

When seeing the species or the skill composition, it seems possible.

But, then the appearance changed so much just by evolving.

The catfish from the seahorse, isn't it degenerating biologically?

I don't know the details, so I can't declare it.

Although the appearance changed considerably, but, ah, however, if the round mouth is stretched with all strength and the whole body becomes thick, then will it be a catfish?

Un.

Strange.

Well, such thing doesn't matter.

My concern is only the catfish's meat.

Thus, preemptive attack, Poison Stone!

The poison stone that I threw hits the catfish's back.

Un.

As expected, the HP hardly decreases.

Here, after all, let's go with the strategy where I hit it with "Poison Synthesis" when it rushes towards me.

And when I was thinking about that, that catfish shoots out a "Fireball Breath" from within the magma.

Seriously.

It's faster and bigger than the seahorse's fireball.

Well, but still, it won't hit.

I avoided the fireball that came suddenly.

The experienced time of "Thought Acceleration" can only be extended a little at present, but still, the entire world's movement feels slower than usual.

Thanks to my absurdly high speed, I can move normally even in the slowly advancing time.

Well, when the skill level of "Thought Acceleration" rose, this slow condition will get even slower, so I don't know what will happen at that time.

Now, it has extended from 1 second to 1.1 seconds, I wonder?

Although I don't know such accurate thing because it's an experience, I think that it's roughly that much.

The catfish shoots a second shot as it is.

This guy, it's doing the same thing as the seahorse.

As expected, the catfish is the seahorse's evolution.

The previous catfish only came up to the land at the very beginning by chance, and it uses the same strategy as the seahorse.

Ah, but "Heat Clad" is added, so I might need to deal with it in that situation.

Previously, it might attacked me because I appeared in front of it suddenly.

I avoid the catfish's fireball.

It's about time that its MP is exhausted, but how will the catfish come out?

Although the seahorse comes up to the land nonchalantly when its MP is exhausted, how about the catfish?

If it don't come up to the land, I will be troubled, but seeing that previous escape, it seems to escape if it felt danger.

I won't allow such a thing, you know?

I will chase you to the end of the earth, you know?

Leaving aside my concerns, the catfish stopped spitting fireballs.

Un?

You still have a little MP though?

Ah, it decreased now.

This, did it use "Heat Clad"?

It's amazing that such thing can be understand.

The opponent's information is fully known.

Appraisal-sama is a cheat after all.

The catfish creeps out from within the magma.

It opens its big mouth as it is and rushes towards me.

Kukuku.

I waited for it!

I attract it enough, and "Poison Synthesis".

At the same time, I evade quickly.

The catfish swallowed the Deadly Poison while going straight ahead.

I look at that appearance and, ah, the catfish fell.

It's twitching.

The Spider's Deadly Poison is really effective.

The normal Powerful Poison won't have such effect, and when I match it with the Spider Poison, the power of "Poison Synthesis" skyrockets.

This skill's compatibility with me is really good.

Well then, I pour additional poison on the suffering catfish.

The catfish twitch greatly and dies at the end.

Now, I need to wait the effect of "Heat Clad" and the magma to cool.

Meal, meal.

Up until now, it was compulsory to eat the monsters that I have defeated, but this time is different!

I can taste deliciously.

Aah, how wonderful!

Cool faster.

I'm looking forward to eat it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

82 Spider vs Fire Drake ③

The catfish was delicious.

It's a very delicious dish.

When doing so, "Enhanced Taste" rose to level 7.

I want to retort on myself who concentrated on eating.

But, it can't be helped!

Up until now, I have only eaten unappetizing things!

I want to taste delicious things!

Incidentally, "Overeating" rose to level 8.

The stock is still enough, but if the level rises, the amount that can be stocked will also increase, so there's no disadvantage.

It will soon become level 10, and I'm also interested in either "Overeating" derived skill or evolved skill.

It's such a convenient skill, so I can expect from it.

Besides, there's something that's on my mind.

That's the "Pride" skill.

Speaking of "Pride", the seven deadly sins.

And, among the seven deadly sins, there's one called "Gluttony".

"Overeating" and "Gluttony".

The sound of the word and the meaning are similar.

Perhaps, is "Gluttony" the evolution of "Overeating"?

I can't help but to feel so.

The effect of "Pride" is too extraordinary, so if "Overeating" evolves into "Gluttony", as the same series, it might have an effect rivaling "Pride".

However, in that case, as expected, I will be shadowed by the same uneasiness as "Pride".

Well, it's still level 8.

It's still early to be worried.

Besides, the skill level rose as it pleases, so it can't be helped even if I worry.

Well then, let's search for the next catfish.

Caatfiishh!

I wander around the middle layer searching for catfish.

But, I can't find the catfish.

Muu.

In the first place, I can't find it if it dives into the magma.

During the first time I encounter it, it also appeared suddenly from within the magma.

If it usually dives in the magma, then finding it will become difficult.

In my opinion, my searching ability without relying on my skills is quite high.

Although I'm not aware of it myself, when I think back, it's just that my intuition is good.

I never received a surprise attack in the upper layer or the lower layer, and when I feel the dangers, it roughly hits.

I think that this is might be something equipped originally on a spider.

Without being aware of it, feel the flow of the air, I think that it's like that.

Come to think of it, even though a catfish was nearby in the magma, I understand that I didn't notice it.

If I can perceive it by the flow of air, then it can't be helped that I can't perceive it if its in the magma.

Underwater or underground, I probably won't be able to know if it's a surprise attack from there.

Then, it's dangerous to be near to the magma.

If it suddenly springs at me and drag me into the magma, then my death is decided.

Well, even if it's not like that, because being near to the magma is dangerous, I should keep away from it as much as possible.

From now on, I should put myself on guard so that I'm good to go when a monster appears suddenly.

Like this.

It came out from within the magma, and the guy appeared in front of me is, an eel?

Un.

It's the eel-like monster that has limbs.

『Elro Generave　LV2

Status

ＨＰ：１００１／１００１（Green）

ＭＰ：５１１／５１１（Blue）

ＳＰ：８９９／８９９（Yellow）

：９７１／９７１（Red）＋５７

Average Offensive Ability：８９３

Average Defensive Ability：８２１

Average Magic Ability：４５４

Average Resistance Ability：４３３

Average Speed Ability：５８２

Skill

「Fire Drake LV4」「Dragon Scale LV5」「Enhanced Fire LV1」「Accuracy LV10」「Evasion LV1」「Probability Correction LV1」「High-speed Swim LV2」「Overeating LV5」「Heat Nullity」「Life LV3」「Agility LV1」「Endurance LV3」「Powerful LV1」「Sturdy LV1」』

Crap.

This eel is very strong.

『Elro Generave：The medium rank monster who belongs to the dragon that inhabits in the Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer. Omnivorous but it has the habit of eating other monsters by its own choice』

This strength is only medium rank.

I mean, seeing the skill composition, is this eel the evolution of the catfish?

I have no time to care about such thing now.

The distance with the eel is about 15 meters.

The other side has already noticed me and lock-on me.

Although I'm higher in speed, my other status are hopelessly inferior.

Especially the red stamina gauge, I lost even including the "Overeating" skill stock.

Even if I escape, the possibility of it catching up after my stamina is exhausted is high.

I hope that it gives up before that happens....

And, my yellow stamina gauge is low, so I can't maintain my top speed for a long time.

The worst possibility is that I will get caught when my yellow gauge is exhausted.

Can I get away from it?

When thinking so, the eel's appearance blurred.

This, "Foresight" is activated.

And, the blurred eel seems to take an action like spitting something.

After that, the eel spit out a fireball similar to the blurred image.

After all, the basic strategy is the same.

But, the fireball is fast and big that it cannot be compared with the seahorse and the catfish!

I evade it in a hurry.

Although "Thought Acceleration" works, the fireball flies at the speed that I can't feel that favor.

The fireball hits the place I was directly together with an explosion.

I can only barely avoided it even though I borrowed the power of "Foresight" and "Thought Acceleration".

I thought that I was able to avoid it with a little more time, but what's this?

『Probability Correction：Increases the power of the skills that are related to probability』

It's because of this skill.

The hit rate might rose because of this skill.

Then, it might be difficult to keep avoiding it even with my "Evasion".

This might be genuinely dangerous.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

83 Spider vs Fire Drake ④

I avoid the fireball spitted by the eel.

The following fireball flies towards the point where I avoided.

Like this, I can't even escape.

My HP decreases a little by the aftermath of the explosion.

Although it can be avoided if I use my top speed, my yellow gauge decreases fast.

If I keep my best speed, my yellow gauge will be exhausted in the blink of an eye and I will lose my breath.

It would be the end if that happens.

I predict the trajectory of the fireball by the power of "Foresight" and "Thought Acceleration", anticipate it and dodge it.

But, the eel reads that I will forestall it, and the trajectory is corrected.

Which one will outsmart the other party?

It's the tension like reading the back until the back.

Although it's not a big deal even if the other side misses, I will die if I miss even once. There's a big difference.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV1』 has become 『Thought Acceleration LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Foresight LV1』 has become 『Foresight LV2』》

The skill level ups in this timing is very welcome.

The movement of the flying fireball can be felt a little slower than before.

Because my speed also will become slower, I must be careful about it.

The fireball is avoided.

Then, a different movement from the current eel was seen in "Foresight".

Although there's no difference in the action of the breath, it stores more than the current.

I lift off the top speed that I saved.

I run through at the speed that leaves the scenery.

An intense flame burnt the rear.

『Flame Breath：Breathe out a long breath of flame that burns a wide range』

It's the technique that becomes usable at the skill level 4 of "Fire Drake".

Although I'm sure that I didn't receive a direct hit, my back is hot even it's just the remaining heat.

My HP also decreases gradually.

The situation is getting gradually worse and worse, if I receive even one direct hit, I won't survive.

Having said that, I don't have an effective breakthrough solution.

I can only continue to avoid now, and wait for the chance.

There's an uneasiness feeling from my gradually whittling life.

A fireball flies again.

Because of the eel's "Accuracy" skill at level 10 and the "Probability Correction" skill, the aim is unexpectedly accurate.

If I don't have the combo of "Evasion", "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight", then it's doubtful that I can avoid it.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV5』 has become 『Evasion LV6』》

Yosh!

Although the situation can't be reversed, I want even a little advantage now.

The eel's remaining MP is confirmed while I avoided the fireball.

Although it decreased considerably, it still remains more than half.

The "Flame Breath" is only a wide range technique, and the MP consumption is more intense than the fireball.

If it can't be fired continuously, then it's good, but I want it to keep it as it is.

"Foresight" doesn't activate always, so if that happens, I'm not confident that I can avoid it.

I must confirm the eel's state as long as I can.

Just when I thought about it, "Foresight" caught the appearance of the eel breathing out "Flame Breath".

I run through at top speed once again.

But, this time, the eel doesn't breathe out the breath straight, it shakes it's head to the side, and breathe out sweeping sideways!

The already wide "Flame Breath" attack range expands more.

Guu!

It grazed me a little.

Even though it's just grazed, my HP decrease by 10.

The parts that got grazed were a part of my back and one of my hind-legs.

Although there's a slight pain in my hind-leg, it seems to be okay to move.

However, there might be a small delay in my speed.

This is bad.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fire Resistance LV1』 has become 『Fire Resistance LV2』》

After coming so far, the "Fire Resistance" that never rose, finally rose.

Good timing.

If "Fire Resistance" rises, the automatic recovery should exceed the amount of the terrain damage.

Although the amount of recovery might be insignificant, there's a wide difference between it exist and it doesn't exist.

I see the eel's MP.

Yosh.

It reached half.

The consumption of MP for fireball is roughly 10, and the "Flame Breath" is about 50.

Even though it reached half, if the eel thinks to do it, it can breathe out 4 "Flame Breath".

I don't want that.

I move to take distance with the eel.

When doing so, the eel spits out fireballs while pursuing me.

As planned.

I don't think it can breathe out that "Flame Breath" while moving.

Now, I only need to keep it running while spitting out fireballs until its MP is exhausted.

As long as that's overcome, there should be a chance.

Now, I avoid earnestly.

Falling back as much as possible, but move with avoiding as the highest priority.

I carefully choose the escape route, so that I don't get cornered to the edge of the magma.

I will die if I make a mistake.

Feeling like taking a risk.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Automatic HP Recovery LV5』 has become 『Automatic HP Recovery LV6』》

Yosh yosh!

As expected, I need to concentrate in a combat, so my skill level rises quickly.

The skill that I have waited for it to level as well as the "Fire Resistance" rose in this timing.

It's only an instant that I become happy.

But, that instant is fatal.

The eel's neck moves like the action of the breath.

It's completely unexpected.

"Foresight" never activated.

I can't avoid this.

A breath gushes out from the eel's mouth.

Immediately, I kick the ground with all my strength, and jump up into the air.

The breath snatches my legs.

While enduring the pain, I extend a thread towards the ceiling.

I pull myself in a hurry and lands on the ceiling.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『3D-Maneuver LV4』 has become 『3D-Maneuver LV5』》

I, who look down at the eel from the ceiling.

The eel that looks up at me from within the magma.

Although I manage to avoid the breath somehow, what should I do after this....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sorry for the late release. I went outside for quite long.

Anyway, enjoy the 2 chapters today. Not much time to translate and there's a possibility that I will change my release schedule.

84 Spider vs Fire Drake ⑤

Enough about the fact that I escaped to the ceiling, this situation is not very good.

My movement is slower when I cling to the ceiling than the time I'm on ground.

I had to do my best even on the ground, so I can never be able to keep avoiding the eel's attack.

If I don't return to the ground quick, I will get sniped.

However, it's hard to say that the eel has composure.

The eel's MP decreased considerably.

If I convert the remaining MP, it will be 3 "Flame Breath", and 16 if it's fireball.

If I compare it with the beginning, it has considerably decreased.

But, it has enough strength to shoot me down who's at the ceiling.

Either I return to the ground first or the eel shoots me down first.

I begin to move.

Head for the nearest wall.

But, it looks like the eel anticipated it.

A fireball is shot accurately to obstruct my movement.

It's difficult to avoid it if I'm clinging to the ceiling.

I can't be concerned about my yellow gauge now.

I evade the approaching fireball with all my speed.

I have no choice but to push through by relying on "SP Consumption Down" and "SP Recovery Speed".

I must get close to the wall at all costs before my yellow gauge is exhausted.

I somehow manage to avoid the approaching fireball.

But, because of that, I can't reach the wall.

Meanwhile, my yellow gauge decreases.

This is bad.

If my yellow gauge is exhausted, even clinging to the ceiling will be hard.

I must evade that alone at all costs.

Although I think about that, because of the perfect fireball sniping, it won't advance as I thought.

And, finally, my yellow gauge was exhausted.

Tiredness attacks my body at once.

The fireball approaches there without mercy.

Kuu!

I judge that I can't avoid it, and naturally, I jump into the empty air.

The fireball burst nearby, and the blast strokes my body.

I somehow manage to control my spinning body, and I fire a thread.

The string that sticks on the wall is immediately drawn.

A fireball passes through the empty air where I was a little while ago.

My body swings like the pendulum, and I succeed in landing on the ground without falling into the magma.

A fireball flies towards there without mercy.

With the momentum of the landing, I roll to avoid the fireball.

It's painful.

As the compensation that I kept moving even if my yellow gauge is exhausted, I taste a severe suffocation, the physical weariness that assaults my whole body and pain.

I ignore it by force with the power of "Pain Nullity" and "Pain Alleviation".

Because the eel is preparing a "Flame Breath".

I whipped my trembling body, and run at full speed.

The edge of my view is dyed red by the flame.

Heat approaches from the rear.

I run to shake it off.

And, I avoided the "Flame Breath".

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV6』 has become 『Evasion LV7』》

After avoiding the "Flame Breath", I breathe out my accumulated breath.

My yellow gauge begins to recover.

No fireballs flown anymore.

Finally, the eel's MP is exhausted.

The eel that lost its long distance attack, slips to the land and makes its appearance.

Only the face looks like an eel.

The one over there has a close resemblance to the Orient Dragon, it's a drake that had a long body.

Even if its MP is exhausted, my appearance is caught in its eyes as usual.

It seems that I have been recognized completely as an enemy.

At first, it might want to crush me because I'm an eyesore, but it started to get serious on shooting its fireballs midway.

It's completely serious when it breathe out its "Flame Breath".

Apparently, it seems that it's not pleased that I kept avoiding.

Even if I escape like this, I don't think it will overlook me.

Although its MP is exhausted, its SP is still in good health.

To compare with that, my SP is considerably scraped.

As the compensation to keep moving even if my yellow gauge is exhausted, the amount of my red stamina gauge has decreased to the extent that it can't be ignored.

Because there's still the "Overeating" skill's stock, I won't be unable to move instantly, but when it comes to a physical strength match with the eel, I will surely lose.

It's impossible to get away.

Then, there's only one choice.

I have no choice but to fight and win.

When seeing the numerical value of the status, I don't have a chance to win.

But, it's not all about numerical value.

Although it can be understood if I fight even if it's unpleasant, skill is the most important element in this world.

In the first place, with this much difference in the numerical value, it's a miracle that I'm still alive.

The skill is certainly the one that's causing this miracle.

The power of the skill is demonstrated to its maximum, and because it fills the difference in the status, thus, I succeeded in making the eel to crawl up to the same arena.

Although the difference in the status is certainly a big difference, it's not an absolute difference.

It's a difference that's enough to be overturned by the skill.

And, all of the eel's skills were seen through.

Now that its MP is exhausted, the skills that I need to be cautious are "Accuracy" and "Evasion", and the "Probability Correction" combo.

And, its defensive ability by "Dragon Scale".

The level 3 technique of "Fire Drake".

And, the simple physical ability from the large build.

It's a fairly formidable enemy even if I see this much.

But, I still have my trump card.

My strongest weapon, Deadly Poison attack.

Defensive ability is useless against this attack.

It can even corrode the defense of the scales, and the Deadly Poison will ruin your body.

To the end, I can only rely on my skills.

I'm only surpass it in skills.

But, there's also a possibility to surpass it.

Both of us lack of defensive ability.

If the attack is decided, the win is decided. A match of a one-hit kill.

Then, the one that becomes the winning move of the match is....

And, the second round on the ground began without a signal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

85 Spider vs Fire Drake End

The eel wriggle its long body.

In the offense and defense so far, the eel seems to be quite cautious of me.

Although not as much as the monkey, this eel is smarter than other monsters.

That alone makes it hard for me to act.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV2』 has become 『Thought Acceleration LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Foresight LV2』 has become 『Foresight LV3』》

The eel moved matching the voice of heaven.

Wriggling its body, and strike with its tail.

Of course I evade it.

But, the eel's attack doesn't ends there.

Immediately, its tail sweep sideways to attack me.

I fall back further and evade it.

This time it pulls back its tail, and it go towards me.

I have been waiting for that.

In the somewhat slow world caused by the "Thought Acceleration", I stare at the approaching eel's mouth.

I judge that I can avoid it, so I activate "Poison Synthesis" at the last moment.

I withdraw at once.

It's the same strategy used on the catfish.

But, the effect is tremendous.

The eel taste my Deadly Poison as planned.

The eel's HP decreases rapidly.

The painfully struggling eel acts violently in random.

I withdraw from the range of its rage.

In the end, if both have the offensive ability of the same one-hit kill, then the one who hits first, wins.

If that's the case, then how to make the attack hits? The one with the great strategy will win.

In addition, my evasion ability is better than the eel's accuracy.

Even if it has the power of "Accuracy" level 10 and "Probability Correction", it won't reach my "Evasion", "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight" combo.

Therefore, when I drag the eel out to the ground, my winning percentage increased a lot.

But, it's not ended yet.

Although I said that it's a one-hit kill, the eel probably doesn't die in that hit.

Even the catfish didn't died by a hit, so there's no way the higher rank which is the eel will die.

Besides, the eel still has the power of that skill.

The eel's HP recovers rapidly in front of me.

『Life Transition：Consumes SP to recover HP』

The level 3 technique of "Fire Drake".

SP is consumed, and HP recovers equivalent to that.

Although it's impossible for it to recover its HP fully with its current SP, it can secure enough HP to endure the Deadly Poison.

Furthermore, in the appraisal result of the eel, 『Poison Resistance LV1』 and 『Automatic HP Recovery LV1』 are newly added.

Still, the poison in its body reduces its HP little by little, but the damage peak ended.

Well, there's no way that I will wait for its revival without doing anything.

I wrap the eel's body with the thread that's made as strong as possible.

Still, it will probably burn out at once, but it doesn't matter.

I just need it to stop the eel's movement for a moment.

As planned, I succeeded in stopping its movement for a moment.

In that moment, I activate "Poison Synthesis" aiming at the eel's face in rapid succession.

Many drops of Deadly Poison hit the eel's face.

The eel tears the thread off and rages.

The poison that invaded from the mouth and the eyes decrease the eel's HP without mercy.

The speed is not on the level that the newly acquired automatic recovery can do something about it.

The power is not on the level that the newly acquired "Poison Resistance" can endure it.

This weapon that I have sharpened in my life as a spider is not easy to protect with just a shield that's made instantly.

The eel that don't have the SP to recover its HP can never endure this attack.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Poison Taratect LV7 has become LV8》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV4』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『SP Consumption Down LV2』 has become 『SP Consumption Down LV3』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Poison Taratect LV8 has become LV9》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Agility LV8』 has become 『Agility LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Endurance LV8』 has become 『Endurance LV9』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Small Poison Taratect LV9 has become LV10》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV6』 has become 『Calculation Processing LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Vision LV8』 has become 『Enhanced Vision LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Life LV8』 has become 『Life LV9』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Individual, Small Poison Taratect can evolve》

I won!

Third part completed!

(TL note: I'm not sure whether this is an author note or not because there's no line separating it)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85.1: Extra 2 Bestiary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extra Bestiary ②

Author note: To commemorate the total of 100 chapters!

『Elro Greim　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：４５／４５（Green）

ＭＰ：１２／１２（Blue）

ＳＰ：５２／５２（Yellow）

：５０／５０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２７

Average Defensive Ability：２３

Average Magic Ability：９

Average Resistance Ability：１１

Average Speed Ability：３１

Skill

「Poison Fang LV1」「Stealth LV1」「Night Vision LV8」「Poison Resistance LV1」』

Also known as mouse.

Although its fighting strength is low, its fertility is high, and it's easy to spring in large quantities.

Even though it's a mouse, human nature is not dropped.

Danger degree, E.

『Finjegoath　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１２５／１２５（Green）

ＭＰ：５５／５５（Blue）

ＳＰ：１１３／１１３（Yellow）

：１０８／１０８（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：６０

Average Defensive Ability：３８

Average Magic Ability：２８

Average Resistance Ability：３１

Average Speed Ability：６８

Skill

「Poison Stinger LV1」「Flight LV3」「Poison Resistance LV1」』

Also known as bee.

The soldier who works for the nest where the later mentioned queen is made as the center.

Generally, it's led by its evolved species, but there are also those who act independently.

The individual that inhabit in the Elro Great Labyrinth has the "Night Vision" skill originally.

Although the individual danger degree is D, the danger degree of the swarm changes according to the scale.

『High Finjegoath　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１８４／１８４（Green）

ＭＰ：９８／９８（Blue）

ＳＰ：１８０／１８０（Yellow）

：１６９／１６９（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：９８

Average Defensive Ability：６９

Average Magic Ability：５８

Average Resistance Ability：６２

Average Speed Ability：１０６

Skill

「Poison Stinger LV5」「Flight LV7」「Cooperation LV1」「Command LV1」「Poison Resistance LV3」』

Also known as captain bee.

Evolved form of Finjegoath.

Newly acquired skills like "Cooperation" and "Command".

The abilities also improves, and it's usually accompanied by several normal species.

Danger degree as individual is D.

『General Finjegoath　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：３４５／３４５（Green）

ＭＰ：２６７／２６７（Blue）

ＳＰ：３３３／３３３（Yellow）

：３２２／３２２（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１７５

Average Defensive Ability：１３６

Average Magic Ability：１２１

Average Resistance Ability：１３０

Average Speed Ability：１９３

Skill

「Poison Stinger LV8」「High-speed Flight LV1」「Cooperation LV4」「Command LV4」「Poison Resistance LV5」』

Hasn't appeared in the story.

The further evolved form of High Finjegoath.

The close aide who protects the queen.

『Queen Finjegoath　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：４６５／４６５（Green）

ＭＰ：３２２／３２２（Blue）

ＳＰ：４３９／４３９（Yellow）

：４３６／４３６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２２９

Average Defensive Ability：２０６

Average Magic Ability：１８７

Average Resistance Ability：１９５

Average Speed Ability：２３４

Skill

「Deadly Poison Stinger LV1」「High-speed Flight LV3」「Cooperation LV8」「Command LV8」「Spawning LV5」「Poison Resistance LV8」』

Hasn't appeared in the story.

The queen bee who controls the Finjegoath monsters.

Although it has high combat abilities, the most troublesome ability is that it can give birth to soldiers one after another by the "Spawning" skill.

While the individual danger degree is C, it's said that the danger degree as swarm can reach even A.

『Earth Dragon Alaba　LV1　Failed to appraise its status』

The Earth Dragon that showed off an overwhelming power.

The bottom of that power has not be seen yet....

『Elro Gresguard　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：９３５／９３５（Green）

ＭＰ：３６４／３６４（Blue）

ＳＰ：８９２／８９２（Yellow）

：９０５／９０５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：８０３

Average Defensive Ability：７８５

Average Magic Ability：３５１

Average Resistance Ability：３３９

Average Speed Ability：７７９

Skill

「Enhanced Slashing LV8」「Flight LV1」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV1」「Enhanced Vision LV3」』

Also known as mantis.

It inhabits in the Elro Great Labyrinth Lower Layer.

It hardly has any special skills, and natural-born combat species that fights only with its physique.

Although it's simple, it's strong.

But still, it's only at the medium level in the Lower Layer Large Labyrinth.

Danger degree, B.

『Elro Gereish　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：８／８（Green）

ＭＰ：３／３（Blue）

ＳＰ：５／５（Yellow）

：５／５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：４

Average Defensive Ability：４

Average Magic Ability：３

Average Resistance Ability：３

Average Speed Ability：１

Skill

「Corrosion Attack LV5」「Corrosion Resistance LV5」』

Also known as snail insect.

The insect that moves slowly like the snail.

Countless of it inhabit in the Elro Great Labyrinth Lower Layer.

It's very weak, and easy to defeat.

However, if a person were to receive its attack carelessly or eat it carelessly, then that person will receive a powerful corrosion attributed damage.

Therefore, the monsters in the lower layer will never try to eat this monster unless it's a critical situation.

Danger degree, F.

『Elro Daznatch　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：７５０／７５０（Green）

ＭＰ：３００／３００（Blue）

ＳＰ：７１１／７１１（Yellow）

：７０４／７０４（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：６９３

Average Defensive Ability：６６８

Average Magic Ability：２７７

Average Resistance Ability：２７１

Average Speed Ability：６３３

Skill

「Poison Attack LV5」「Poison Synthesis LV5」「Shoot LV7」「Night Vision LV8」「Poison Resistance LV5」』

Also known as mysterious creature.

It's a fish that has limbs that's transform into a strange form. With just a glance, it's a mysterious creature.

Although it's main attack is poison, because it's hard to predict what it will do by its appearance, the pace is easy to be disarranged.

Danger degree, B.

『Elro Kohokoro　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：８０／８０（Green）

ＭＰ：１５／１５（Blue）

ＳＰ：６８／６８（Yellow）

：７１／７１（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：４４

Average Defensive Ability：８８

Average Magic Ability：１１

Average Resistance Ability：１１

Average Speed Ability：２１

Skill

「Poison Attack LV1」「Shell LV1」「Night Vision LV5」「Poison Resistance LV1」』

Also known as pill bug.

It's a monster that has the head of a mouse and the body of a pill bug.

Because there's a lot of legs, it's absolutely not an armadillo.

Never.

It demonstrates high defensive ability when it's curled up.

However, in the story, it has been made into the state that's impossible to talk about without mosaic by the spider.

Pitiful.

Danger degree, E.

Author note: Can you believe it? It's already 100 chapters, you know?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85.2: Side 13 Saint and Sword Empreror
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some novel pages moved for better user experience. Could be affected by this situation.

Please use the search function for the content you want to access or go to home page and start exploring the novels.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some novel pages moved for better user experience. Could be affected by this situation.

Please use the search function for the content you want to access or go to home page and start exploring the novels.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Some novel pages moved for better user experience. Could be affected by this situation.

Please use the search function for the content you want to access or go to home page and start exploring the novels.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sorry for the late release. Going to change the release schedule. Added the release schedule at the side of the blog.

Anyway, thanks for voting and the suggestion.

Due to the poll, Omnipotent is changed to Universal. If you think it's not suitable, feel free to suggest more but this time with the knowledge of the skill's effect.

88 Zoa Ere

Good morning.

Though I don't know whether it's morning or not.

I was able to wake up safely this time.

Thank god.

The evolution this time might have been the most dangerous one ever.

It's good that I didn't ascend to heaven when I realized it.

Eh?

Not heaven, but hell?

There's no way that I who's a girl of great rectitude will fall into the hell.

Hahhahha.

Well then, for the time being, I want to appraise my status as usual, but first of all, I must confirm the safety here.

It doesn't seems that the eel shelter had any changes, but it's possible that I'm surrounded by monsters.

Then, let's peep the outside quietly.

Un.

Nothing in particular.

Yosh yosh.

Then, while eating the eel, ah, I can't do that.

Similar to the snake's case, I need to peel its scales off first in order to eat it.

Shit.

Well, fine.

I don't feel hungry to the extent that I can't act, so is it because "Overeating" did its job?

Let's confirm my status while peeling the scales off.

『Zoa Ere　LV1　No name

Status

ＨＰ：１９５／１９５（Green）

ＭＰ：１／２９１（Blue）

ＳＰ：１９５／１９５（Yellow）

：１９５／１９５（Red）＋４３

Average Offensive Ability：２５１

Average Defensive Ability：２５１

Average Magic Ability：２４５

Average Resistance Ability：２８０

Average Speed Ability：１２７２

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV6」「MP Recovery Speed LV4」「MP Consumption Down LV3」「SP Recovery Speed LV3」「SP Consumption Down LV3」「Enhanced Destruction LV2」「Enhanced Slashing LV2」「Enhanced Poison LV4」「Fighting Spirit LV2」「Vitality Granting LV2」「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」「Corrosion Attack LV1」「Poison Synthesis LV8」「Thread Talent LV3」「Universal Thread LV1」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV7」「3D-Maneuver LV5」「Concentration LV10」「Thought Acceleration LV3」「Foresight LV3」「Parallel Thought LV5」「Calculation Processing LV7」「Accuracy LV8」「Evasion LV7」「Appraisal LV9」「Detection LV6」「Stealth LV7」「Silent LV1」「Hell」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV3」「Poison Magic LV3」「Abyss Magic LV10」「Pride」「Overeating LV8」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Destruction Resistance LV2」「Blow Resistance LV2」「Slash Resistance LV3」「Fire Resistance LV2」「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」「Paralysis Resistance LV4」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV3」「Fear Resistance LV7」「Heresy Resistance LV3」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV7」「Enhanced Vision LV9」「Enhanced Hearing LV8」「Enhanced Smell LV7」「Enhanced Taste LV7」「Enhanced Touch LV7」「Life LV9」「Magic Amount LV8」「Agility LV9」「Endurance LV9」「Herculean Strength LV4」「Solid LV4」「Protection LV4」「Idaten LV3」「Taboo LV5」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：５００

Title

「Gross Feeder」「Blood Relative Eater」「Assassin」「Monster Killer」「Poison Technique User」「Thread User」「Merciless」「Monster Slaughterer」「Ruler of Pride」』

Ha?

Hmm?

Wait wait.

See it once again properly.

My eyes might have rotted.

I look at the numerical value of my status properly.

Ha?

Hae!? (　はえっ！？)

E-Eeeeeeehhhh!?

Wha, e-eeh?

It increased greatly.

It increased greatly!?

This, seriously?

Did it really increased this much?

Oh.

The combat ability is high was really true....

Hey, is this really okay?

Is it okay for me to be this strong?

I will get carried away if I become this strong, you know?

Is it okay?

It's okay, right?

.... Fu, fufufu.

My heyday is here!

The poor numerical value of my status up until now was settled instantly!

Although it's low when it's compared with the eel, I have become strong to the extent that I won't die with just a poke from a small fry!

Up until now, my state was "Receive attack = Death".

But, with this, I have finally attain a pretty good status!

Ku, kukuku.

Kuhehehehehe.

Skill level also rose considerably.

Good good.

What, "Taboo" rose!?

Oi!?

Level 5!?

That means, another half to max!?

This, if my expectation is correct, I think that something might happen when it becomes level 10.

Crap.

Well, there's still half.

It's still safe, it should be.

Next, there are new skills added.

"Corrosion Attack", seriously?

Corrosion is that corrosion, right?

When I appraise it, it was that corrosion that's more dangerous than my expectations, right?

Can I use that?.

I'm so amazing.

The another new skill is "Silent".

Although I can expect its effect somehow, let's appraise it just in case.

『Silent：Generation of sound is suppressed』

Un.

As expected.

I did it!

My ninja level increased!

My ambush can only be used once from now on, I wonder?

And, I'm very interested in a skill.

"Spider Thread" and "Severing Thread" disappeared, and the "Universal Thread" skill is newly added.

Perhaps, it's the "Spider Thread" evolution, but where did "Severing Thread" go?

『Universal Thread：Customizable thread is created. Customize field：Viscosity, Elasticity, Resilience, Texture, Strength, Size, Attribute Endowment 「Slash」「Blow」「Shock」 etc, Resistance Endowment』

The attribute endowment is added in it.

Apparently, "Slash" has the same effect as "Severing Thread", "Blow" is blow attribute, and "Shock" is shock attribute can be endowed to my thread.

"Blow" is like striking.

The "Shock" seems to make my thread to generate shock wave for a moment.

If someone touches the thread in that state, the person will receive damage from the shock.

This will be extremely useful if it's not the middle layer!

Kuu, I want to get out from the middle layer and use it!

When I was confirming my status, the scale peeling finished.

Yosh, then, let's taste the eel.

Itadakimasu.

... Delicious.

A different flavor from the catfish.

I'll say it again.

Delicious.

My SP was not exhausted in this evolution.

My stockpile of "Overeating" decreased completely instead.

It's the evidence that "Overeating" did a good job.

If that's the case, then I don't need to save up food at each evolution because I can just stockpile it in "Overeating".

Therefore, I will eat a lot, and increase my stockpile.

If I count backwards from the previous numerical value, it's possible to stockpile up to about skill level×100, so it's possible to stockpile up to about 800 now.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Overeating LV8』 has become 『Overeating LV9』》

Level up came as soon as I said it.

With this, the amount that can be stockpiled has increased even more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

89 Changes due to evolution

Speaking of what changed in my status, my skill points increased extremely.

Even though it should increase by 20 per level, it increased by 280 from the last time I saw it.

Assuming that 60 are from 3 level ups, where did the remaining 220 come from?

Is there a bonus when evolving?

Then, I'm convinced that the calculation of the skill points doesn't match.

Well, if you give, then I will take it.

There are 500, so good skills might be found.

Let's look at the acquirable skill list carefully later.

There's something that caught my eyes now.

Although I noticed it since the time when I'm peeling the eel's scale off, my body shape has somewhat changed.

My two forefeet that were sharp claws became the shape of thin sickles.

Besides, this sickle is incredibly sharp.

The scale peeling that I had a hard time during the snake's case, ended in a short time.

Although I can't cut the scales, I can cut quickly between the scale and the skin.

Is it because of my offensive ability that rose? Or, is it because this sickle is sharp?

In addition, my body color blackened.

Although I was blackish, I'm completely black now.

The black that doesn't reflect light at all.

It's black, pitch black!

Although it's impossible to confirm my whole body because there's no mirror, I think that these are the great changes.

I don't feel that there's any changes in my size.

But, perhaps, I'm not conscious of it that many small parts changed.

Up until now, I was the Taratect species, so my appearance didn't change even though I evolved.

But, my species changed in this evolution.

If I compare it, I think that there are surely some differences in some parts.

It's inconvenient that there's no mirror at such time.

I can't even confirm my appearance.

Well, at present, there's no uncomfortable feeling when moving.

It doesn't seems that my overall parts have changed, so it seems that I can move the same as always.

Before I evolve, I have never thought about body changes.

I felt relieved because I didn't changed much.

However, this sickle is different.

How should I say it? A sound seems to be heard if I take a stance.

I mean, this sickle, no matter how I think, it's imaged from the god of death(Shinigami).

The explanation stated that it's the symbol of sinister and it has "Corrosion Attack", so it should be like that.

Although it doesn't change that it's the ninja style, it seems to become the god of death style.

Let's confirm the skills that leveled up.

I'm happy that "Herculean Strength" and "Solid" rose.

With this, the growth correction increases again.

Although my status has strengthened considerably, still, it's fairly low if the opponent is like the eel.

The others, "Poison Synthesis", "Poison Magic and "Shadow Magic" also leveled up.

Because magic can't be used, I leave it, so let's examine "Poison Synthesis" to see what's added in it.

『Attribute Endowment「Paralysis」：Paralysis attribute is added』

What?

Th-Th-This!?

I-I might have obtained an outrageous thing!?

"Poison Synthesis" that played an active part in the middle layer has evolved further!

Uwa.

I must try this immediately.

Thus, I try to add paralysis attribute to the Deadly Spider Poison.

Let's try how effective it is at the next chance without rushing.

Ah, but, most opponents will die immediately if it's the Deadly Spider Poison.

Here, I should add paralysis attribute to Weak Poison, un, OK.

Let's strike this Weak Poison added with paralysis attribute to my next opponent.

Ah, I'm looking forward to it.

Ah, let's appraise the newly added one in "Shadow Magic" and "Poison Magic" just in case.

『Poison Resist：Boosts the poison resistance temporarily』

Hmm.

A magic that boost my poison resistance.

It's unnecessary for me.

I mean, a person who uses poison, won't most of them have high "Poison Resistance"?

Isn't this magic not needed?

Either way, I can't use it.

Ah, wait.

This, is this something that's used on comrades?

If a person use this magic on all comrades when the opponent is a poison user, then it should make the fight advantageous.

Ah.

Because I was a loner, I never thought of such thing.

If that's the case, then it's a magic that can be used normally.

I mean, this magic becomes a trump card according to the opponent.

I see.

Well, either way, it's unrelated to me!

Huh?

But, wait for a moment.

Is it really impossible for me to use magic?

The level of "Parallel Thought" and "Calculation Processing" rose considerably.

Isn't it that I can use "Detection" any time now?

....

Let's try it after a long time.

Suu, haa.

Yosh!

"Detection", on!

Guha!

Ngugugugu!

Ku!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV7』 has become 『Calculation Processing LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV5』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV6』 has become 『Detection LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Resistance LV3』 has become 『Heresy Resistance LV4』》

Off!

Fuu.

It was hard.

But, I can endure it better than last time.

Because enduring is the best I can do, I have advanced forward.

That means, I'm not going the wrong way.

Although it's still far from mastering it, a little hope comes into view.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

90 Patience

I'm exploring aimlessly in the middle layer.

My stomach became full after eating the eel, so it doesn't seems that I need to worry about collapsing because of hunger.

It doesn't seems that I need to hunt assertively at this rate, so I will advance at leisure.

My mood is also good, so I can forgive the heat of the middle layer now.

Ah, as expected, this heat is too much.

There are no monsters in the surroundings, so let's confirm my skill points.

My skill points increased to 500 points in this evolution, so I might find a good skill.

All of the skills except "Detection" are big hits, so it would be good to acquire a good skill in this flow.

"Pride" is somewhat vague and the only disadvantage is that the level of "Taboo" rose at present.

It doesn't seems that I can do something about "Taboo" immediately, and when thinking so, is it a substantial disadvantage?

When thinking about the absurdly high effect, the advantage exceeds the disadvantage as revenue and expenditure.

It's a mystery that this skill can be acquired with just 100 skill points.

Just by seeing its effect, I can understand even if it needs 1000 points.

Although finding non-standard skills like "Pride" might be aiming too high, let's acquire skills that seem to be good.

It's no use to collect too many points.

Such thing have value when it's used.

Saving up from here even more to acquire the higher skills seems to be bad in efficiency.

Thus, Appraisal-sama, please do it!

Double appraise the skill point.

I looked at the list that appeared.

Un.

When seeing like this, there are still a lot of skills that can be acquired with 100 points.

Although most of them are useless, let's raise the skill proficiency thoroughly if I'm free next time.

But, it's better to raise skill proficiency of the more useful skill if I have such time.

Ah, but, there might be a skill that becomes useful after it evolves like "Prediction".

Un.

I'm hesitating.

Now's not the time for that. I need to see the skills that can be acquired with more than 200 points.

Un.

As expected, there's no skill of the "Pride" class.

I did somewhat expect a little for it.

Well, of course I will.

I thought I was going to said that.

It's there.

Broken skill.

『Patience（５００）：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. Own divinity area is expanded.

As long as you have MP, no matter what kind of damage is received, you will survive with HP 1. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

There's a mysterious skill fully loaded of mysterious language again....

And, there's a ability like a joke.

This activates when I receive damage by consuming MP?

I don't know how's the MP consumption, but does it means that I can do a zombie attack as long as I still have MP?

I don't understand.

What's with that nasty ability.

This time, I don't hesitate.

With a click.

《Currently you have 500 skill points.

The skill 『Patience』 can be acquired by spending 500 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

Yes.

《『Patience』 was acquired. Remaining skill point 0》

I, who have acquired "Pride" don't have the word "retreat" in me any longer!

I will acquire all of these skills!

Be it "Taboo" or whatever it is, come at me!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV5』 has become 『Taboo LV7』》

I'm sorry.

After all, it's better if you don't come.

《Conditions met. Title 『Ruler of Patience』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ruler of Patience』, skill 『Heresy Nullity』『Conviction』 was acquired》

《『Heresy Resistance LV4』 has unified with 『Heresy Nullity』》

Ah, as expected, "Taboo" rose.

This time is also 2.

Well, it can't be helped.

Apart from that, the important one is the title.

I can't stay like this!

Let's confirm the title immediately!

『Ruler of Patience：Acquisition skill 「Heresy Nullity」「Conviction」：Acquisition condition：Acquisition of 「Patience」：Effect：Every ability of defense and resistance rise. Opening of evil eye-type skill. A＋correction whenever resistance-type skill proficiency gained. The Ruler class privilege is acquired：Explanation：The title presented to those who rule patience』

Ah.

It's just as expected.

As expected, it's a cheat class title.

My defense and resistance increased!

Both increased by 100, my defense rose to 351 and my resistance rose to 380.

Really, what's this?

Isn't it a little too cheat?

It's also great that the skill proficiency of the resistance-type skills becomes easier to raise.

Because I'm specialized in "Evasion", I don't receive attacks easily, so my resistance-type skill don't rise much.

It compensates my weak place, so it's considerably good.

And, I'm bothered by the opening of the evil eye-type skill.

I want this.

If I acquire something of the evil eye, I can say something like 「Ku, my right eye throbs!」 or 「This is what it means to kill something」. (TL note: The second one is Tohno Shiki's quote)

It's really the word that titillates the chuunibyou.

I want to acquire it, but I don't have skill points anymore!

Ah, I must quickly level up and save up my skill points.

There are also the newly added skills, "Heresy Nullity" and "Conviction".

"Heresy Nullity" seems to be the highest rank of "Heresy Resistance".l

"Heresy Resistance" has the effect that increases defensive ability against attack that violates the soul directly, while "Heresy Nullity" completely nullifies that.

With this, even if an enemy who uses "Heresy Magic" attacks me, I don't have to worry.

『Conviction：Deal damage that can't be resisted proportional to the cumulative total value of crimes against those who accumulate crimes within the system in the soul』

Wow.

In other words, it's an attack that the damage becomes higher if the opponent commit more crimes.

It's scary that it says can't be resisted.

But, this has the same sense as "Hell".

It doesn't seems that I can use it.

Although I tried it, just as I thought, it can't be used.

Although it might be a misfire because there's no target, there's a conviction that it can't be used.

Well, even if "Conviction" can't be used, it's still an outrageous advantage.

Although "Taboo" rose, I have no choice but to let nature take its course.

As long as I won't die suddenly when "Taboo" reaches level 10, I will accept that disadvantage.

Nevertheless, my status increase a lot and my skills improved.

Aren't I the strongest?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

91 Detection-san, you were a formidable enemy

Ah, now that "Heresy Resistance" became "Heresy Nullity", won't the headache by "Detection" disappear?

That's a heresy attribute attack, right?

Although I say that it's an attack, it's fine, right?

The pain that can even penetrate that "Pain Alleviation" skill shouldn't be an ordinary headache.

If the attack of the heresy attribute that's included in "Detection" is nullified, then won't the headache disappear?

You'll never know unless you try.

Suu, haa.

Yosh!

"Detection", on!

... Waa.

It's unbelievable.

It's seriously unbelievable.

Although I didn't have the time for it because I have to endure the headache, it's such an amazing thing when there's no headache.

There was no headache even though "Detection" is activated.

No, to be exact, there's a little, but it's a level that can be ignored thanks to "Pain Alleviation".

This headache is surely something like the teething fever when the brain is used too much.

The volume of information that "Detection" brought was enormous to that extent.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV8』 has become 『Calculation Processing LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV6』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV7』 has become 『Detection LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Divinity Area Expansion LV1』》

It looks like my skill increased, but confirmations can be done later.

I want to be immersed in this impression now.

I'm also happy that "Detection" succeeded.

But, I was overwhelmed by the thing that "Detection" brought.

The space that I can recognize, all of that information seemed to have gathered.

The flow of magical power, the state of material, the flow of air, various information flows into my head.

Even the almighty feeling seem to spring out.

Everything in the surroundings can be understood.

The information that can't be understood usually became possible to understand to some extent using the skill's power.

Even that 'to some extent' is like catching a glimpse of the universe's truth. It was such an overwhelming sea of information.

Even this tiny space that I recognize is this.

The wideness and greatness of the world are understood well once again.

Crap, I'm going to cry even though the meaning is not understood.

Though I don't know whether tears fall from the spider's eyes or not.

Let's stop "Detection" for a moment.

Fuu.

It was amazing.

I wonder what is this impression that can't be understood.

If I were to compare it, then it's like being impressed by looking at the wonderful starry sky.

It's the feeling close to it.

Ah, although I want to be immersed in the impression a little more, let's switch feelings.

"Detection" succeeded.

If that's the case, then should I activate "Detection" continuously from now on?

Hmm.

However, it might be inconvenient because it's too efficient..

Because I will understand too much, my mind will get distracted, so it might become impossible to concentrate in combat.

However, will it be okay if I get used to it?

Although activating it is the best I can do now, I got used to Appraisal-sama now even though I feel sick when using Appraisal-sama in the beginning, so I think that I will get used to it eventually if I activate it constantly.

It might be a little dangerous in the beginning, but let's activate "Detection" continuously.

The level of other skills also will rise, so this should be better for the future.

Thus, "Detection", on again.

Fuwaa.

Really incredible.

Now's not the time to be impressed.

Let's confirm the newly acquired skill.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV7』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Divinity Area Expansion LV1』 has become 『Divinity Area Expansion LV2』》

The skill level of the above-mentioned skill rose when I thought about it.

What's this skill, I wonder?

Come to think of it, this 'divinity area' is also in the explanation of "Patience".

It certainly said that it 'is expanded' in "Patience", right?

This also expand?

That means, my divinity area is expanding greatly?

At any rate, let's appraise it.

『Divinity Area Expansion：Divinity area is expanded』

Just as the explanation.

Well, it's fine.

The reliable one here is Appraisal-sama!

Now, double appraise!

『Divinity Area：The deep area of soul that the life possess. The root of all lives, and it's also your own final dependence area』

Hmm?

I don't understand.

Well, I somehow understand the important part of the soul, but is there anything in there when it's expanded?

Hmm.

After all, its effect is unknown.

Although it's good that my skill increased, there's no subjective symptom.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV9』 has become 『Calculation Processing LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Calculation Processing LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『High-speed Calculation LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV8』 has become 『Detection LV9』》

The skill level rises quick as usual!?

"Calculation Processing" has reached max level.

Evolves into "High-speed Calculation".

This is completely the higher rank skill.

Well, the ability that I want from "Detection" was originally enemy searching.

But, because my enemy searching ability is high, I manage to live until now even without "Detection".

And now, it's coupled with "Detection". I can't help saying that I became perfect.

You could say that surprise attack is already impossible against me!

I won't allow an ambush!

The next that I want from it is "Magic Perception".

If my expectation is correct, I can use magic when this join together with "Magic Manipulation".

With this, I can use the "Abyss Magic" and "Heresy Magic" that have been hoarded until now!

But, skill points!

Damn it!

Although I don't regret acquiring "Patience", it's painful that there's no skill point.

I mean, I thought that I can use my next skill points for the evil eye!

What to do?

I want to acquire both!

Kuaa!

Although I know that it's a luxurious worry, which one should I pick!?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

92 Once again, I have cut a worthless object

Oh, monsters.

In my view, two seahorses swim happily in the magma.

However, although there are two in my view, Detection-san says that there's a catfish in the magma.

The catfish is swimming calmly in the magma, and it doesn't attacks the seahorses.

Fumu.

It might be the monster of the same evolution line, so it's not weird that they are together.

Two seahorses and one catfish.

If it's before evolving, I will hesitate for a moment, but now that I have evolved, I want to measure how high is my ability in a combat.

Besides, the me who defeated the eel before evolving, I can only say that the eel's degenerated forms are all small fries now.

I don't feel that I can lose.

Fuhehe.

Therefore, let's make them as the guinea pigs to test my body and the ability of my new skills.

For the time being, preemptive attack.

The usual stone throwing.

This time, it's fine without poison.

I want to see how much the damage increase by pure stone throwing.

It decreases the HP about 5 or 6 previously, so will it decrease by 10 now?

Thus, Konna hazu wa! ( コンナハズハー！)

... Is there anyone who knows about this material, I wonder?

Clos-, hit, it hits?

Somehow there's a terrible sound and the stone got smashed.

It went *smash*, you know?

Smash.

Although the seahorse sinks into the magma because of the impact, did it died?

Ah, it floated back up.

Uo!?

Its HP decrease about one third.

Seriously?

Ah, a fireball is coming.

Slow!?

Eh, this, seriously?

Seriously straight?

Not a curve or a slider?

It's too slow to compare with the eel.

If it's like this, I can avoid it even if I hummed.

No, I can't hum.

Seriously?

I'm surprised at my growth that's more than expected.

What should I do?

If it's like this, I can even win by just throwing stones.

But, if I let them die in the magma, I can't recover their corpse.

Although there's composure in my stamina because of "Overeating", if possible, I want to increase the stockpile.

Ah, the catfish has rose to the surface.

Hmm?

Will it assist the seahorses as it is?

They are on the same evolution line after all, so it's aware that they are comrades.

The seahorse is also the same. Although they usually move individually, when there's a comrade nearby, they will cooperate.

I mean, worst case, the eel will also unite with these guys.

I don't want that to happen.

I avoid the catfish's fireball.

Un.

Slow.

It's somewhat faster and bigger if it's compared with the seahorse.

But, the difference is obvious if compared with the eel.

I avoid while thinking trivial things like comrade, etc.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Thought LV8』 has become 『Parallel Thought LV9』》

Ah.

The trivial thing that I thought while fighting.

For the time being, let's keep avoiding until their MP are exhausted.

Although it's possible to sink them by throwing stones, I want to recover their corpse.

For that reason, I will kill it after they come up to the land.

Ah, although the seahorses seem to die if I attack it carelessly, is it okay if it's the catfish?

To be frank, three fireballs fired at the same time can't even grazed me.

I'm also free because I only avoid, so throwing stone is better because "Throw" and "Accuracy" can rise.

Thus, once again, Konna hazu wa!

It hits.

Un.

As expected from the catfish.

Its HP hardly decreases.

Its defensive ability is high.

If it's only physical defense, it equals to me.

Wait.

When thinking so, my defensive ability has become higher than the catfish.

When I think back again, it's incredible!

This weak looking spider body surpass the catfish body that's fully loaded with hard scales.

It's the mystery of this world.

When I was thinking about something useless, one of the seahorses' MP is exhausted.

The fool who goes up to the land slowly as it is.

If your attacks are avoided this much, you should have understand the difference in our ability.

Ah, wait for a moment.

I just realized something bad now.

The catfish, it will escape when it has no chance to win, right?

That absolutely can't be allowed.

Although it will end 「Oh, well」 even if the seahorse escape, catfish, you can't.

I won't let you escape.

Absolutely absolute.

Hey, you.

Why are you showing a frightened face?

It's not scary, it's not scary, you know?

So, come up to land quickly.

Don't worry, it's safe.

It's not scary.

Wait!

Don't escape, you fool!

You're a hindrance, seahorse!

I swing the sickle of my foreleg towards the seahorse that stands in the way.

The seahorse's body was cut into two.

Ha?

Eeeeeh?

Did I do this?

My sickle is amazing.

Ah, perhaps, is this the first monster that I killed directly with my hands?

Up until now, I have only kill by poison.

The monkeys did died from falling and crushing, but this is the first time I kill directly.

It happened to quick until I didn't felt anything for the first time.

Or rather, CATFISH!

A-Aah...

It escaped.

My catfish....

Today's delicious meal....

The other seahorse has crawled up from the magma.

Let's vent this anger at this guy.

First of all, let's try the Weak Poison that has paralysis added to it.

Thus, I moved next to the seahorse that's preparing a ramming attack.

I use "Poison Synthesis" without questions on the guy who's looking blankly.

Oh?

Oh!

It's becoming numb.

So, this is paralysis.

And its HP decrease by a fair amount.

Almost the same damage as stone throwing.

Why?

Ah, Weak Poison is also a poison, so there's damage.

No, but I should have lowered the Weak Poison's damage in order to confirm the paralysis effect.

Why there's this much damage?

Does the amount of damage for poison also increases by status?

In that case, this much power in Weak Poison.

How about the Deadly Spider Poison that even killed the eel?

... It's frightening just by thinking about it.

My combat ability has improved more than I think.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

93 The thing that extends over the layer

Caatfiishh.

Where did you go?

Come out.

When I was wandering with such feelings, I found a certain thing.

No, rather than I found it, it was there.

I mean, it would be weird to not found this thing because it stands out.

The thing there was a huge hole.

The pit where I fall from the upper layer into the lower layer before.

It's a pit even more bigger than that.

It connects the above and below.

Yes, this hole connects up.

I think that if I climb this hole up, I will reach the upper layer, and if I fall, I will reach the lower layer.

Although I think about that, I will ignore this hole.

Ah, I'm not saying it as a joke.

It's indeed regrettable when my sense is doubted by saying such boring joke.

Such thing is trivial, and this hole, my Detection-san is telling me the dangers.

Yes, that's why.

The moment the hole come into sight, it tells me.

"Ah, this guy is not good", the guy that can be understood immediately.

Thus, in order to not approach the hole, I took a detour and I'm advancing ahead now..

That's not good.

It's a flag that if I approach it I will definitely get hurt.

This came just when I thought that I'm STRONG after evolving.

That's right.

Up until now, nothing good happened when I get carried away.

Decent thing never happened when I get carried away.

I recalled that.

Being modest is the best.

Therefore, I will evade the flag with all my power.

Yes.

I won't approach it.

I certainly won't approach it.

I don't know the ostrich's law.

I'm not a comedian.

I go away from the hole while thinking about such thing.

And, at the place where the hole can barely be seen, Detection-san perceived the maximum danger.

I hide myself in the shadow of the rock reflexively.

Peeping ahead, from the top of the hole, that came.

It can be seen clearly even though I'm far, a huge body.

Jet black body.

Eight red eyes shines strangely there.

Eight feet walk on the vertical wall.

The tip of the foot that gives the impression of a person's finger, five long and sharp claws.

The jaw that seems to swallow everything.

The thing there is a monster.

Different from those failures everywhere, the real thing called as devil.

There's no way a small mob is suitable to be its opponent.

The difference of overwhelming power that's similar as what felt in the Earth Dragon.

I regret that Appraisal-sama is outside of the range.

Surely, it must have the status that can make me laugh.

Hey, isn't that right?

My Mother.

It's the second time that I meet the super-huge spider.

Such non-standard existence, there's no way it's crawling around like that.

If it's like that, I will die easily.

That is surely the mother that I saw immediately after I was born.

Mother who's going downwards at a slow movement.

That movement is majestic, like its behaving like the king in this labyrinth.

Actually, I don't think there's a monster that can stop mother's march.

With my ability, I can't say anything because I don't know the upper limit, but I think that even the Earth Dragon can't win against Mother.

Although I want to appraise Mother's ability, it's a suicidal action to approach that.

Curiosity killed the cat.

Because I'm a spider, I won't be killed.

However, I thought that Mother was too strong to be in the upper layer, but it moves between layers using the pit like that.

So, it came to the upper layer like visiting by chance.

It originally inhabits either in the lower layer or the bottom layer.

Even the powerful monsters in the lower layer doesn't seem to be able to fight against Mother.

Thank god that I never approach the hole aiming for laughs.

That's not an area where I can win or not.

It's the same as the Earth Dragon where death at the moment I'm marked.

Such thing is like a disaster if I move.

And, Mother's movement stops abruptly.

It stops for some reasons, and it's looking at a certain direction.

And, the huge fangs turn towards that direction slowly.

The next moment, the world shook.

It's not that feeling of impact but the world really shook.

The labyrinth itself seemed to screamed because of the shock.

If I were to express it in sound effects, then *chudoon*, *guragura*.

What kind of attack was it?, because it's beyond my understanding, I don't know it well.

But, in front of my eyes, the place where there should be a spring of the magma, a crater of the size exceeding the scale of the spring was newly born.

I lost the way to know about what was there eternally.

Have I entered Mother's view? Or, did I do anything that hurt its feelings?

Such unfortunate monsters, even dust doesn't remained anymore now.

Magma flows anew into the completed crater.

Surely, a spring bigger than the former spring will be completed in the future.

Thank god that the attack didn't turned to me.

If it's that, I might die without even realizing that I died.

I suppress my presence desperately so that Mother won't notice me.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Stealth LV7』 has become 『Stealth LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Silent LV1』 has become 『Silent LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV7』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV8』》

And, Mother disappeared slowly to the bottom.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

94 The top needs the top, so let's aim at more top

Nai wa.

Mother, that's, nai wa.

Is there a monster that can win against that?

If that can be defeated, that person can be called as a hero unconditionally.

No.

The top needs the top.

Though it's too high to the extent that there's no way.

This Mother encounter must have been the thoughts of the heaven.

I shouldn't get carried away, right? Hai.

Actually, whether the Earth Dragon or the Mother, I don't think that I stand a chance against them at all with the current me.

It's the level that death flag rises when meeting it.

It can be said that it's difficult to even escape before fighting.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Detection LV9』 has become 『Detection LV10』》

Eh?

Seriously?

Detection-san reached max level?

Huh?

But, it doesn't have additional skill or evolution.

Eeeh.

Isn't that a little unreasonable?

I was made to have a hard time by Detection-san.

Certainly, the return is huge, but if I were to say my desire, I want more.

Even if it's impossible to defeat that Mother, I want to at least become stronger to the extent that I can escape.

Really, nothing?

《Za,......Zaa,...》

Hmm?

What's that just now?

... Is it an imagination?

Well, there's no help for it even if I ask for the moon.

But, becoming stronger is the simplest and understandable solution.

If I become stronger without being self-conceited from now on, it might be possible to escape from non-standards like that.

Now that it's decided, let's put efforts to become stronger.

First of all, level up.

Let's hunt monsters assertively from now on.

Two seahorses was hunted after I evolve.

Because there's an increase in the experience points by the effect of "Pride", from my experience, my level should rise soon.

When level is reset after evolving, the necessary experience points for the next level will also reset to some extent.

The level up after evolving is faster than before.

Although it's faster, it's slower if I compare it with the time when I was level 1 before evolution.

Therefore, I consider that the necessary experience points is reset to some extent, but it doesn't reset completely.

From my experience so far, the next level up will probably be when I defeat the next monster.

Rather, it's not strange that I will even level up when the second seahorse was defeated.

If I defeat a monster of the catfish class, my level might rise more than two at once.

For the time being, level up is only after I found a monster.

Next is skill.

Skill level raising was something that I have been doing while moving.

Appraisal-sama, aye. "Detection", aye. "Foresight" and "Thought Acceleration" are also the same.

Although "Detection" reached the max level, there's a lot of skills that I can raise.

Let's keep "Detection" activated while moving until all of my skills reach max level.

Parallel with it, let's start the level raising of the skills that seem to be able to raise while moving.

The safest one would be the enhanced five senses skills.

It will rise if I strain my eyes while moving and sniff while walking.

There are also skills that almost reach max level, so let's start from there.

And, one more.

I don't want to do this while moving, but I want stop somewhere and take time to do it.

It's the practice of "Magic Manipulation".

Come to think of it, skills can be acquired when the skill proficiency is accumulated even if I don't use skill points.

Then, I think that skill points should be used on the evil eye because I don't know how to accumulate its skill proficiency, and I will acquire "Magic Perception" somehow by myself.

Thanks to Detection-san, "Magic Perception" can be used without a problem.

If I concentrate my consciousness there, then I can grasp the flow of the magical power.

If I can somehow manipulate it or if I put some efforts to manipulate it, I should be able to accumulate its skill proficiency.

When the skill is acquired, it's the time to practice my heart's desired magic.

However, I can't forget about my aim that's to escape from this middle layer and return to the upper layer.

The skill level raising and level raising will only be done in the process.

Therefore, there's no need to stop specially to do it.

This is only if it can be done while moving.

This middle layer is only a place to pass through not a place to set up my residence.

I must not forget that.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV3』 has become 『Thought Acceleration LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Foresight LV3』 has become 『Foresight LV4』》

Yosh yosh.

Thanks to the "Ruler of Pride" title, mind-type skills rise faster.

Let's raise the level steadily like this.

Similarly, thanks to the "Ruler of Patience", the rise of the resistance-type skills should improve, but these skills can't rise while advancing.

"Deadly Poison Resistance" and "Paralysis Resistance" can be raised by hurting myself with "Poison Synthesis", while "Slash Resistance", "Blow Resistance", "Destruction Resistance", "Corrosion Resistance" and probably "Shock Resistance" can be raised by hurting myself with "Universal Thread", but that can only be done after I set up my residence.

It can't be done in this middle layer where I can't take enough rest, and my recovery is slow.

Although I really want to raise the status strengthening skills quick if possible, I want to raise it slowly after setting up my residence.

Although it's better if it rises in combat, if it can't be raise in combat, then I have to do muscle training.

If I have such time and stamina, I should advance even a little.

For the time being, let's raise the five senses skills that can be raised while moving.

Especially "Enhanced Vision" that's now level 9 and soon going to reach max level, so let's give priority on it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

95 Higher rank species

A little while after I'm determined to become stronger, I found the next prey at last.

『Elro Debegiad　LV4

Status

ＨＰ：１０３／１０３（Green）

ＭＰ：４１／４１（Blue）

ＳＰ：７６／７６（Yellow）

：６９／６９（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５６

Average Defensive Ability：４８

Average Magic Ability：２１

Average Resistance Ability：１８

Average Speed Ability：４１

Skill

「Swim LV2」「Heat Nullity」』

It's a monster of a strange appearance like a round globe with four feet.

Although I call it as the round insect, to be frank, this guy is weaker than the seahorse.

However, there's a troublesome thing about this guy that's this guy will escape to the magma immediately when it senses danger.

Therefore, it's necessary to kill it quickly while it's on the land.

It's on the land now, so either one-hit kill, or paralyze it using poison with paralysis attribute.

Let's use the Deadly Spider Poison that satisfy both conditions.

I spring out from the shadow of the rock, and approach it quickly.

I activate my "Poison Synthesis" before it senses my existence.

Although I don't know where's the mouth of the round insect, I will just pour it for now.

The round insect's HP became 0 immediately.

Already!?

Weak!?

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV1 has become LV2》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Slashing LV2』 has become 『Enhanced Slashing LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『SP Consumption Down LV3』 has become 『SP Consumption Down LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

Oh, well, level up as planned, no problem, no problem.

Though I'm surprise that it's too weak.

Let's pull myself together and confirm my status.

『Zoa Ere　LV2　No name

Status

ＨＰ：２１５／２１５（Green）（２０ｕｐ）

ＭＰ：３１１／３１１（Blue）（２０ｕｐ）

ＳＰ：２１５／２１５（Yellow）（２０ｕｐ）

：２１５／２１５（Red）＋３９９（２０ｕｐ）

Average Offensive Ability：２６９（１８ｕｐ）

Average Defensive Ability：３６９（１８ｕｐ）

Average Magic Ability：２５５（１０ｕｐ）

Average Resistance Ability：３９０（１０ｕｐ）

Average Speed Ability：１３４２（７０ｕｐ）

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV6」「MP Recovery Speed LV4」「MP Consumption Down LV3」「SP Recovery Speed LV3」「SP Consumption Down LV4」「Enhanced Destruction LV2」「Enhanced Slashing LV3」「Enhanced Poison LV4」「Fighting Spirit LV2」「Vitality Granting LV2」「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」「Corrosion Attack LV1」「Poison Synthesis LV8」「Thread Talent LV3」「Universal Thread LV1」「Thread Manipulation LV8」「Throw LV7」「3D-Maneuver LV5」「Concentration LV10」「Thought Acceleration LV4」「Foresight LV4」「Parallel Thought LV9」「High-speed Calculation LV1」「Accuracy LV8」「Evasion LV7」「Appraisal LV9」「Detection LV10」「Stealth LV8」「Silent LV2」「Conviction」「Hell」「Heresy Magic LV3」「Shadow Magic LV3」「Poison Magic LV3」「Abyss Magic LV10」「Patience」「Pride」「Overeating LV9」「Night Vision LV10」「Visible Range Expansion LV2」「Destruction Resistance LV2」「Blow Resistance LV2」「Slash Resistance LV3」「Fire Resistance LV2」「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」「Paralysis Resistance LV4」「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV3」「Fear Resistance LV8」「Heresy Nullity」「Pain Nullity」「Pain Alleviation LV7」「Enhanced Vision LV9」「Enhanced Hearing LV8」「Enhanced Smell LV7」「Enhanced Taste LV7」「Enhanced Touch LV7」「Divinity Area Expansion LV2」「Life LV9」「Magic Amount LV8」「Agility LV9」「Endurance LV9」「Herculean Strength LV4」「Solid LV4」「Protection LV4」「Idaten LV3」「Taboo LV7」「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：５０

Title

「Gross Feeder」「Blood Relative Eater」「Assassin」「Monster Killer」「Poison Technique User」「Thread User」「Merciless」「Monster Slaughterer」「Ruler of Pride」「Ruler of Patience」』

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Huh?

Somehow, didn't the status increased considerably?

Up until now, I think that my status only increase by 1 each without "Pride" and growth corrections.

It increases more now, right?

Does this means that the growth value changed because I evolve?

O-Ooh!

As expected from the species that has high combat ability!

I never thought that growth value by level up will evolve!

Amazing.

This is really amazing.

Besides, there's also 50 skill points!

Before, it was only 20 points, so it's 2.5 times!

I might be able to acquire evil eye on the next level up!

Uha!

This is good.

Good.

If it's like this, it probably won't be necessary to practice "Magic Manipulation" specially.

Ah, but, there's no loss in trying to acquire it myself.

I don't know whether evil eye can be acquire at 100 points or not, so it's still early to count chickens before they're hatched.

Un, I must not be in high spirits.

When I say "Hyahha", most of the time, nothing good happens.

However, when I see my status again, it's considerably balance and it's unexpectedly stable.

Although it doesn't change that it's speed specialized, in addition to this, the defense and resistance rise by "Patience" makes my overall defense ability high.

Although attack looks lower than defense, the essential is the strength of the poison, so this is also high.

Attacks won't hit me easily because I'm evasion specialized, so even if it hits me, I'm tough.

Furthermore, I have "Poison Attack" that's a one-hit kill attack.

Huh?

When hearing it like this, aren't I the strongest?

No no.

I must not get carried away here.

I must go with a modest heart.

Author note: I wrote the increased numerical value of the status. How is it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

96 I think, therefore I am. I move, therefore I am. I am me and me, therefore it is me.

A little while passed after my level rose.

Although I concentrate my eyes with my strength and look at the things, the "Enhanced Vision" skill doesn't rise easily.

After all, when it becomes level 9, it will be hard to raise its level.

Though the other skills rose considerably!

First of all, "Silent" became level 3.

You've done it, Kumo-chan! Stealth nature increases!

Both "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight" rose to level 5.

You've done it, Kumo-chan! Evasion nature increases!

"Fire Resistance" also rose by 1, and finally became level 3.

Thanks to "Patience", the speed that I can acquire should increase, but still, it took a lot of time.

I wonder how weak am I to fire.

I mean, even if my species changed, I'm still vulnerable to fire.

Perhaps, the resistances other than fire also changed.

Because I can't try that part, I can't say anything about it.

Well, because my former defensive ability was weak, even if my resistances changed a little, I think that there's not much change.

But, my defensive ability increased from now on, so it might be better to know about my resistance.

There might be an attribute that I'm weak besides the fire.

Though I don't have the method to check it....

And, last is "Parallel Thought".

This became level 10 and evolved.

The name is "Parallel Will".(並列意思)

This is interesting.

As shown in the name, my will increases.

In "Parallel Thought", it was the feeling to think multiple things at the same time in the same will, this "Parallel Will" completely divides the will.

Like a pseudo split personality.

Although both are me, it's possible to think as another will respectively.

And in addition to that, it has the "Parallel Thought".

It's simply like my thinking ability doubled.

Very convenient.

The number of parallel wills might increase if its level rose.

However, only one of the will can move the body.

That's why, one side of me is in charge of my body, and the other side of me is in charge of the information arrangement of Appraisal-sama and Detection-san.

Thus, I'll leave it to you, Body in charge!

Leave it to me, Information in charge!

Like that, it's possible to do a one person conversation.

The information sharing is also perfect on both wills for me just in case.

This will has neither main nor sub.

Both are me.

I am me for the sake of me!

Un, I don't know what I'm saying.

Although I somehow become this, the self existence definition seems to be vague depending on the person.

Something like lose sight of oneself wondering which one is the true self.

It seems possible.

I mean, I who can master this normally might be special.

As expected, that won't be.

While Information in charge is thinking, the Body in charge defeated a monster.

Good Job, me.

But, I'm not to that extent.

Although I tried the newly added "Corrosion Attack" this time, this is not useable.

No, the offensive ability itself is an amazing thing.

Even though it's only a level 1, it's amazing.

It's too amazing.

After all, the monsters become dust at a hit, you know?

Isn't it strange?

Did corrosion had such meaning?

Isn't it something like rotting?

It goes beyond rotting and weathers.

The attribute controlling the decay of death is too dangerous.

It's already an overkill at level 1.

I wonder what will happen if its level rises.

And, there are two reasons why I said that it's not usable.

First of all, the corpse of the monster doesn't remain.

In other words, meal doesn't remain.

Using this to accumulate experience points is excellent, but it becomes impossible to achieve half of my monster hunting's reason.

That's unacceptable.

It's unacceptable in a double meaning.

And, the another one is a big problem.

I receive damage too.

I look at the sickle that's clad in "Corrosion Attack".

The blade of the sickle crumbled.

My HP also decreases.

This is a suicide attack!?

Therefore, the power is high, but the recoil is huge.

If it's a fierce battle where I need to use all my power, I will use it when there's an opportunity, but it would be better to not use in a battle against small fry.

Especially, while I'm in the middle layer where automatic recovery is becoming slower.

Ah, how much will this sickle recover?

Because it seems that I will level up soon, it will recover at that time, but in that case, I can't use my sickle in the next battle.

Well, even if I don't have my sickle, I have "Poison Synthesis", so there's no effect to me as long as the next enemy is not a formidable enemy like the eel.

In the first place, although I started to use my sickle recently, my main weapon in this middle layer is "Poison Synthesis".

After all, the monsters in the middle layer receive damage just by touching it.

Although "Enhanced Slashing" will rise if I use my sickle, I will receive damage plainly.

In addition, the contents will spill if I cut it with my sickle, and it's hard to eat.

Thus, Body in charge, let's kill the next prey with "Poison Synthesis".

Ou, understood, Information in charge.

"Parallel Will" is really convenient.

With this, if there are two bodies, I can do the shadow clone that I dreamed.

Ah, but in that case, both are the main bodies, so harming either one is painful.

Ah, I don't want that.

Although I will survive if one of them remains, doesn't that means that I will experience a pseudo death?

Well.

I don't want to experience it.

I probably have experience it once, but because it's not in my memory, it's not counted.

Therefore, Body in charge, don't do anything that can lead to death, okay?

No no.

Information in charge, as expected, I won't do that.

Yeah.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

97 The eight passes

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Vision LV9』 has become 『Enhanced Vision LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Telephoto LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Enhanced Vision LV10』》

Yosh!

Finally, the skill level of "Enhanced Vision" reached the max level.

The reward of reaching the max level of "Enhanced Vision" is a new derived skill.

Let's appraise it immediately and examine its effect.

『Telephoto：It becomes possible to see the distant scenery by magnification』

Ah, it's exactly as stated.

Mmm.

Strange.

The five senses skills are advantages plainly, but the derived skill is also plain.

For the time being, let's activate it.

Thus, Body in charge, activate "Telephoto"!

Request acknowledged, "Telephoto" activate!

Oh?

Ooh?

Oooh!?

Ah, this is amazing.

I'm sorry that I said that you are plain.

An image magnified by "Telephoto" in my view and the image of my former view, these two deployed at the same time.

Although I thought that all of my views magnified like the telescope, it looks like I can activate it with one eye.

Although a person will be confused by the different information from the image usually, well, there are two of me.

There's no confusion at all if I allot the work.

Although the magnification rate is low and the range is short because its level is low now, it might be convenient if its level rises.

For example, when "Detection" discovers an enemy lurking around, I can stare at it with "Telephoto" while securing normal view.

Un un.

This skill is also like a passive skill because there's no MP consumption.

This seems to be quite useful, so I should keep it activated and raise its level.

I know you are getting excited, but Information in charge.

What is it, Body in charge?

I found a prey in the scenery seen with "Telephoto".

Ou, immediately useful, what a lovely guy.

Should I kill it quickly?

That goes without saying.

Aye, aye, Sir.

Thus, nearing the enemy quietly.

Because it's impossible to use my sickle by the self-destruction of "Corrosion Attack" in the last time, I will pour Deadly Spider Poison on it using "Poison Synthesis".

The monster's HP exhausted in an instant.

It's power is dreadful as usual.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV2 has become LV3》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Visible Range Expansion LV2』 has become 『Visible Range Expansion LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Life LV9』 has become 『Life LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Life LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Constitution LV1』》

《Skill points gained》

Oh, level up just came.

My sickle has also recovered after shedding.

And, finally, one of the status strengthening skills evolved.

Let's appraise it.

『Constitution：A bonus of skill level×10 is added to the HP. And, a growth correction equivalent to the skill level is added when level up』

Should say that it's as expected? It's the same group as "Herculean Strength".

That means, if the other status strengthening skills evolve, growth corrections will come together with it.

If possible, I want to raise it earlier than usual, but I will have to endure until I escape from the middle layer.

I want to go to somewhere safe quick.

And, the long waited!

My skill point became 100 by level up!

Now, is there an evil eye-type skill added in the list?

『Evil Eye of Curse（１００）：Inflicts curse attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Extinction（１００）：Inflicts corrosion attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Paralysis（１００）：Inflicts paralysis attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Petrifaction（１００）：Inflicts petrifaction attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Disturb（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Disturb」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Phantom Pain（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Phantom Pain」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Insanity（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Insanity」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Charm（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Charm」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Hypnosis（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Hypnosis」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Fear（１００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Fear」 to things that enter your line of sight』

Uwa.

It's really added.

Such skills shouldn't have been in the list before.

I mean, there are many kinds.

I must choose one from this.

I'm troubled.

Information in charge.

What is it, Body in charge?

Why not acquire several of them?

Eh, what do you mean?

Did you know? I have eight eyes, you know?

What's with it?

In other words, can't I activate eight evil eyes at the same time?

!? You, are you a genius!?

Fufufu. Yes, I was a genius.

Seriously? I see, I was a genius. If I'm a genius, then I will be forgiven even if I do anything!

That's right. Isn't it amazing that eight evil eyes can be activated at the same time?

Amazing. That's really amazing. Dream will spread.

Because "Telephoto" is using one, there are seven left.

When thinking that the normal view must be secured, there are six left.

That's right. Choose one this time, and the remaining five will be acquired immediately after the skill points are accumulated, OK?

OK OK. So, which evil eye do you think is good, Body in charge?

I think that the attribute we don't have like curse or petrifaction is good. Heresy attribute is more antipersonnel rather than fighting against monster.

Yeah. I would choose curse if it's me. We have experienced the petrifaction by the petrifaction lizard in the upper layer, and it's effect needs time.

Though the power is high when it takes more time. After all, here, I would pick the safest one, curse.

As expected from me. You understand it.

Right?

Thus, let's acquire "Evil Eye of Curse".

『Curse：Weakens every ability, and deal damage to HP, MP, SP』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

98 Look at my eyes!

"Evil Eye of Curse LV1" was acquired.

Waai.

Now that I have acquired it, I must look for a monster that will become my guinea pig.

Thus, let's look for the thing like that from the information of Detection-san.

Mu.

Mumumu.

It looks like there's something over there.

Although I can't grasp the information accurately because there's still a distance, it looks like it's coming up to the land.

It's just right in time, so let's have this guy be the guinea pig.

『Elro Geafrog　LV4

Status

ＨＰ：８５／８５（Green）

ＭＰ：７５／７５（Blue）

ＳＰ：６８／６８（Yellow）

：６８／６８（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：６７

Average Defensive Ability：５９

Average Magic Ability：４６

Average Resistance Ability：４６

Average Speed Ability：４３

Skill

「Poison Synthesis LV3」「Acid Attack LV3」「Shoot LV4」「Swim LV2」「Night Vision LV7」「Poison Resistance LV2」「Acid Resistance LV2」「Heat Nullity」』

Ah, it's the frog's evolved form.

I think this guy is the frog's evolved form.

Although it didn't became so strong, I think that it evolves to adapt in the middle layer's environment.

There's "Heat Nullity".

And, I think that the guy that has "Night Vision" even though this area is bright probably is from the upper layer.

Because the upper layer and the lower layer are pitch-dark.

Something like it strayed off from the upper layer and evolved driven by the necessity.

I hope that there are no monsters that come up from the lower layer to the middle layer.

If such monsters evolve to adapt in the middle layer's environment, it's frightening.

And, I noticed something after looking at this frog's skill, the attack that I thought was a saliva seems to be the same "Poison Synthesis" as me.

It seems to fire it with the "Shoot" skill.

What a good skill.

I want it too.

Then, I can shoot a powerful poison bullet that can't be compared with this frog.

Will the skill proficiency accumulates if I shoot out threads vigorously from my buttocks?

Let's kill it quickly while Information in charge is thinking about stupid things.

First of all, I set all of the damage of Weak Poison to the lowest by "Poison Synthesis".

And, increase paralysis to the maximum.

The frog has "Poison Resistance", so it won't die with the Weak Poison like this.

I approach quietly towards the frog's back, and Weak Poison Synthesis.

Yes, the frog's experiment body is completed.

Ah, Body in charge, Good Job.

With this, I can experiment my "Evil Eye of Curse" without reserve.

Yosh, then, Evil Eye activate!

Un.

Activated without a problem.

How does it feel?

O-Oh.

The frog's HP, MP and SP are decreasing slowly.

As expected, the damage is slow if it's level 1.

Although both yellow and red decrease in SP, the yellow one recovers fast, so there's no effect on it.

The damage might become higher if the level rises.

Then, I wonder can I always make my opponent into the state of shortness of breath.

How nasty.

Ah, but the HP will be exhausted before that.

HP and SP have roughly the same numerical value.

Oh, the status also decrease.

There's a character said as "Decreasing" added next to the numerical value.

And, the maximum value with the parenthesis is displayed next to the current numerical value.

Hohou.

When receiving an attack that decreases the status, it's displayed like this.

If I were to see this, I would know that I received an attack.

As expected from Appraisal-sama, no blunders at all.

And, as expected, this Evil Eye is not a passive skill that has no consumption.

My MP decreases.

But, the decrease is not so fast.

It decrease by 1 for about 10 seconds.

Because the damage to the frog is 1 for around 5 seconds, it's not bad for its efficiency.

When I think from my MP now, I can activate it for more than 50 minutes, so the cost-effectiveness seems to be efficient.

The damage speed will increase if the level rises.

Ah, the frog's paralysis seems to expire.

Just when I thought of it, Body in charge added "Poison Synthesis" once.

As expected from me.

Quick correspondence.

Hmm.

Although its HP keeps decreasing smoothly, the decrease of its status became not good enough.

Although it decrease until half of the status at the same speed as HP, it hardly decreases after that.

I wonder, is there a limit value in the status decrease.

Well, if I think about it, that's obvious.

If it continues to decrease, it's likely that the defensive ability will become 0.

What's that paper.

It's a weak constitution that can't even be called as a paper anymore.

But, it's considerably big if it decreases until half.

Although it doesn't have much effect on small fries like the frog, if status of powerful monsters like the eel is reduced by half....

Because monsters rely on status more than skill in the battle, status weakening means that it's a great weakening of that guy.

If the status of the eel becomes half, there's no great difference between the eel and the catfish.

This can become the trump card of anti-powerful monsters.

I must give priority to raise this skill level in the future.

Hmm?

Huh?

The frog died!?

Huh?

I'm sure that it still has HP remain.

Somehow the HP decreased rapidly, but why?

Ah, the red SP is exhausted before the HP decreases.

Ah, that's why.

When the red SP is exhausted, the HP will decrease rapidly.

Terrifying!?

Uwa.

Then, it would be very dangerous immediately after evolution.

Thank god that there's meal.

Although my red SP will not be exhausted quickly thanks to "Overeating", let's be careful from now on.

Anyway, "Evil Eye of Curse" is quite useful.

I will activate it when I have extra MP in order to accumulate skill proficiency.

Un.

When something happens, I will leave half of my MP, and I will allocate the remaining MP in the Evil Eye.

I can activate Evil Eye even while I'm moving.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

99 Because that guy is an idiot, I must get a grip on myself

I'm Body in charge.

There's no name yet.

This time, I want you to accompany me in my complains about Information in charge for a while.

That guy is really an idiot.

Recently, in order to acquire "Shoot", that guy said 「Let's fire threads from my buttocks」, and when I tried it, the threads fired out vigorously more than I expected, and the threads fell into the magma.

I almost caught a fire.

If I didn't cut loose the threads immediately, my body would have been covered with flames.

And well, that guy propose a foolish thing whenever possible like this, and it all end up useless.

There's no successful trial that's proposed by that guy.

Well, I am also the same because I'm always excited every time.

Don't you have a little more decent proposal?

If you think for a moment, you will know that the proposal is bad, right?

Why you never think over carefully when you are in charge of the brain?

Are you an idiot?

You're an idiot.

Therefore, I who's in charge of the body must get a grip on myself.

At any rate, my actions are connected to my life and death.

Body in charge, Body in charge.

What is it, Information in charge?

Can the "Telephoto" be used on the Evil Eye?

!? You, are you a genius!?

Fufufu. Yes, I was a genius.

Seriously? I see, I was a genius. If I'm a genius, then I will be forgiven even if I do anything!

That's right. Isn't it amazing to use "Telephoto" to activate Evil Eye from a long distance?

Amazing. That's really amazing. Dream will spread.

That's why, let's look for a prey!

Hyahha!

I'm Information in charge.

There's no name yet.

The simultaneous activation of "Telephoto" and Evil Eye didn't went well.

Muu.

As expected, it can't be help because it would be a cheat if it can do that.

"Telephoto" became level 5 because I had it activated all the time.

When comparing with the time it's at level 1, the distance that can be magnified and the magnification rate have increased.

If Evil Eye can be used with this, a considerable long distance attack seemed to be possible, but it was not possible.

However, this Evil Eye is considerably useful.

Because I used it whenever I have spare MP, it rose to level 3.

The rise of the level is slow.

But, the tendency of using my MP in the middle layer capture is low, so it's just good.

This is something that I noticed in the Evil Eye. It looks like that there's no change in my view while activating Evil Eye .

Although it's impossible to activate simultaneously with "Telephoto", "Enhanced Vision" adapts in it perfectly.

If I can secure my view properly while activating it, there's no need to leave the eyes that don't activate Evil Eye purposely.

I can see the dream activation of eight Evil Eyes at the same time.

And, it looks like I can't added every kind of attributes in the Evil Eye.

Although I tried "Poison Attack", it didn't had any effects.

It's a regret.

Well, this is also the same as "Telephoto", so it can't be helped.

If my current Deadly Poison is used with the Evil Eye, my opponent will die just by looking that can be said that it's the deep blue magic eyes that can see death.

Because it can deal damage and weaken the enemy just by looking at the enemy, it's already a cheat. And as expected, hoping for more is greedy.

Then, I thought that whether the Evil Eye can be activated in 8 of my eyes, but this can be done.

However, the effect doesn't change.

Although I thought that the effect will become 8 times when it's 8 eyes, there was no such good offer.

But, this simultaneous activation can be quite useful for "Telephoto"

It's possible to magnify different places respectively, so simultaneous activation might be good depending on how I use it.

And, changing the topic, it's about Body in charge.

That guy is really an idiot.

Recently, I thought that I want to acquire the "Shoot" skill, so I propose that that guy should try firing threads out from the buttocks, then that guy said 「Sounds good, that's good. let's do it immediately!」 while firing the threads.

Towards the magma.

Although that guy said 「It flew more than expected」, there's no need to fire it at the direction where there's magma.

Of course the threads that were fired fell into the magma.

When the fire came along the thread like a fuse, I got impatient.

Although it was fine because Body in charge cut loose the thread at the last moment, if that guy didn't made it on time, my buttocks will catch a fire again.

And well, against the things that I proposed to that guy like this, a diagonal increase result is achieved.

Ah, it's a diagonal decrease.

Even if I make a genius proposal with much efforts, it's hopeless if Body in charge of the practice position is incompetent.

If you think for a moment, you will know that it's bad, right?

Because you have only been moving, did you became a muscle brain?

Are you an idiot?

You're an idiot.

Therefore, I who's in charge of the information must get a grip on myself.

At any rate, my instructions are connected to my life and death.

Information in charge, information in charge.

What is it, Body in charge?

I found a monster when I was playing with "Telephoto".

Seriously? It's not in the range of "Detection".

Kukuku. Information in charge, doesn't that means that your significance of existence is becoming thinner?

Nonsense! If you were going to offer information that exceeds mine, you won't be able to catch up with me if you don't have at least 100 eyes, you know?

Fuhaha, say whatever you want now! Wash your neck at best and wait!

Fu, that time will never come, but fine. Try and climb to this distant summit!

Fufufu.

Kukuku.

So, what should we do?

Of course we'll hunt it.

Aye, aye, Sir. Come, guys! Prepare for battle!

Hyahha!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

100 Oh? Appraisal-sama's state....?

I wander around the middle layer today.

Umu.

Although quite a long time passed since I reached the middle layer, I still can't see the end.

As expected from the world's largest labyrinth.

If a man tries to capture this, isn't it that this is a level where the man have to be resolved to devote his life?

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Appraisal LV9』 has become 『Appraisal LV10』》

Oh?

Ooh?

Oooh!?

Finally.

Finally, Appraisal-sama reach max level!

Uwa, I'm very happy!

The first one that I acquired, the Appraisal-sama that shared joys and sorrows has finally became a perfect form!

The "Appraisal" that was useless in the beginning.

A strange element is added whenever its level rises.

The joy that the usability gradually improves.

Appraisal-san who grew up and became splendid.

Although you were complained all the time, you grew up with effort.

And, to become the Appraisal-sama that everyone recognize.

Such you also have finally, finally!

Uoon!

Finally.

You have done well.

I'm impressed!

Thank you, Appraisal-sama!

Please take care of me from now on, Appraisal-sama!

But, there's no evolution or derivation.

No, it's fine.

It's a great thing even if only Appraisal-sama reached max level.

Though I expected something like an evolution to a person who rules wisdom.

There's nothing.

I thought that there is if it's Appraisal-sama, but there's nothing.

It's a shock.

... Really nothing?

《Za,...... Zaa,...Za, Zaa, Zaa,......》

... What's this sound that's similar to the television's sandstorm?

《Zaa, Request, Zaa, ... lack of High Rank Administrator authority. Zaa, .......》

Eh?

What?

《Zaa, ... nager sari.........Zaa, ... Rejection, Zaa》

Somehow, it's dangerous.

Although I don't know what's dangerous, it's dangerous.

《Zaa, Pin!》

My body shook unintentionally when I heard the clear "Pin" sound.

《High Rank Administrator D accepted the request》

《Skill 『Wisdom』 is being constructed》

《Construction completed》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Wisdom』 was acquired》

《『Appraisal LV10』 has unified with 『Wisdom』》

《『Detection LV10』 has unified with 『Wisdom』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV7』 has become 『Taboo LV8』》

《Conditions met. Title 『Ruler of Wisdom』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ruler of Wisdom』, skill 『Magic Extremity』『Divine Magic』 was acquired》

《『MP Recovery Speed LV4』 has unified with 『Magic Extremity』》

《『MP Consumption Down LV4』 has unified with 『Magic Extremity』》

《『Magic Amount LV9』 has unified with 『Divine Magic』》 (星魔 )

《『Protection LV4』 has unified with 『Divine Magic』》

Ha?

Huh?

Haaaaaaaa?

No no.

Strange.

This is indeed strange in various ways.

What happen?

Why did it become like this?

What should I do?

Let's calm down.

Body in charge, first of all, take a deep breath.

Hi, hi, fuu.

Yosh.

Let's arrange it in turns.

First of all, it begun when I heard that sound.

What's that?

I don't know.

Although I will usually cast away things that I don't understand all the time, this time only won't that way.

After all, this is a clearly abnormal situation.

Abnormal, yes, it's abnormal.

Although I have acquired skills with recognition that this is such a world up until now, skills doesn't exist in Japan.

It's more abnormal if there's skill in Japan.

Such natural thing and this world is such a world, so is it okay to accept such a simple thought?

It was okay if it's a while ago.

But, now is different.

I certainly heard that the voice of heaven said like this.

《High Rank Administrator D accepted the request》

《Skill 『Wisdom』 is being constructed》

《Construction completed》

This words, it's just like someone is watching me and that person made a skill according to my grumble.

If it's really like that, then the criminal is the person called Administrator D.

And, when I think about the word "high rank", this existence called Administrator cannot be only be D.

Then, what does this Administrator manage?

It's decided.

Skills.

If I think by this flow, that's the only that I can think.

In short, the skills in this world are given by those guys called Administrator.

What is it for?

How?

As expected, I don't know that.

Although I don't know, I can only say this.

Something is strange in this world.

A cold thing runs on my back.

It's different from the time when I encounter the Earth Dragon and my Mother, it's an another kind of fear that invades me slowly.

The Administrator, are they chuckling when they see my panicking figure now?

Scary.

The skills that I have relied on up until now has become something that's hard to be understand.

What should I do after this?

What should I do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

101 Wisdom

『Wisdom：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. It's possible to acquire information until Inspection Level 1 of all existing things in own range of perception. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

『Ruler of Wisdom：Acquisition skill 「Magic Extremity」「Divine Magic」：Acquisition Condition：Acquisition of 「Wisdom」：Effect：MP, Magic, Resistance rise respectively. A＋correction whenever magic-type skill proficiency gained. Ruler class privilege is acquired：Explanation：The title presented to those who rule wisdom』

『Magic Extremity：Magic control assistance in the system, and all magic formula deployment ability value become the maximum. In addition, the recovery speed of MP becomes the fastest and the consumption becomes the lowest』

『Divine Magic：A bonus of 1000 is added to the MP, Magic, Resistance. And, a growth correction of 100 is added when level up』

『Zoa Ere　LV3　No name

Status

ＨＰ：２３６／２３６（Green）（Details）(21 up)

ＭＰ：１４３１／１４３１（Blue）（Details）(1120 up)

ＳＰ：２３５／２３５（Yellow）（Details）(20 up)

：２３５／２３５（Red）＋７９９（Details）(20 up)

Average Offensive Ability：２８７（Details）(18 up)

Average Defensive Ability：３８７（Details）(18 up)

Average Magic Ability：１３６５（Details）(1110 up)

Average Resistance Ability：１５００（Details）(1110 up)

Average Speed Ability：１４１２（Details）(70 up)

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV6」 「Magic Extremity (new)」 「SP Recovery Speed LV3」 「SP Consumption Down LV4」 「Enhanced Destruction LV2」 「Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Enhanced Poison LV4」 「Fighting Spirit LV2」 「Vitality Granting LV2」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」 「Corrosion Attack LV1」 「Poison Synthesis LV8」 「Thread Talent LV3」 「Universal Thread LV1」 「Thread Manipulation LV8」 「Throw LV7」 「3D-Maneuver LV5」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV5 (1 up)」 「Foresight LV5 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV1 (new)」 「High-speed Calculation LV1」 「Accuracy LV8」 「Evasion LV7」 「Stealth LV8」 「Silent LV3 (1 up)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Heresy Magic LV3」 「Shadow Magic LV3」 「Poison Magic LV3」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Overeating LV9」 「Wisdom (new)」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV3 (1 up)」 「Destruction Resistance LV2」 「Blow Resistance LV2」 「Slash Resistance LV3」 「Fire Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」 「Paralysis Resistance LV4」 「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」 「Acid Resistance LV4」 「Corrosion Resistance LV3」 「Faint Resistance LV3」 「Fear Resistance LV8」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV10 (1 up)」 「Telephoto LV5 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Curse LV3 (new)」 「Enhanced Hearing LV8」 「Enhanced Smell LV7」 「Enhanced Taste LV7」 「Enhanced Touch LV7」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV2」 「Divine Magic (new)」 「Constitution LV1 (new)」 「Agility LV9」 「Endurance LV9」 「Herculean Strength LV4」 「Solid LV4」 「Idaten LV3」 「Taboo LV8 (1 up)」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill point：０

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom(new)」』

....

I want to shout "Amazing" if it's a while ago.

No, although I still think that it's amazing now, I can't be pleased honestly.

U.

Uu.

Uuu.

Udaa!!

Ah, enough!

Stop thinking hesitantly!

Well, there's no help for it even if I think about it!

Even if there were such people like the Administrator, what can I do?

There's no way I can do anything.

What can a spider do to such people like God?

Nothing can be done.

Then, the same as always, I will live my life in my own way.

Stalker?

Peeper?

I will take you on.

I don't care whether you're a Administrator or a God, but you should engrave my life into your memory to the utmost.

I will live like a burning fire and die brilliantly!

You should see my way of life!

Information in charge!

What is it, Body in charge?

I'm burning!

Ou, I'm burning brightly now!

No! I'm burning physically!

Ha?

Thread, thread!

Eh, a-ah!?

The thread that I forgot to cut caught a fire because I was in a daze!

What are you doing!? If you have the time to report to me, extinguish it!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fire Resistance LV3』 has become 『Fire Resistance LV4』》

Hot!? Hot!?

Use "Poison Synthesis! Fast!

Understood, Weak Poison, Come On!

Uge!? I became numb!?

Oh no! The Weak Poison has paralysis added to it now!

What are you doing!?

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Paralysis Resistance LV4』 has become 『Paralysis Resistance LV5』》

Hot! Numb!

I can't admire that!! Abababababa! HP dangerous!

I will die! I will seriously die!

Ah, my HP became 0.

Wha-!?

Activate "Patience"! Offer MP as a sacrifice, and revive with HP1!

Oh!

But, if the fire is not extinguished, HP will be exhausted again soon! The paralysis still can't be relieved?

A little more, done!

Use Weak Poison Synthesis without the paralysis this time! While you are at it, set the Synthesis Amount to the maximum!

Owa!? A lump of poisonous water fell!?

Ouch. Look, my HP decreased again after being crushed.

Ah, but thanks to that, the fire disappeared.

Ah, un. The effect of "Patience" was able to be confirmed, so it turned out all right in the end.

This is not all right at all!

It's a defeat if you mind it.

I mean, the first HP0 is like this, how is it?

It's a defeat if you mind it.

You're right....

With that just now, our MP decreased to half.

We would have died if we don't have "Wisdom".

Thank god we have it.

Well, the one that cause it is "Wisdom" though.

It's a defeat if you mind it.

Skills are convenient after all.

Right.

Although I don't know what kind of purpose they made skills and distribute them, I will take whatever you give me and make use of it.

That's right. Un. Let's do that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

102 Wisdom-sama is amazing

Well, the ability of the skill "Wisdom" seems to be an enhanced version of Appraisal-sama and Detection-san.

At that point, it's decided that I have to call it with "-sama".

Wisdom-sama.

First of all, the enhanced part, a thing called "Details" was added into the status appraisal result.

When I double appraise this details, a more detailed information than the status will be displayed. What a wonderful function.

The detailed numerical value of each parts of body are in the attack and defense.

According to it, I understood that my strongest offensive ability is my sickle, and my defensive ability is approximately equal.

Although my defensive ability of my torso is somewhat low, because I'm specialized in evasion originally, it will be fine if I don't make any blunders.

The speed is also similar, but it breakdowns further to reflexive speed, instantaneous speed and endurance speed.

Although it's comparatively average, the instantaneous speed seems to be slightly higher than the others.

And, magic.

This, really.

There are various fields like Magic Offensive Ability, Magic Formula Deployment Speed, Magic Formula Stability Level, Magic Formula Strength, etc, but the numerical values other than the offensive ability have reached max value.

It's 99999.

It's not average at all!

Leaving aside that retort, I think that this is the effect of "Magic Extremity".

It was somehow written that the magic formula related becomes maximum, so I think that it's the effect.

This is telling me to use magic, right?

Fuhehe.

Finally, finally, I can use magic!

Amazing.

I'm looking forward to use it.

Well, the first thing to do now is to reconfirm Wisdom-sama's effect.

I must not panic.

Last, it's resistance, but this was the most important in the details.

All of my attribute resistances were there.

With this, the attribute that I was weak in became clear.

Fire was the one that I'm weak in after all.

Even though I have "Fire Resistance", it's still the lowest.

Ah, by the way, when I have the resistance-type skills, the numerical value of the resistance rises equivalent to the resistance skill.

Other than fire, my resistance to water, ice and light are low.

Especially, ice is low together with "Fire Resistance".

Although I won't receive any ice attribute attack as long as I'm in the middle layer, I should bear it in my mind.

On the contrary, heresy attribute is the highest.

Well, I do have "Heresy Nullity".

The numerical value of this is also 99999.

The next to it is "Poison Resistance".

And the next is unexpectedly dark.

It was higher than the attribute that I have the resistance.

And in this way, my strong and weak resistances became clear, but I think that this can probably be said as an attack.

For example, even if I use the magic of the fire attribute that I'm weak in, I think that the effect will be low.

On the contrary, the heresy and dark attributes that I'm strong in seems to have high effects.

Although it's still in the range of expectation, I think that the probability is high.

The details of the status are about like this, and the details of the skills can be seen, too.

Specifically, it reach the point that the numerical value of the skill proficiency can be seen.

Because the numerical value of the necessary skill proficiency to the next level is also displayed together, it seems that I can raise the level more efficiently.

By the way, the skill proficiency of the skills that I have not acquired can also be seen.

The skill list is displayed even without skill points.

I was surprised at this.

Besides, in the state that all skills were lifted from the ban.

Looking at this only seems to need one whole day.

Among those skills, there's the skill that needs an incredibly high skill points to acquire it.

Although it's ability is reliable to that extent, I absolutely won't acquire it.

I said as a joke to voice of heaven before. Wait, should I stop calling voice of heaven?

No, after all, voice of heaven is all right as it is.

Ah, yes, the continuation of the talk.

I inquire voice of heaven as a joke, and there's really a 「Immortality」 skill, but it needs 100 million points to acquire it.

Nai wa.

There's absolutely no sign to let me acquire it.

Well, leaving aside skills that can't be acquired, I think that I should pick up the usable skills that I can reach.

I will use my skill points for Evil Eye for a while, but when that's over, I will acquire skills that look good.

And, about Detection-san's enhancement, the information picked up by "Detection" can be appraise now.

However, because the information picked up by Detection-san is quite precise, there's no need to appraise it purposely.

At present, I can't think of an effective way to use it, but it's no a disadvantage to have it and it might be used someday.

Lastly, the most important thing is the auto mapping function was added!

Waai!

Moreover, this, it's before acquiring Wisdom-sama, the map of all the ranges where I passed before after I am born can be inspected!

This is amazing.

Seriously amazing.

This Elro Great Labyrinth which I wandered aimlessly, part of it became clear by this map so far!

Elro Great Labyrinth is too wide....

The map of the upper layer where I was formerly there, the map of the lower layer where I fell, and the map of the middle layer that I'm advancing now.

I expected that it would be a part of the whole map when the maps are connected, but it became the size that was almost the same as Hokkaido with that alone.

It's only a part, you know?

And, when I predict the distance from the middle layer to the upper layer, I understood that it looks like it's still long ahead.

Although there might be a pit somewhere because it's only a prediction, I should be prepared for a long trip.

Lastly, the language that was impossible to appraise up until now, it's still impossible to appraise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Mahou Shoujo returns.

By the way, no release for tomorrow because I'm a little tired.

103 Magical Kumoko☆Returns

I thought that I was gonna die.

I mean, I should have died with my HP.

I would have died if I don't have "Patience".

If I died foolishly like this, I won't die brilliantly.

Administrator-san, if you saw it just now, please erase it from the log.

Incidentally, I was able to confirm the effect of "Patience".

Rather than I will revive even if my HP is reduced to zero, it feels more like my HP becomes 0 and my MP becomes the substitute to it and it's possible to act without change.

Judging from the decrease of MP when I caught a fire, I think that it temporarily choose MP as the HP.

Therefore, the damage that should be received in HP becomes the decrease of MP.

It's like the HP and MP sticks together.

Therefore, when I received an overkill attack, my MP might decrease all at once.

Because my MP increased abnormally thanks to "Divine Magic", it can be said that I became considerably tough.

But, because even it's original use uses MP, I should take it like an insurance.

And, thanks to "Divine Magic", my magic-type status increased excessively, but it's a loss when I don't use this status, right?

It appears there, "Magic Extremity"!

Waai.

This skill is the skill that can be said the final development type of the "Magic Manipulation" skill that I wanted!

Amazing!

In addition, the MP related convenient skills come in a set, and it's a bargain!

Wonderful!

If it's now, the price is free because it's Wisdom-sama's extra!

Wha-What!?

It's already bought, so please don't worry!

Congratulation!

Well then, this "Magic Extremity".

It's seriously an amazing skill.

At any rate, it's like I acquired 「Magic Manipulation」「MP Recovery Speed」「MP Consumption Down」 at max level.

My MP that was decreased to half a while ago has already recovered completely.

Because it recovers 2 or 3 in a second, it will recover completely in about ten minutes.

What's that? I can use my MP as much as I want.

Besides, because there's also the effect of "MP Consumption Down", the amount of consumption should decrease other than "Patience".

I can use as much as I want even if I don't use it poorly.

Even if I keep the Evil Eye activated, there's no consumption, so there's no change.

Let's change it to continuous activation at once.

Well, if it's prepared here, of course I want to use magic.

But, I don't know how to use it.

That's only said a long time ago!

I finally learned the way to use magic!

It became clear by Wisdom-sama's new function, search.

Although it's not equal for a certain great teacher, when I search the word related to the skill system, the explanation will be displayed. (TL note: Google-sensei)

The manual function that I didn't stop demanding was implemented at last.

Therefore, I searched the way to use magic.

According to it, it seems that I have to pass through some stages to use magic.

First of all, recognition of magical power.

This corresponds to the so-called "Magic Perception".

If you can't recognize the existence of magical power, it's impossible to use magic using the magical power as the fuel to activate it.

So, this becomes the main premise to use magic.

As for me, "Magic Perception" is in the effect of Wisdom-sama.

Next, manipulation of magic.

The image of magical power in me is a thick liquid.

Move this liquid at your will.

This becomes "Magic Manipulation".

Moving it faster and if complex movement can be done, it's good.

Usually, a person needs to train and will become able to move it gradually, but thanks to "Magic Extremity", I can move it freely.

And, the construction of magic formula.

Every magic skills have this and it will be constructed automatically by selecting the corresponding magic.

The image of the constructed magic formula is a pipe, I wonder?

This construction speed also changes according to the status.

Because my Magic Formula Construction Speed is at maximum value, I can activate it at the moment I select it.

Lastly, if magical power is poured into the constructed magic formula, the magic will be completed.

Like pouring a liquid into the pipe.

When the liquid reaches the end of the pipe, it becomes the phenomenon to have influence in this world as magic for the first time.

At this time, if the amount of the liquid poured into the pipe increases, the offensive ability of the magic rises and if the pouring speed is made faster, the time until activation is shortened.

However, an extra burden will be added on the pipe to that extent.

There's a limit in the amount that can be poured according to the thickness of the pipe, so if it's not firmly made, it will explode because of the water pressure.

The magic formula will end with a misfire without being able to endure the burden, and the worst case, it might explode.

Because high rank magic has a complex and long magic formula, the tendency of that is strong.

It's necessary to make a bigger and stronger pipe to stabilize the magic formula.

As for this, I don't have any problems thanks to "Magic Extremity".

You must pass through such a process just to use one magic.

However!

I who have "Magic Extremity" don't have to think about such tedious thing!

"Magic Manipulation" can be done with the same sense as moving my body, and as for the magic formula construction, the best one is completed in an instant after I select a magic.

I can activate magic with ease like pouring water into a glass!

Therefore, let's activate the one that has the effect that can be understand at a glance because there's no monster in the surroundings now.

Ah, come to think of it, I completely forgot to appraise "Shadow Magic.

『Shadow Surface(影表)：Shadow can be generated in the light』

Uwa.

This is also strange.

Even it becomes level 3, it still has such effect.

"Shadow Magic" is useless if it's level doesn't increase more.

Then, let's use magic.

"Poison Bullet" is good here after all.

Even if I activate "Heresy Magic", there's no significance because there's no opponent, and even if I succeed in using "Shadow Magic", it doesn't seem that I will be impressed.

As for the "Abyss Magic", un, the hurdle seems to be high to use it suddenly.

Yosh!

Magic Formula Deployment!

Magical Power Filling completed!

Poison Bullet activate!

After taking stance, a black round thing appeared in front of me, and it flies vigorously.

O-Oh!

Although it succeeded too quick, it's magic.

Amazing.

I was impressed a little.

But, this Poison Bullet don't have much power.

Because this poison is not Deadly Spider Poison.

The Poison Bullet that can be used by "Poison Magic" is not a magic that fires my own poison, and it seems that it's one magic that fires poison.

So, the poison is this magic exclusive poison, and it's different from the Deadly Spider Poison.

And, it's inferior to the power of Deadly Spider Poison even if I have my Magic Offensive Ability.

Although the power can be raised if I consume a lot of magical power, if that's the case, then I should just synthesis poison obediently.

The magic that I was able to acquire with much efforts might don't have a lot of chances to use it....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

104 Magic Equipped Spider-type Versatile Warrior

By the way, following the Poison Bullet of "Poison Magic", I tried Poison Touch.

Although it should have been a magic that inflicts poison damage by touching the opponent, there was a pitfall after all.

Although I thought that it's a fairly good ability for a skill that can be acquired at level 1, I also receive this magic.

It was the so-called self-destruction technique.

I mean, don't I have a lot of self-destruction techniques?

Although it might be suitable to raise the resistance on purpose, this magic can't be used normally.

Ah, but if I use with the level 3 Poison Resist, it might be usable.

Although Poison Resist is a magic that boost poison resistance temporarily, if this is used together with Poison Touch, it might be usable.

Well, I have "Poison Synthesis", so it's not necessary to use it purposely.

There's no need to use such a thing that has low power and it's a self-destruction technique purposely.

Because its power is low, it doesn't help in accumulating skill proficiency.

Although the Poison Bullet seems to still have ways to use it, there's no need to use Poison Touch.

I also tried "Shadow Magic" just in case.

The result is, un, omitted because it was plain.

The effects of "Heresy Magic" can't be confirmed if there's no monster, so I think that I will try it when I encounter the next monster.

Well, because it's a mind attack-type, I might not know whether it's effective or not just by looking at the appearance.

Although I might know if it's Phantom Pain, can Disturb be known?

Above all, is it fine to use Phantom Madness on a monster?

Phantom Madness, in short, it makes someone becomes insane, isn't it?

Making a monster berserk, isn't it a power up instead?

... As expected, I want to think that it's not like that, but let's use it carefully.

And, the last boss who waits at the end.

"Abyss Magic".

My heart throbs considerably to try this one.

In various meanings.

No matter how you think of it, this magic is dangerous.

Although I carried out an appraisal once again just to make sure because it has evolved into Wisdom-sama, the explanation doesn't change.

After all, I don't understand the effect of the magic.

Although it's obvious that it's a high rank Dark Magic, I don't know any more than that.

It might be an outrageous force if it's usable, but it's bad for the heart that I don't know what's going to jump out.

Although I won't fail because I have "Magic Extremity", still, my heart is throbbing.

Then, first of all, let's try from the level 1 Hell Gate.

Yosh!

Magic Formula Construction!

... Huh?

Wa-Wait for a moment!?

I can't control it even when I have "Magic Extremity"!?

What's with this idiot-like difficulty of construction!?

Ku, it's no use.

The magic formula that's being constructed easily left my controls and collapsed.

I want to say "That's ridiculous".

After all, the "Magic Extremity" that I have is as its name shows, it should be located at the top of the magic related skills.

This result even though I have the skill.

If this won't work, then no one in the world will be able to use "Abyss Magic", isn't it?

I mean, a magic with such difficult construction, what kind of dangerous magic is this?

Not being able to do the construction at level 1 magic, what's this?

If I activate the level 10 Rebellion Hell, is it like the end of the world?

Hahaha, never.

It won't, right?

It really won't, right?

However, this at level 1, either way, it's not usable.

No.

It's still early to give up.

It was certainly difficult.

But, I'm a beginner who became able to use magic just now.

The other magicians probably do their best in practicing and raise the skill level steadily, while I acquire a cheat skill by a leap.

In other words, I'm not used to it.

Therefore, I can use easy magic thanks to the skill, but it's impossible to use high rank magic because I'm inexperienced.

I think that it's like that.

Then, there's only one answer.

There's only practice!

This, Body in charge.

Well, I understand what you want to say, Information in charge.

Do you understand?

Un. But, in that case, what should we do with information?

Can you back me up to some extent, Body in charge?

It's possible to do it, but the efficiency will drop sharply when 2 persons do a person's job.

Muu.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Parallel Will LV1』 has become 『Parallel Will LV2』》

Good Timing!

Hello, the third me.

Hello. I heard the talk. It's already all right because I came!

Yosh! Then, No.3. I will have you in charge of magic!

OK OK. Leave it to me.

Thus, "Parallel Will" leveled up, and the number of wills that can exist at the same time has increased.

Body in charge and Information in charge are as the same as always.

The newly born Magic in charge will practice magic centering on "Abyss Magic" while moving.

By the effect of the "Ruler of Patience" title, the rise of the magic related skill proficiency should be improved, and if I raise the "Poison Magic" and "Shadow Magic", it will surely be useful in the future.

Besides, Magic in charge can join in the combat by using magic attack individually.

The Poison Bullet of the "Poison Magic" also, if it's use individually, it's quite strange, but if it's used in the cooperation with Body in charge, the utility value rises tremendously.

Feint and an unexpected blow, it seems that I can do various things according to the situation.

The Information in charge who ascertains the situation has an important role after all.

Exactly, the Trinity.

When I think over again, I'm amazing.

My status increase rapidly, and I fight in the way that makes good use of my body at the same time as magic flies.

Just by hearing this, I don't want to antagonize me.

Huh?

Aren't I super-strong?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

105 Does a Hikki dream of going out?

Although various things happened, the middle layer capture is going well.

I kept defeating monsters and my level also rose, and my skill level also rose considerably.

While doing that, "Overeating" became level 10 at last.

Will "Gluttony" come?

I prepared for it, but the name of the skill after evolving was 「Satiation LV1」.

『Satiation：It becomes possible to take meals exceeding the limit. In that case, HP, MP, SP are recovered. In addition, the surplus can be stocked. Because the surplus is stocked as pure energy, you won't gain weight. The amount that can be stock increases by level』

Although "Gluttony" didn't came, it's still an amazing ability.

In short, the effect that's applied only to SP up until now has applied to HP and MP.

Although the amount of stocked surplus is lower than the SP, it still doesn't change the fact that it's amazing.

I'm glad my plain and low HP has been padded.

Besides, there's also the effect of "Patience", so if my HP and MP increase, my survival rate rises that much.

Although MP originally looked excess, the waste might decrease if I can stock it.

However, about the effect of not gaining weight, I don't have any benefits.

Well, I never gained weight originally.

I wonder why?

In the explanation of "Overeating", it's written that I will gain weight just as much as the stock, and because I have stocked to the limit, I should have gained weight considerably, but I didn't gained weight at all.

Although I don't know whether it's the spider's special constitution or not, I decided to not mind it because I won't gain weight at all from now on.

Oh, yes.

The "Overeating" stock reached the limit value before its level rose.

It looked like the limit value was level×100, so it stopped at 900.

Although the upper limit increased a little because it evolved into "Satiation", I think that it will probably stop at 1000.

If it's not possible to stock it any further, thinking that "it's a waste unless I consume it" is the Japanese wasteful mind.

That's why, I bear in mind to consume SP as much as possible since the time of my usual movement.

Specifically, I advanced while jumping and running.

By doing it like this, skill proficiency of "Idaten" was gained.

Thanks to that, the skill level of "Idaten" rose.

"Agility" and "Endurance" also rose, and reached max level at last.

Both evolved.

They evolved into "Body Flicker" and"Durability", and growth correction is added to it.

With this, a plus correction will be added in all of my status whenever I level up.

Well, thanks to "Magic Extremity", the rise of magic is abnormally high and my speed is high thanks to "Idaten" that I originally had.

Un.

Even though I was supposed to be a physical high mobility type originally, if only looking at my status, I became a magical high mobility type.

Although the cause of my 180° change is Wisdom-sama, it's doubtful that I actually change into a magic type.

All of the magic-type's levels rise just in case.

Although it's rises, it's inferior to the Deadly Spider Poison no matter what.

After all, when it becomes a serious fight, the Deadly Spider Poison becomes my trump card, and magic becomes the support.

Well, it's inevitable.

Because I came this far with "Spider Thread" and Deadly Spider Poison.

It seems to become a complicated feelings if those two are surpassed easily by magic.

Ah, I want to use "Spider Thread" quickly.

I can't used it in this middle layer even though it evolved into "Universal Thread" with much efforts.

When I reach the upper layer, I will make a nest at the very beginning, and I will spend some time on skill researching there.

After that, to be honest, I don't know what to do.

Although I said that I won't mind it, after all, I'm bothered by it.

Administrator.

Skill.

In order to know it, I must ask a man who knows it after all.

But, in the first place, what does the man of this world think of the Administrator?

I don't know.

Come to think of it, I have never communicate with another person in this world.

I'm here!

I'm also here!

You guys are no different than me! I'm saying about another person, Another Person!

Fuu.

The number of idiots increase, and I who's in charge of the brain can't stop this hardships.

Oh, yes, about communication.

Although I hardly communicate even in my previous life, information can be obtained if there was internet.

But, now is different.

Wisdom-sama's search is only a part concerning the skills.

Besides, even if I examined it, the important part is concealed.

All the information related to the Administrator cannot be appraised.

If I think, I'm a Hikki who haven't gone out after I was born when seen in perspective.

I haven't gone out of Elro Great Labyrinth.

If I became a Hikki in the state with no information source, it can't be helped that I'm ignorant about the world situation.

If I want to know about the Administrator, I need to get out of Elro Great Labyrinth and I have to interact with the man in this world.

But, because I'm a monster, I can't talk, so I think that it's quite severe to communicate normally.

Well, although it's not wrong that I'm a monster, I might manage somehow if it's a conversation.

The first one is acquiring the "Telepathy" skill.

And, the another one is evolve into a certain monster.

A new feature added by Wisdom-sama, Evolution Tree.

If I see this, I can know what kind of monsters that I can evolve in the future at a glance.

Up until now, evolution happens after selecting the guy that appear that time, but apparently, it looks like I have evolved in a good way.

When I see the Evolution Tree, it's understood that 'Poison' is considerably rare.

My current Zoa Ere too.

Well, that's fine now.

The problem is a certain monster's information that's displayed in the Evolution Tree.

Arachne.

The monster that has the lower half of the spider and the upper half of the human.

It's the monster that was also well known in Japan of my previous life.

If I want to evolve into this monster, it's possible but it's somewhat far.

If I have the human upper half, I should be able to talk.

The problem is whether the humans will listen to my story or not because it doesn't change the fact that I'm still a monster.

What should I do?

Well, it can't be helped even if I think about it now.

Whether I evolve or not, it's still a matter for the future.

In the first place, I can't go out until I escape from the middle layer.

Let's think later.

『Zoa Ere　LV6　No name

Status

ＨＰ：３０３／３０３（Green）＋２１（Details）(67 up)

ＭＰ：２０９５／２０９５（Blue）＋１７（Details）(664 up)

ＳＰ：３１６／３１６（Yellow）（Details）(81 up)

：３１６／３１６（Red）＋９３８（Details）(81 up)

Average Offensive Ability：３４３（Details）(56 up)

Average Defensive Ability：４４１（Details）(54 up)

Average Magic Ability：１９９９（Details）(634 up)

Average Resistance Ability：２１３０（Details）(630 up)

Average Speed Ability：１７４６（Details）(334 up)

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV7 (1 up)」 「Magic Extremity」 「SP Recovery Speed LV5 (2 up)」 「SP Consumption Down LV6 (2 up)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV2」 「Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Enhanced Poison LV6 (2 up)」 「Fighting Spirit LV2」 「Vitality Granting LV2」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」 「Corrosion Attack LV1」 「Poison Synthesis LV8」 「Thread Talent LV3」 「Universal Thread LV1」 「Thread Manipulation LV8」 「Throw LV7」 「3D-Maneuver LV8 (3 up)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV6 (1 up)」 「Foresight LV6 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV2 (1 up)」 「High-speed Calculation LV2 (1 up)」 「Accuracy LV9 (1 up)」 「Evasion LV8 (1 up)」 「Stealth LV9 (1 up)」 「Silent LV4 (1 up)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Heresy Magic LV5 (2 up)」 「Shadow Magic LV6 (3 up)」 「Poison Magic LV6 (3 up)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Satiation LV1 (new)」 「Wisdom」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV3」 「Destruction Resistance LV2」 「Blow Resistance LV2」 「Slash Resistance LV3」 「Fire Resistance LV4 (1 up)」 「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」 「Paralysis Resistance LV5 (1 up)」 「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」「Acid Resistance LV4」「Corrosion Resistance LV3」「Faint Resistance LV3」 「Fear Resistance LV8」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Telephoto LV7 (2 up)」 「Evil Eye of Curse LV6 (3 up)」 「Evil Eye of Paralysis LV2 (new)」 「Enhanced Hearing LV9 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Smell LV7」 「Enhanced Taste LV7」 「Enhanced Touch LV7」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV3 (1 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Constitution LV1」 「Body Flicker LV1 (new)」 「Durability LV1 (new)」 「Herculean Strength LV4」 「Solid LV4」 「Idaten LV4 (1 up)」 「Taboo LV8」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：５０

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The author added parentheses to the Parallel Will Kumokos.

［］= Body in Charge

｛｝= Magic in Charge

Information in Charge is herself.

106 Eel again

Wow.

Here is dangerous.

In front of me is a lake of huge magma spreads out all over.

And, there's no path.

Did I take the wrong path?

I thought about it, but this middle layer is a wide and big passage that continues for a long time.

Because the width is around 1 kilometer, it feels wrong to call it as a passage.

So, I must cross this lake of magma in order to advance ahead.

Fortunately, although there's no path, there are small islands at some places.

It's possible to jump from island to island if it's with my jumping power, and the worst, I can even advance on the ceiling.

Although it's possible to break through because it's me, isn't it impossible for human?

After all, the human's limit is the upper layer.

I think that it's impossible to capture this labyrinth that has the area of the scale more than Hokkaido.

A person must have the power of the legendary class like the Hero.

Though I don't know whether there's such thing or not.

A handsome young man liked by the Administrator might get such special powers unexpectedly.

Uwa, that's unfair.

If there's such thing, then give it to me too!

It's not good?, I see, that's obvious, right?

Ah.

I escaped from reality for a moment.

What I said that it's possible to break through is only crossing over this magma.

What's dangerous here is that a lot of monsters lurk here.

This lake of magma is wide and the depth is considerably deep.

The depth is around 200 meters.

If the magma gets clogged up that much, won't it cool down and harden?

Although I think of it, this huge lake is actually formed here.

And, in that deep and wide lake, there's a lot of monster.

It's good if it's a small fry, but there are dangerous ones mixed among them.

There seems to be a sign of eel within the range of my detection here and there.

This is dangerous.

Although I want to ignore the monsters and advance, from my experience so far, I seem to get involved in such dangerous zone.

The footing is bad.

There's no escape.

If I fall, I will die.

Countless formidable enemies.

I can't get tired of it.

I can't get tired of this.

My Danger Perception is reacting strongly.

But, I can't advance ahead unless I break through here.

Really, what is this labyrinth?

It doesn't have the mind to let me capture it, right?

Die?

The God says, I'm destined to die here.

Administrator, is it your act!?

Haa.

Yosh!

Let's go.

In the way that combat is avoided as much as possible.

Strategy: let's advance further, Change to treasure my life.

Thus, I jump to the nearest island first.

Land splendidly.

An eel that appears from the bottom.

Oiiiiiiiii!?

However, it's still not the time to panic!

Although the eel is a formidable enemy, the current me should be able to defeat it!

But, should I escape from here for safety?

Body in Charge, Magic in Charge, what do you think!?

［The footing is small and it's hard. One vote to escape］

｛Agreed. There's no need to fight purposely on a disadvantageous field｝

Yosh, let's escape!

［Yes Sir］

｛I will support｝

Therefore, I will escape!

Although I thought about it, the eel's state is strange.

Even though it should have notice my existence, it doesn't try to attack me at all.

No, it stiffens in its attacking posture.

Hmm?

［Information in Charge, isn't this paralysis?］

Ah, that's it!

That's right.

When I became level 5, I acquired "Evil Eye of Paralysis".

Although I thought that I was going to pick "Evil Eye of Extinction" or "Evil Eye of Petrifaction" at first, I stop after all and pick "Evil Eye of Paralysis".

The reason is because I have experience the paralysis myself, and I noticed how dangerous was it.

That's dangerous.

It's impossible to move.

Because of that, I was almost dead, or rather, I died in HP.

The "Evil Eye of Extinction" is good if I take its offensive ability, but judging from "Corrosion Attack", it's scary that it seems to damage myself.

In addition, I can't eat if I use it on a small fry because the corpse doesn't remain.

The reason of "Evil Eye of Petrifaction" is also the same.

As expected, I can't eat stone.

Besides, I know that petrifaction is certainly troublesome because I was harmed by the petrifaction lizard before, but it needs time to show its effect.

Although petrifying a part of my opponent's body is certainly an unpleasant effect from the opponent's point of view, but it's not an advantage for me.

Stopping a part from being use. If it's like that, then paralysis that can stop the whole body is better.

Thus, the second Evil Eye was decided to be paralysis.

This is also the same as the "Evil Eye of Curse" that it consumes MP while activating it.

But, even if I activate both at the same time, it's rather a positive income and expenditure by the effect of "Magic Extremity" and "Satiation".

Ah, about the "Satiation" stock, it has been understood that automatic recovery is also stocked naturally.

Super-convenient.

Thanks to that, my HP is saved up little by little.

Though the HP is hard to recover because of the heat damage.

Because my MP recovers very fast, I use it as much as possible.

Because there's a skill called "Magic Combat Act" that raise the physical ability temporarily by consuming MP, I tried circulating magical power in my body and the skill was acquired comparatively easy.

This also is activated continuously now.

"Fighting Spirit" that has the same effect but consumes SP instead of MP is activated sometimes after I consult with my SP stock.

As for magic, Magic in Charge activates continuously centering on "Shadow Magic".

Though she's firing "Poison Magic" towards the eel now.

The eel receives the poison while paralyzed, the curse reducing its HP slowly, and it died in the end.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV6 has become LV7》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Talent LV3』 has become 『Thread Talent LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV7 has become LV8》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill points gained》

Because it was wasteful to let my precious meat sink, I manage to raise it up to the land using the thread.

I change the thread that caught fire quickly and pull it like this, "take, change, pull, change".

This might be more harder than a battle.

I didn't thought that the eel that I had a hard fight last time can be killed this easily.

I really became incredibly strong.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

107 Master of the flame sea ①

Uhehe.

Now that I know that even the eel can't defeat me, there's no one that can defeat me in this middle layer!

Ah, excluding Mother.

There's no way I can win against such thing.

But, the eel was actually outstandingly strong in this middle layer, so there's no monster that can be my enemy in the middle layer.

Although it might be a different story if it's the lower layer, the greatest enemy in the middle layer is the terrain, so the monster's strength itself is not that much.

If it's the catfish class monsters, there are here and there, but there's not much when it comes to the eel class.

I mean, there's only the eel.

Isn't it impossible for me to lose anymore in the middle layer because I can defeat the eel easily?

Therefore, I decided to hunt assertively at the lake of magma.

If I can paralyze the eel, the win is mine already, so victory is decided at the moment when most of my opponents were paralyzed.

In the present condition that Spider Thread can't be used, it looks like acquiring "Evil Eye of Paralysis" is right as a new restriction means.

Speaking of Evil Eye, although my skill points increase because I leveled up, I decided to save it without acquiring a new Evil Eye this time.

It's also because the remaining lineup of the Evil Eyes became doubtful.

The might be a self-destruction, Evil Eye of ruin.

The mass production of uneatable parts, Evil Eye of Petrifaction.

Because I have the "Heresy Magic", acquiring the heresy-type Evil Eyes have become meaningless.

That's why, I'm saving now to acquire higher rank skill.

Actually, I have decided what skill to acquire.

Ah, I'm looking forward to acquire this.

Kufufu.

I advance through the lake triumphantly.

But, since the first eel, the monsters doesn't attack me.

Everyone conceal themselves in the magma.

Un.

Did I overdo it?

The spider that defeats the eel easily that's the boss class in the middle layer.

Un.

If I'm a monster that inhabit in the middle layer, then I definitely won't attack.

Oops.

Does this means that I have done it?

I can't do anything from here when they are shutting themselves in the magma.

Well, it can't be helped.

Although I want to gain experience points and raise my level, they have their own life.

If they attack me, I won't show mercy on them, but I will overlook them if they stay indoors.

Be grateful, okay?

I think about such thing and advanced further, but my Danger Perception is reacting.

I search the cause of the danger signal using the other perceptions.

Found the pertinent individual.

An approaching huge sign of fish confirmed under the magma approximately 100 meters of distance and water's surface approximately 30 meters bottom.

This is bad.

It's obviously bigger than the eel.

There's a monster of the length twice of the eel.

This is a little bad.

Body in Charge, Magic in Charge, prepare to intercept.

［We don't escape?］

｛The footing is bad, so shouldn't we escape?｝

Ah, although I really want to do that, the other side doesn't wants to let me go.

I wonder does that monster has such a skill, because the other monsters position themselves to block my escape route.

I should take it that it doesn't wants to let me go.

［Isn't this dangerous?］

This is dangerous.

｛Judging from the monsters positioning, it seems to be highly intelligent｝

Right.

And, that guy came out from the magma in front of me slowly.

『Elro Genesoka　LV17

Status

ＨＰ：２３３１／２３３１（Green）（Details）

ＭＰ：１８９４／１８９４（Blue）（Details）

ＳＰ：２１１９／２１１９（Yellow）（Details）

：２３１５／２３１５（Red）＋２６４（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：１９９９（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：１８７６（Details）

Average Magic Ability：１５５１（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：１５２８（Details）

Average Speed Ability：１６５７（Details）

Skill

「Fire Drake LV9」 「Reverse Scale LV2」 「Automatic HP Recovery LV2」 「MP Recovery Speed LV1」 「MP Consumption Down LV1」 「SP Recovery Speed LV3」 「SP Consumption Down LV3」 「Flame Attack LV5」 「Enhanced Flame LV3」 「Enhanced Destruction LV2」 「Enhanced Blow LV4」 「Cooperation LV5」 「Command LV7」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Probability Correction LV8」 「Presence Perception LV4」 「Danger Perception LV7」 「High-speed Swim LV7」 「Overeating LV8」 「Blow Resistance LV6」 「Heat Nullity」 「Constitution LV1」 「Agility LV8」 「Endurance LV9」 「Herculean Strength LV1」 「Solid LV1」 「Magician LV4」 「Protection LV4」 「Dash LV5」

Skill points：１１２５０

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Leading One」』

It's a Drake that appeared there.

It's a genuine Drake that has a drake-like form more than the eel.

Seeing the skill composition, it's probably the evolution form of the eel.

It's hard to say that this guy is a fish.

It's a genuine Fire Drake.

Ah.

This is a dangerous guy.

Although it's still better than the Earth Dragon or Mother, it's still strong.

Can I win?

The "Reverse Scale" is a higher rank skill of "Dragon Scale", and the effect simply rises.

Although I didn't mind it before, the "Dragon Scale" has the effect of weakening the magic power by interfering the magic formula composition.

If it's the eel's scales, it can't interfere my magic because I have "Magic Extremity", but this Fire Drake's "Reverse Scale" might be able to obstruct my magic.

There's also the combo of "Accuracy" and "Probability Correction" that tormented me in the eel's case.

Moreover, "Evasion" joins there too.

Furthermore, it's fully loaded with the fire attribute attack that's my weakness.

And, the most troublesome one is the "Cooperation" and "Command" skills.

The monsters that came out from the magma one by one were caught by my Detection.

"Cooperation" and "Command" have the effect as shown in their name.

"Cooperation" increase the ability to cooperate, and "Command" has the effect of accompanied by subordinates.

Both skills come from the title 「Leading One」, but this title is also a tricky thing.

This title has the effect of raising some of the subordinates' status.

I who's completely surrounded by a crowd of monsters.

The Fire Drake who leads it.

The battle of the spider and the Fire Drake group, begins.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

108 Master of the flame sea ②

Well, Body in Charge.

［This is hard. The fact that there's no footing is hard］

Body in Charge, go with evasion as maximum priority for now.

［OK］

If possible, I want to keep the Fire Drake in my view.

［I will do my best, but I will give priority to evasion］

That's fine.

There's a chance to win if I can reduce even a little with Evil Eye.

And, Magic in Charge.

｛Intercept the opponents' attacks and small fry cleaning. Is that OK?｝

OK.

Our mutual understanding level set to the maximum.

Because I will circulate information at any time.

［｛Roger｝］

The tuning level is raised to the maximum and three consciousness overlapped.

When it's this situation, even a little discrepancy can't be allowed.

But, there's no problem.

Even if there are 3 wills, they are all me.

It's impossible that an opinion differs from me.

First, I must increase the number of usable footings.

I'm at a small island now.

If it's here, I can't evade as I want.

But, even if I move to the other islands, there are monsters floating on around the area.

Even if I jump, I might be intercepted in the air.

The Fire Drake roars ignoring me who's thinking.

That's the signal, and the surrounding monsters shoot fireball all at once.

I jump up.

The island that I made as a footing sinks into the sea of flames.

More fireballs attack me who jumped, but all are intercepted by firing Poison Bullet.

Poison Bullet possesses the physical offensive ability to some extent.

It's the most suitable magic for interception among my magics.

I fire a thread to the ceiling, and pull immediately.

I escape to the ceiling.

I start moving quickly.

When doing that, I activate Poison Bullet and "Poison Synthesis", and scatter my poison.

Poison Bullet as precision fire.

"Poison Synthesis", the amount is increased and surface attack.

The poison generated by "Poison Synthesis" pours into the overhead of the monsters.

With that alone, monsters die noisily.

But, the monsters' fireballs also fly towards me.

I kicked the ceiling and fall towards the island.

I intercept the approaching fireball with Poison Bullet.

I land on the new island safely.

I jump up again at that moment and evacuate to the ceiling.

An extra-large fireball hits the island where I was directly.

It's the Fire Drake's fireball.

That one just now is probably either the Flame Ball that's acquired at "Fire Drake LV5" or the Large Flame Ball that's acquired at "Fire Drake LV7".

If it's the Large Flame Ball, then it's fine, but if that's a Flame Ball, that means that it has a more powerful fireball attack.

Either way, I will die if I receive that.

I evade the endless storm of fireballs earnestly, and scatter poison on the interception.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV8 has become LV9》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fighting Spirit LV3』 has become 『Fighting Spirit LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

Crap!?

The shedding is starting.

My movement became dull for an instant because of that.

The monster's fireball hits me directly.

Kuu.

That's effective.

But, it was endured.

It was good because it's a small fry's fireball.

Although my HP decrease a lot, it's not to the extent that I will die.

I never thought that I will receive damage because of the level up shedding that helped me so far.

The timing was bad.

I run around the ceiling and make a landing sometimes, then I return to the ceiling again.

That's repeated.

The "3D-Maneuver" skill that raised plainly is useful.

There's also the grace of my status growth, and it's possible to move more smoother on the ceiling than the time I fought against the eel.

Although it's still slow compared with the ground, it's easy if I only need to avoid the small fry's fireball.

The problem is the attack of three eels and the Fire Drake.

I can't receive these four attacks.

There's a possibility that I will die in one hit if I receive it.

Anyway, I will devote myself to avoiding now, and gain time.

As long as I can gain time, it's my win.

One of the eels bend backwards greatly.

A Flame Breath is coming.

But, I won't let you do that.

I activate "Heresy Magic".

The magic of "Heresy Magic LV5", Hypnosis.

The eel which was going to breathe out the Flame Breath towards me change its target to the eel next to it and the breath was released.

Although it's not effective because the eel has "Heat Nullity", its movement was able to be obstructed.

The effect of Hypnosis is a magic that force the target to obey the magic user temporarily.

Although I can manipulate only for an instant if it's a monster of the eel level, I can still turn the attack like this.

However, it has a quite complicated magic formula construction, and a large amount of MP is consumed according to the opponent's resistance.

It's a magic that can't be activated immediately in battle if there's no "Magic Extremity".

Besides, although it's effective to the eel for an instant, it's ineffective to the Fire Drake.

It seems that I have to give up on attacking the Fire Drake and avoid everything.

I escape to the ceiling.

The fireball follows after that.

I continue such a tag endlessly.

Because I fought while escaping, I'm quite far from the place I was at first.

But, this tag will end soon.

The small fries drop out one after another.

Because they can't endure the "Poison Magic LV6" Poison Mist that I have activated a while ago.

The Poison Mist is just as its name, a magic that generates mist that contains poison.

In case of the poison that's generated by the "Poison Synthesis", the toxicity is lost at the moment it evaporates.

I cover the weak point by using the magic that scatters poison widely which is the Poison Mist.

The effect is low that it can't be compared with the Deadly Spider Poison.

But, if a person stays in this mist for a long time, the body will be ruined by the poison gradually.

It's to the extent that weak monsters can't endure it if time passes.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV9 has become LV10》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Poison Magic LV6』 has become 『Poison Magic LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Poison LV6』 has become 『Enhanced Poison LV7』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Title 『Drake Killer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Drake Killer』, skill 『Life LV1』『Drake Power LV1』 was acquired》

《『Life LV1』 has unified with 『Constitution LV1』》

Now, there are only those who I keep looking with Evil Eye left, the weakened Fire Drake and the three eels.

How will I cook it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

109 Fear Bringer

The match was settled.

Small fries are purged.

The boss has been weakened.

The executives are no longer my enemies.

They have no ways to reverse this situation.

There are also no reinforcements like the monkeys.

Only monsters that will escape from me are caught in my Detection.

I never thought that I who continued to escape became an existence that makes others to escape.

The Fire Drake should have understood it halfway.

That this will happen.

But, I wonder whether it's the Drake's obstinacy or not because even if it's weakened and its subordinates die one after another, it still continues to challenge me.

If this was a sport, I might admire that spirit.

But, in the war of killing, I have no choice but to say that it's a incompetent commander.

Although the catfish will escape desperately, it didn't escape and end up getting killed by me probably because of the Fire Drake's "Command".

The eel seems to want to escape now.

But, the Fire Drake still show its fighting spirit.

It might have been degenerated to the seahorse level because of its recklessness.

It's a pity that even that fighting spirit is already meaningless.

The remaining Fire Drake and the three eels are caught in my Evil Eye.

My "Evil Eye of Paralysis".

Even if I activate the same Evil Eye on several eyes, the effect doesn't change if there's only one opponent.

But, when there are several opponents, the single target attack Evil Eye can attack several enemies.

And, I have eight eyes.

I can make preys of Evil Eyes up to 8 targets.

It's different when it's the large crowd a while ago, but with only four monsters remaining, there's no means that can defend against my Evil Eye.

The amazing part of "Evil Eye of Paralysis" is that the effect continues if I keep looking at it.

In case of paralysis poison, the effect becomes weaker by time progression, and it will be relieved eventually.

But, "Evil Eye of Paralysis" don't have that.

If it surpass the opponent's resistance once, the means that the opponent can take to break out of the paralysis by oneself is considerably limited.

Even if its skill proficiency accumulates and acquire "Paralysis Resistance", it takes a considerable amount of time to surpass the effect of my Evil Eye.

If it has that much time, I wonder how many times I can kill it with my Deadly Spider Poison.

Therefore, I can do whatever I like either to boil or to grill.

Well, because it has "Heat Nullity", there's no help for it even if I boil it or grill it.

I get down from the ceiling to the island nearest to the Fire Drake.

I extend my threads, and pull the eels' body to the island.

Ah, I want the thread that can't be burned.

I work with a great deal of effort.

Meanwhile, the Fire Drake tries to resist and clenches its teeth, and the eels trembled in despair.

Although I thought about it at the monkey time, if you come with the intention to kill me, I want you to at least be resolved that you are going to be killed.

Me?

No, if I'm almost killed, I will escape.

So there's no need to decide such resolution.

And, after pulling the bodies of the Fire Drake and the eels to the island, I give the decisive blow.

First of all, the eels.

Making good use of the paralysis, Deadly Spider Poison is thrown into the mouth without reservation.

The eel that can't move because of paralysis twitch greatly once, and died.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV10 has become LV11》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『3D-Maneuver LV8』 has become 『3D-Maneuver LV9』》

《Skill points gained》

The other eels that saw it stiffen the face in fear.

Don't worry.

I let you die without suffering as much as possible.

Deadly Spider Poison is also thrown into the second eel.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV11 has become LV12》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV8』 has become 『Evasion LV9』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Title 『Fear Bringer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Fear Bringer』, skill 『Intimidation LV1』『Heresy Attack LV1』 was acquired》

I received a title.

Again a title that has a dangerous name.

I will be a dangerous person if only my titles were seen.

Ah, I'm not a person but a spider.

Well, I will confirm it later.

I have also obtained the title called "Drake Killer", so I should just confirm it together.

It's decided that I will give the decisive blow to this guy now.

Thus, a present of poison for the third one.

Accept it because I have put great efforts to make it.

Hai, say aah.

Was it delicious?

I see, it was delicious enough to die.

I'm glad that you like it.

｛Information in Charge is scary!｝

［Good, do it more!］

Ah, you guys returned?

［Yeah. It doesn't seems that it's necessary to maximize the tuning level anymore］

｛It was good that we were able to win unexpectedly easily｝

Ah, I didn't thought that it would turn out well.

［It was good that the Fire Drake was an idiot］

｛Well, if it's me, I will choose to withdraw immediately｝

Yeah.

Isn't it because this guy never fall into such a pinch up until now?

｛Ah, it might be｝

［Something like "There's no way I can be defeated"?］

That's right.

Because it's pitiful, let's give the decisive blow.

And, I gave the first and final defeat to the Fire Drake that might have not tasted defeat before.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV12 has become LV13》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Destruction LV2』 has become 『Enhanced Destruction LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Destruction Resistance LV2』 has become 『Destruction Resistance LV3』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV13 has become LV14》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Corrosion Resistance LV3』 has become 『Corrosion Resistance LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV14 has become LV15》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Blunt Resistance LV2』 has become 『Blunt Resistance LV3』》

《Skill points gained》

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

110 The thing acquired after defeating the Fire Drake

Well then, Body in Charge!

［Ah. Tiresome work is waiting］

Umu, take care of the scale peeling.

I leave the scale peeling of the Fire Drake and the eels to Body in Charge.

Meanwhile, I will check the ability of the title that I have acquired.

『Drake Killer：Acquisition skill 「Life LV1」「Drake Power LV1」：Acquisition condition：Defeat a certain number of the Drake species：Effect：A slight increase in damage when the opponent is a Drake or Dragon species：Explanation：The title presented to those who defeated a lot of the Drake species』

『Fear Bringer：Acquisition skill 「Intimidation LV1」「Heresy Attack LV1」：Acquisition condition：Make others to gain skill proficiency of Fear Resistance until a certain point：Effect：Inflicts the heresy attribute 「Fear」 effect to those who saw your appearance：Explanation：The title presented to those who embodies fear』

Uoi!

Leaving aside "Drake Killer", the effect of "Fear Bringer" is not good!

In short, those who saw me will feel fear, right?

That's not good!

It might be good for the enemy, but making everyone to fear of me is a negative effect instead!

Besides, this is different from skill because it doesn't have the on-off.

Uwa.

If it's a timid monster like the catfish, won't it escape at the moment it saw me?

It's possible.

Well, nothing can be done on the things that I have acquired.

I pull myself together and see the skills.

Although I should have seen these skills in the list, I don't remember the effects.

Un.

This lack of memory.

Should I acquire a skill of the memory?

Well, it's fine.

『Drake Power：Drake's power is temporarily gained』

Hmm?

Hmm, I don't understand.

It looks like a activation-type skill, so let's activate it once.

Oh?

My status rose a little when I activate it.

And, both MP and SP decreased.

It looks like it's a skill that consumes MP and SP to raise the status.

It's different from the "Magic Combat Act" and "Fighting Spirit", the magic related status also rises.

Because it's level 1, the rise is not that much, but if I activate this continuously and raise its level, it might become an amazing skill eventually.

Although there's a great effect even if "Magic Combat Act" and "Fighting Spirit" overlap, if "Drake Power" joins there....

This is good.

That's really good.

『Intimidation：Inflicts heresy attribute 「Fear」 effect to the surroundings』

And, even you?

Although this one has the on-off function unlike the title, if both overlap, won't common monsters escape at the moment they saw me?

Ah, the title already can't be undone anymore, so activating this continuously is fine.

It doesn't seems that there's consumption too.

『Heresy Attack：Endows heresy attribute 「Soul Break」 to the attack』

Ah, this is a bad one.

『Heresy Attribute 「Soul Break」：The attribute that destroys the soul directly』

It's already not the level that it can be said as a mind attack!

How nasty.

Let's try it next time.

Un.

"Drake Killer" is simply an increase.

As for "Fear Bringer", the increase and decrease of the revenue and expenditure is strange.

It can be said as good, but it can also be said as bad.

Well, title is such a thing.

Now then, the long waited skill points was obtained from level up.

Besides, because it rose without stopping, it's quite a large amount.

And, the skill that I had exactly requested is reached.

Uhehe.

I didn't thought that I can acquire it so fast.

『Space Magic（５００）：The magic that manipulates space』

This is it.

Speaking of "Space Magic", it's the standard of cheat.

Although I can't use the magic that I expected because it's level 1 after acquiring, I have the privilege that makes the magic-type skills to level up faster in the effect of the "Ruler of Wisdom" title.

If I work hard to raise it, it should level comparatively fast.

Fufufu.

The thing that I have expectation in this "Space Magic".

That's Teleport!

After all, there's such magic.

Speaking of "Space Magic", it's obviously Teleport, Item Box, and a villa in a different space!

There might be the Item Box that can store things into a different space, but I don't need it because I'm not carrying anything now.

Although I want a villa, I think that the level must be quite high, so it's still a long way to go.

Teleport.

The wonderful magic that can move to another place in an instant.

As long as I have this, I can end this huge middle layer without advancing with great effort!

Thanks to Wisdom-sama, there's the upper layer map!

If I link it with the map, I'm sure that I can teleport to the upper layer!

Thus, voice of heaven!

"Space Magic" please!

《Currently you have 500 skill points.

The skill 『Space Magic LV1』 can be acquired by spending 500 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

Yes!

《『Space Magic LV1』 was acquired. Remaining skill point 0》

Yosh.

Let's try the magic that's usable at level 1 at once.

Magic in Charge!

｛Aye, aye, Sir｝

Magic in Charge activates the "Space Magic LV1".

The name of the level 1 magic is 「Coordinates Specification」

A cube of green line appears.

Magic in Charge enlarges it, changes the shape, and moves it left and right.

It doesn't seems to be a material, and it sank not just into the magma but also the ground.

I remember the range specification of the PC.

I mean, it's probably that.

｛This is only a magic that specifies space｝

What is it used for?

｛Perhaps, a preliminary arrangement for magics after level 2?｝

Yeah.

That means that it's useless unless it reaches the upper levels similar to the "Shadow Magic.

｛Yeah｝

Un.

Well, I didn't think that it will be useful in combat right away, and the fact that I acquired it is important.

Let's raise its level steadily from now on.

Therefore, Magic in Charge.

｛Use this one than the other magics, right?｝

Un.

By the way, how many magics can be activated in parallel now?

｛Depends on the magic. But, the Coordinates Specification is not so difficult, so I think that I can activate at the same time if it's another two simple magics｝

Roger.

Gain skill proficiency while moving within the range that you don't overdo it.

｛Yes, Sir｝

Body in Charge is still having a hard time with the scales.

Well, it's three eels and the Fire Drake of the size twice of the eel.

It seems that it will take a little more time until I can start tasting the Fire Drake.

However, I won comparatively easy against such a strong crowd of monsters leaded by the Fire Drake.

Am I much more stronger than I think?

Fufufu.

Should I name myself as the Demon King in the future?

I also have the "Fear Bringer" title, so I might have reach that point.

I am the Spider Demon King!

Just kidding.

I at this time didn't know about it.

That 'Becoming the Demon King' which I said as a joke.

The meaning of it.

『Zoa Ere　LV15　No name

Status

ＨＰ：５０２／５０２（Green）＋１８９（Details）(199 up)

ＭＰ：４０９６／４０９６（Blue）＋４３７（Details）(2001 up)

ＳＰ：５２２／５２２（Yellow）（Details）(206 up)

：５２２／５２２（Red）＋９７１（Details）(206 up)

Average Offensive Ability：５０６（Details）(163 up)

Average Defensive Ability：６０３（Details）(162 up)

Average Magic Ability：３９０１（Details）(1902 up)

Average Resistance Ability：４０２１（Details）(1891 up)

Average Speed Ability：２５８０（Details）(834 up)

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV7」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic Combat Act LV2 (new)」 「SP Recovery Speed LV6 (1 up)」 「SP Consumption Down LV7 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV3 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Enhanced Poison LV7 (1 up)」 「Fighting Spirit LV4 (2 up)」 「Vitality Granting LV2」 「Drake Power LV1 (new)」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV3」 「Corrosion Attack LV1」 「Heresy Attack LV1 (new)」 「Poison Synthesis LV8」 「Thread Talent LV4 (1 up)」 「Universal Thread LV1」 「Thread Manipulation LV8」 「Throw LV7」 「3D-Maneuver LV9 (1 up)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV7 (1 up)」 「Foresight LV7 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV2」 「High-speed Calculation LV3 (1 up)」 「Accuracy LV9」 「Evasion LV9 (1 up)」 「Stealth LV9」 「Silent LV5 (1 up)」 「Intimidation LV1 (new)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Heresy Magic LV6 (1 up)」 「Shadow Magic LV7 (1 up)」 「Poison Magic LV7 (1 up)」 「Space Magic LV1 (new)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Satiation LV1」 「Wisdom」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV3」 「Destruction Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Blunt Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Slash Resistance LV3」 「Fire Resistance LV4」 「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」 「Paralysis Resistance LV5」 「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」 「Acid Resistance LV4」 「Corrosion Resistance LV4 (1 up)」 「Faint Resistance LV3」 「Fear Resistance LV8」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Telephoto LV8 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Curse LV7 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Paralysis LV5 (3 up)」 「Enhanced Hearing LV9」 「Enhanced Smell LV7」 「Enhanced Taste LV7」 「Enhanced Touch LV8 (1 up)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV4 (1 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Constitution LV1」 「Body Flicker LV1」 「Durability LV1」 「Herculean Strength LV4」 「Solid LV4」 「Idaten LV4」 「Taboo LV8」 「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill point：０

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer (new)」 「Fear Bringer (new)」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

111 Delicious cuisine

［Fufufu. You guys were formidable enemies. Ah, I admit it. You managed to hurt me this far. Certainly, a mortal combat. It was a battle suitable to be called that. However, your hard fights were also vain against me. Fuhahaha! Finally, I won! Today, on this day, you guys have carved the absolute defeat in your body in front of me!］

Body-in-charge's tension is strange.

What's wrong with this guy?

Is this guy getting excited?

｛Information-in-charge, when did this guy break so much?｝

Sh!

A good child must not see it!

｛I see. Body-in-charge has finally entered the area that must not be entered｝

Yes, that guy went there.

Therefore, we who were left must live strongly.

｛Body-in-charge. I won't forget about you if it's around 3 minutes!｝

Cup noodles!

｛Cup noodles.... I'm hungry...｝

Didn't you forget about Body-in-charge in an instant?

｛It's possible that there's no such thing｝

［Hey, aren't you cruel since a little while ago?］

｛Body-in-charge!?｝

Ridiculous, you returned to sanity!?

［No, shouldn't there be "Impossible!"? In that case, I will be like a fool even if I return to sanity］

Eh?

｛Was it different?｝

［Hey, let's talk］

We make noise for a while.

Well, it can't be helped that Body-in-charge's tension rose.

At any rate, the scale peeling of the Fire Drake was finally completed.

Just as Body-in-charge said, it was a fierce battle.

The scale peeling of the Fire Drake and the three eels.

It was extremely hard.

Let's say it frankly.

The time spent on the scale peeling was longer than the combat time.

Well, I don't know the accurate time because I don't have a watch, so the time might be longer when I concentrate in a combat.

Besides, even if I said that it was hard, the one who did it was Body-in-charge.

Meanwhile, Magic-in-charge and me the Information-in-charge worked diligently to raise skill proficiency while chattering.

Although Body-in-charge got tired and asked to take over regularly, of course the answer is no.

But I refuse. (TL note: Jojo reference)

Well, because Body-in-charge is no different than me and there's only one body, it doesn't change the fact that I will get tired after all, but this is the problem of the feelings.

It's the feeling that the child's delusion was realized because I can force my homework to my other self.

［Fu. However, I have accomplished it!］

Congratulations!

｛Congratulations!｝

［Thank you! Thank you!］

Then, let's eat it at once.

［Ou, I have been waiting for it!］

｛Catfish, eel and this Fire Drake｝

Surely, the taste must also evolve!

［When I eat this, I will say "This is delicious!"］

｛That's bad. That's the unappetizing flag｝

Thus, time to taste it!

Un.

Umu?

Hmm.

［Strange］

｛Somehow, it's hard to say that it's unappetizing, but it's also hard to say that it's delicious, an exquisite prescription...｝

It's that, like the whitefish that has no taste.

［Ah, I understand］

｛Certainly, this seems to have the potential to transform if there's a soy sauce｝

Is there a soy sauce in this world?

［No, I guess］

｛It's impossible for a Japanese to live without soy sauce｝

I think that subculture and soy sauce are the pride of Japan.

［Although I don't have the interest in meals when I was a human being, I realized it after I became a spider］

｛Yeah. The cuisines in Japan are really delicious｝

Don't give up!

［Information-in-charge?］

This world might not have the soy sauce!

However, there might be a seasoning equal to it!

｛Even if it's not a seasoning, as long as there's a delicious cuisine...｝

［That's right. We have only ate raw monsters so far］

In the first place, can a monster be called as a food?

［Ha!?］

｛To figure that out, are you a genius!?｝

Oh, yes

I was a genius.

｛Seriously? I was a genius. If I'm a genius, then I will be forgiven even if I do anything!｝

That's right!

Today, on this day at this time, I declare one decision!

I will escape from this Elro Great Labyrinth in order to eat proper cuisine!

［Oh!］

I have enough of eating monsters that are not delicious!

［I have enough of bad-smelling meat!］

｛I'm also sick of poison!｝

A healthy life begins with a healthy meal!

［More delicious things!］

｛Sometimes, sweet things!｝

I want to eat something sweet.

［Ah, I want to eat chocolate］

｛Although there might be no chocolate, fruit will do... ｝

Aaah, although I have never thought about it up until now, I can't already.

［My body wants sugar!］

｛When Body-in-charge says it, I will be troubled because it sounds real｝

Yosh.

Let's aim at Arachne earnestly.

［Ah. Well, it becomes so］

｛When you think of taking communication with human being｝

After all, do you want to eat only monsters until death?

［I don't want that!］

｛I want to eat delicious things!｝

Right?

The cuisine made by the human being should be more delicious than a raw monster!

I will stop being a spider!

［Arachne is also a spider］

｛But, even if we became an Arachne, can we communicate with human being?｝

We'll use our spirit there.

｛Recall my low communication ability｝

［Hey, I can't remember my last conversation with human being when I was a human being...］

In the first place, when was the last conversation?

｛Long ago to the extent that I can't remember｝

［Am I all right?］

W-With spirit.

｛I mean, can the people here understand Japanese?｝

Ah.

［Ah］

｛The future seems to be full of troubles｝

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

112 Monsters that change into metal

It's difficult to communicate with human being.

I'm even bad at the exchange in the internet.

Isn't my communication ability is the lowest class?

Ku, I never thought that there's such a high wall that stands in my way in order to eat delicious cuisine!

Well, it's still not the time to panic.

Even if I say that I will aim at Arachne, it's still a long way off.

In the first place, it's not worth considering unless I escape from the middle layer.

After eating the Fire Drake, I ate the three eels.

Even though it had evolved, the eel was more delicious.

Isn't this a degeneration?

As expected, "Satiation" stock maxed once because the amount was large.

I surely thought that the highest was 1000, but it was possible to save up to 1100.

It looks like the capacity increased after evolving.

Because my SP pool is too much now, I activate "Fighting Spirit" and "Drake Power" at the same time to consume energy.

Although "Drake Power" consumes MP too, it's just right because my MP will keep accumulating if I don't consume it.

At the same time, Magic-in-charge raise the skill proficiency of "Space Magic".

The green line goes here and there.

But, the level hasn't rise yet.

It's the magic that I used 500 points, so it's growth is slightly slow.

When I compare it with my other magics, the necessary skill proficiency for the next level is considerably a lot.

Well, because it's gradually accumulated, I think that it will level up soon.

Speaking of skill points, I'm hesitating to pick which skill to acquire.

In case of the skill that can be acquired with 100 points, I will go for the Evil Eye that I haven't acquire yet, but there are some good skills if I save more.

Like the remaining seven deadly sins.

I think that this is the same broken skill as "Pride" and I want to acquire it, but even the lowest one 『Sloth』 needs 1000 points.

As expected, it's hard to save up to there.

Besides, the "Gluttony" that I thought was the "Overeating" evolution is not there somehow.

Even though the other seven deadly sins are there. How mysterious.

And, there's also the seven virtues.

I don't know much about that part, but it's pairs up with the seven deadly sins, right?

There are some that looks like it.

But, this also don't have seven.

Is there a rule for these skills that are not in the list?

And, I'm interested with the 『Hero』 skill.

Although it doesn't have the mysterious language in the explanation like the seven deadly sins, it's considerably high efficient.

Well, even if I say that I'm interested, I can't acquire it because it demands a ridiculous figure of 15000 points.

And, there's also the 『Demon King』 skill.

Although this is similar to the "Hero", this one is cheaper than "Hero" with 5000 points.

If I want to acquire, I would acquire this one, but it seems that I will get the Demon King title at the moment I acquire it.

If I have the skill points, it's a quite high efficient skill, and it's delicious as a material, so I want to acquire it.

Well, I wonder should I go safely here and acquire the high rank Evil Eyes.

There are some high rank guys of the Evil Eyes that can't be acquired at 100 points.

Although it doesn't match with the broken skills, it's possible to get it easily, so I think that I should acquire that.

Therefore, I need to defeat monsters and gain experience points to get skill points.

But, there's no monster at all since a while ago.

Although the party led by the Fire Drake were annihilated, there's no monster at all even if I have advance considerably from there.

No, the monsters are there.

They just shut themselves in the magma, and don't come out.

I can understand that they are running away with all their might and trying to hide.

Then, the reason why they are running away and hiding is that they are running away from me.

Well, the cause should be the "Fear Bringer" title.

Ah, and also "Intimidation".

The monsters are scared of me by these two effects.

The way they run reminds me of the Metal guy who appears in a certain national RPG.

(TL Note: Metal Slime from Dragon Quest)

They run away at top speed at the moment when they noticed me.

As for those guys who hide, I hate it that they acquired the "Stealth" skill just by that.

I want to say that "How desperate are you".

When they run away like this, I can't even hunt properly.

Moreover, unlike the Metal guy, I won't get a lot of experience points even if I defeat them.

My current level is 15.

Finally, I have also exceeded level 10.

Zoa Ere is a high rank species, so I already know that my next evolution exceeds level 10 in the next evolution condition.

I think that after I exceeded level 10, I really did became a high rank species.

When I see my magic status only, I feel that I can even do well in the lower layer.

My status has actually reach the a part of the Earth Dragon Kaguna's status.

Huh?

When did I became that strong?

Eh, I just noticed it.

Come to think of it, although I only manage to appraise the HP, etc, if I'm not mistaken, isn't it around 3000?

When it's my magic status only, won't it be an equal match?

Seriously!?

Can I fight against the Earth Dragon!?

No no.

Calm down.

The opponent is that Earth Dragon.

It's surely my misunderstanding.

Un un.

It's only my magic status that caught up with it.

Ah, but I became strong to that extent.

No wonder the monsters runs from me.

If there's a strong person scattering fear by "Intimidation", of course anyone will run away.

Even I will run away.

Ah, this was my story.

However, I'm troubled.

I can't raise my level like this.

What should I do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

113 Spider vs Fire Dragon ①

Un.

I finally get out from the lake of magma area, and I have reached the area that has the land.

Although it was good, I haven't hunted a monster at all since then.

Thanks to that, my SP that has so much started to decrease gradually.

As expected, it won't decrease to the extent that I will starve to death, I'm not using the SP-related skills to save it now.

Ah, what should I do?

Shutting themselves in the magma is really nai wa.

If it's like that, I can't do anything.

What a coward to run away and hide in it's advantageous field.

Can't you fight fair and square? You shameless person.

However, this is really troubling.

Most of the monsters in the middle layer can run and hide in the magma.

If they are on the land, I can kill them before they run with my speed, but if they are in the magma from the beginning, I can't do anything.

If I only eke out a living, then killing the monsters on the land is enough, but in that case, the experience points is not delicious.

I want to accumulate skill points.

Because I can evolve at level 20, I want to acquire one Evil Eye till then.

Even though I will aim at "Sloth" after evolving and receiving the bonus, my plan is out of order now.

What should I do?

If I go to the upper layer, I can chase them even if they run because there's no magma.

Ah, is there a monster that won't run away from me somewhere?

Although I thought of such thing, isn't this bad?

『Fire Dragon Rendo　LV20

Status

ＨＰ：３７０１／３７０１（Green）＋１２００（Details）

ＭＰ：３１２２／３１２２（Blue）＋１２００（Details）

ＳＰ：３６９８／３６９８（Yellow）（Details）

：３６６５／３６６５（Red）＋９１２（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：３２８１（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：３００９（Details）

Average Magic Ability：２６４５（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：２６０１（Details）

Average Speed Ability：３１７５（Details）

Skill

「Fire Dragon LV1」 「Reverse Scale LV8」 「High-speed HP Recovery LV3」 「MP Recovery Speed LV6」 「MP Consumption Down LV6」 「Magic Perception LV5」 「Magic Manipulation LV4」 「Offensive Magic Power LV4」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV1」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV1」 「Flame Attack LV9」 「Enhanced Flame LV7」 「Enhanced Destruction LV6」 「Enhanced Slashing LV2」 「Enhanced Piercing LV2」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV2」 「Cooperation LV10」 「Direction LV2」 「3D-Maneuver LV4」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV5」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Heat Perception LV3」 「Flight LV7」 「High-speed Swim LV10」 「Satiation LV2」 「Fire Magic LV4」 「Slash Resistance LV1」 「Pierce Resistance LV1」 「Great Blunt Resistance LV1」 「Heat Nullity」 「Abnormal Condition Resistance LV1」 「Constitution LV5」 「Magic Well LV4」 「Body Flicker LV5」 「Durability LV5」 「Herculean Strength LV5」 「Solid LV5」 「Mage LV4」 「Amulet LV3」 「Shrink Space LV5」

Skill points：３００５０

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Leading One」 「Dragon」 「Conqueror」』

The start was abrupt.

Did both of us entered the range of Danger Perception? While wondering that, both of us take stance almost at the same time.

That is a Fire Dragon.

The form of the Fire Drake that has wings grown on it, a Dragon-like Dragon.

Seeing from its status, I think that it's almost equal to the Earth Dragon Kaguna.

Just when I thought that I might be able to fight against Earth Dragon Kaguna.

There's still a distance to each other.

But, apparently, the other side is motivated to do it.

What should we do?

［One vote in escaping］

｛Same here｝

Yeah.

Thus, full speed sprint, start!

I escape with a dash.

Like I can fight against a Dragon!

And, the Fire Dragon ran after my back!

You got to be kidding!?

［This is bad. That guy has the higher speed!］

｛We will be caught up!｝

Magic-in-charge, use that magic to escape!

｛Roger!｝

Magic-in-charge activates a certain magic.

The magic of "Shadow Magic LV7", Shadow Sink.

This magic is the magic that sinks something into the shadow.

Although the MP consumption changes according to the size of the thing, it's impossible to sink something bigger than the shadow.

Though it's possible to sink big things into the shadow using it together with the "Shadow Magic LV2" Large Shadow.

If you ask what happens after sinking into the shadow, it looks like it connects to a special space called the shadow space.

And, there's no air in that space and it's hard to move, so it's a dangerous space that nothing can be done but to die once entered.

It seems that I can win if I sink the enemy here.

But, because it's impossible to close the entrance, it's comparatively easy to get out.

Besides, if the sinking one intends to resist, it can get out easily.

It's been proven because I tried making a pitfall against a monster before.

Although it seems useless, I thought of using this as a emergency escape magic by combining it with the "Shadow Magic LV3" Shadow Surface that can generate shadow in the light.

Although I haven't tried it once, it's better than getting caught up.

Thus, *plop* into the shadow just before the Fire Dragon catch up.

I turn off "Intimidation" at the same time, and erase my presence.

Although I can't breathe because there's no air, if I search for the appearance by Detection, I can see that the Fire Dragon is confused of its prey's disappearance and it looks around the surroundings.

If you leave without noticing me, then the strategy success.

But, can I hold my breath till then?

Ah, this is bad.

Suddenly, it realizes it.

After looking around for a while, the Fire Dragon has begun to stare at its feet.

The feet where I lurked.

That's right.

I forgot that there's a troublesome one in the Fire Dragon's skills.

Presence Perception LV10.

It's not a rat in a trap, but it was a spider in the shadow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

114 Spider vs Fire Dragon ②

Now that it has gone this far, I have no choice but to prepare for the worst.

I maximize the consciousness tuning level of "Parallel Will".

In addition, I have Magic-in-charge activate magic.

The shadow where I hide myself changes its form and approaches the Fire Dragon's body like a spear.

A technique that's called Shadow Spear that combines the "Shadow Magic LV4" Shadow Change, "Shadow Magic LV5" Solid Shadow and "Shadow Magic LV6" Shadow Manipulation.

The shape of the shadow is changed into a spear shape using Shadow Change, solidify it using Solid Shadow, and move it using Shadow Manipulation.

Surprisingly, if the "Shadow Magic" is not use together with the level 6 magic, it can be said that it's impossible to attack properly. It was a difficult magic.

The consumption is also bad and it's inefficient.

It's a disappointing magic that there's no much use.

But, I was saved thanks to that magic now.

The Fire Dragon dodges the approaching Shadow Spear easily.

I escape from the shadow in the interval.

I take a distance from the Fire Dragon.

The Fire Dragon and I who face each other.

To be honest, I don't think that I can win.

The ability value of the other side is absolutely higher.

In addition, the affinity of the attribute is not good either.

Above all, the Fire Dragon's "Abnormal Condition Resistance" skill is hard.

This skill is as shown in its name, it has the effect of raising the resistance of abnormal condition attribute attacks.

I should think that it has a considerably high defensive ability if the originally high resistance value is added with the" Abnormal Condition Resistance" skill.

And, I'm specialized in abnormal conditions.

It can be said that the affinity was bad in that sense.

Moreover, its skills don't have a breach either.

Although I have continued fighting monsters with higher status, I think that my skills are better.

I have higher number of skills, but the Fire Dragon's skills are the same as me, or maybe even higher ability than mine.

Some of the skills are the same as me, some are higher level, and even skills that have evolved.

It's superior than me either in the status or in the skills.

In addition, the affinity is bad.

There was no element that I can win.

But, I must do it.

If I don't win, I will die.

I resolve myself.

There's still a prospect of victory.

But, the possibility of defeat is higher after all.

I might die.

I'm scared to die.

But, there's no life that can't die.

Then, as I said before, I will live like a burning fire and die brilliantly.

Although I don't intend to die, even if I die, I don't want to die unsightly.

Fire Dragon, will you kill me?

Then, come with a suitable resolution.

I'm not that easy to be killed unhurt, you know?

I turn on the "Intimidation" at the same time as I resolve myself again.

Opening all Evil Eyes.

Simultaneous activation of "Magic Combat Act", "Fighting Spirit" and "Drake Power".

Magic Construction Start.

The Fire Dragon cloak its body in flame while I wonder did it took that action after seeing my resolution.

The 『Fire Dragon』 skill seems to be the evolution of the 『Fire Drake』 skill.

Naturally, it can use the effect of the 『Fire Drake』 skill too.

One of those is the Flame Cloak that's acquired at "Fire Drake LV8".

It's the higher rank technique of the "Fire Drake LV2" Heat Clad, and it's literally cloaking the body in the intense flame.

Furthermore, it's also a technique that improves the movement ability due to the heat.

Apparently, it seems that the Fire Dragon has recognize me as a formidable enemy.

There are neither carelessness nor self-conceit in each other.

A serious fight starts.

The Fire Dragon spits out a fireball.

An attack that can't be thought as a serious attack, a wait-and-see attack.

But still, if I think about my weak "Fire Resistance", it's a power that can turn me into cinders if I receive it directly.

Because even this toying attack is equal to the previous Fire Drake's full power fireball.

I evade it with all my power.

Because of the combo of "Accuracy" and "Great Probability Correction", I can't avoid it lightly.

It's the level that I need to borrow the power of "Evasion" and stacking three strengthening skills to avoid that toying attack.

Making full use of "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight".

The Fire Dragon shortens the distance at the same time as it spit out a fireball.

Using the fireball as a distraction and the real attack comes.

It bends its long body like the snake, and swing its huge tail.

The single blow that has the fatal effect called flame added to it and the already powerful physical attack.

I also barely dodge this.

The cloaked flame grazes my body.

My HP decreases slightly with that alone.

If I didn't perceive the approaching Fire Dragon with "Thought Acceleration" and see the action with "Foresight", it would be bad.

At present, it seems that my "Evasion" combo is slightly better than the Fire Dragon's "Accuracy" and "Great Probability Correction" combo.

But, the situation is not good.

No matter how much time passes, the Fire Dragon doesn't paralyze.

As for the curse, HP,etc, are reduced slightly, but there's no effect in the status.

It seems that both resistances are high.

Although the effect of Evil Eye will be effective if time passes, the Fire Dragon won't wait in silence for that long.

I barely evade the claw attack from the rushing Fire Dragon.

The Fire Dragon becomes cautious of me who even evaded that, and it takes distance for a moment.

The Fire Dragon roared.

Impatience arises in my heart.

The Fire Dragon's skill is roughly the higher rank of the Fire Drake's skill.

Naturally, it can use the skill that the Fire Drake had.

In other words, the skill that embodies the violence of the number that the Fire Drake used to corner me.

"Direction".

It's the higher rank skill of the Fire Drake's "Command".

It's a skill that make the user to be accompanied by subordinates using stronger control power.

My Detection catches the appearances of the monsters that begin to gather one after another.

There was no self-conceit in me.

I recognized the Fire Dragon as a higher rank formidable enemy, and I have even resolved to die.

But, there was no self-conceit in the Fire Dragon either.

It uses all its power in order to defeat the lower rank me.

And, there's no unfairness.

The probability of my survival became even lower.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

115 Spider vs Fire Dragon ③

I must bring it to an end before the monsters that have gathered participate the battle.

Because in this situation where I need to use all my power to avoid the Fire Dragon's attack, I don't have the time to be concerned about the other miscellaneous matters.

The Poison Bullet that's fired at the same time as I avoid the Fire Dragon's attack vanished before reaching the Fire Dragon.

The magic construction is interfered by the effect of the "Reverse Scale" skill and the power is weaken by the flame of Flame Cloak.

The weakened Poison Bullet burned out completely before reaching the flame armor.

Even though the Fire Dragon itself didn't took any action to intercept it, the Poison Bullet was neutralized with that alone.

The defensive ability that it's impossible to inflict damage by a half-hearted attack even with an instant death class offensive ability.

In addition, it has the speed higher than me.

If it feels like it, it should be able to avoid the Poison Bullet with its speed and the power of the "Evasion" and the "Great Probability Correction".

I'm really sick of it.

The opponent's HP gradually decreases thanks to the "Evil Eye of Curse".

But, the one that's decreasing was the effect of the "Satiation" skill.

Unlike me, the Fire Dragon's HP raised to 1200 that's the limit of the skill level.

MP is also similar.

Although only the SP was not stocked to the limit, there was still a large amount.

To be frank, it's impossible to reduce this amount completely with the Evil Eye.

I will run out of energy before that.

I can't expect much from the decrease of the status too.

Although it's a little, it's decreasing.

But, the decreasing speed is considerably slow compared with the other monsters.

This need to take a considerable amount of time to be able to realize the effect.

As expected, I will die before that.

The "Evil Eye of Paralysis" that has the possibility to reverse the situation.

I shouldn't expect much from this either.

The Fire Dragon's "Abnormal Condition Resistance" rose to 2.

If it's because of the skill proficiency is close to the limit, then it's fine, but in case that it's not, that means that my opponent's resistance rises quickly because of the accumulation of my paralysis power.

As expected, it doesn't completely protects it, but it seems to be too convenient to wish for the Fire Dragon to be paralyzed.

That is also not good, and this is also not good.

When it becomes like this, the means left for me is limited.

The most effective method among that is to drive in poison at the level that surpasses the opponent's resistance.

My Deadly Spider Poison is the most lethal weapon that I have.

Even if the Fire Dragon has the "Abnormal Condition Resistance" skill, I don't think that it can come out unhurt after receiving my Deadly Spider Poison.

But, once is probably not enough to kill this guy.

Even if I hit a lucky hit, it's useless.

I must hit a more certain and strong attack.

But, the Flame Cloak is a hindrance.

Intense flame that my HP will decrease just by grazing it.

I can't attack unless I penetrate this.

If I can't do that, I will get burned even if I shift to attack.

While thoughts are repeated, Body-in-charge avoids the Fire Dragon's attack desperately.

Attack is completely abandoned, and concentrates in evasion.

Even if Magic-in-charge shoots an interception magic, it's blown off easily in front of the combo of "Reverse Scale" and Flame Cloak.

The Poison Mist that killed a massive amount of monsters previously is meaningless against Flame Cloak.

The Fire Dragon soars up into the air.

I who saw that quickly adjust the poison using "Poison Synthesis".

Immediately after that, flame surged from the Fire Dragon's mouth.

A very large breath attacks the ground.

It's the Hell Flame Breath that's acquired at "Fire Drake LV10".

The wide-range annihilation breath of death blows off the surrounding ground, melts it, and it changes into the new sea of magma.

I jumped on the spur of the moment, and activate Weak Poison by "Poison Synthesis".

I generated the maximum amount that can be synthesized, and evacuate in the huge drop of water.

Because I set the damage relation to the lowest, there's not much decrease in my HP.

I evacuated into the Weak Poison's drop of water almost at the same time as the Fire Dragon's breath covered the ground completely.

The Weak Poison evaporates only by the aftermath.

My HP decreases even though I didn't receive a direct hit.

I extend a thread to the ceiling before the Weak Poison evaporates completely and evacuate in a hurry.

I escape along the ceiling without looking aside.

Although the Fire Dragon pursues me naturally, I succeeded in escaping from the magma that was newly formed.

A fireball approaches me.

I kick the ceiling and let my body move in the air.

A fireball explodes at the position where I was until a while ago.

My body that was thrown into the air is pulled by the gravity and falls.

And the Fire Dragon approaches with its fang in the air as if it's waited for it.

I pulled the thread that I fired to the ceiling in secret that's hard to be seen by the Fire Dragon.

At the same time, I synthesize Deadly Spider Poison with the paralysis attribute.

The Fire Dragon's body passes right under me.

The Fire Dragon does a tailspin in the air.

I witnessed with my enhanced vision that the Fire Dragon twists its body to evade from swallowing the poison at the moment it closes its mouth.

The strategy of using poison as a substitute that buried all of the monsters in the middle layer so far was defeated.

But, I use that interval and I succeed in going down to the ground again.

However, it was a failure.

The monsters called by the Fire Dragon have gathered on the ground.

I who was unable to move being surrounded by monsters.

And, the Fire Dragon releases the Hell Flame Breath again.

My body was swallowed in the flame without any resistance.

And, that body was burned thoroughly by the flame without any resistance, and not even cinders remained.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-18: Side 18 New Hero
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S18 New Hero

It was immediately reported to Father through the teacher that I obtained the Hero title.

Immediately after that, I'm called by Father and I left the academy, then return to the royal castle.

The royal castle that I returned after a long time.

But, my mind was not stable until I will be indulge in deep emotion.

I manage to calm my shaken heart, and meet Father again.

The place was not the throne room, and it was Father's personal room.

Although it's wide, it's a room with documents, etc, scattered around.

Several man gathered there.

「Shurein. I'm sorry to call you purposely」

With my entrance, Father uttered a heavy voice.

Even I who didn't met Father a lot of times understood that Father's voice was more heavy than usual.

It's a much more heavy voice than the time I heard it at the appraisal ceremony.

「First, let me confirm whether you have really obtained the Hero title or not」

「Yes」

The appraisal stone used in the appraisal ceremony is grasped in Father's hand.

When I answered, an unpleasant feeling like being lick all over attacked my body immediately.

This is the feeling that I felt when I met Sensei for the first time.

This must be the unpleasantness that's felt when being appraised.

「You really have it」

Father's heavy voice.

Immediately after that, Father covers his face with his hand and begins to sob.

「Julius...」

Older brother's name leaks out from Father's mouth.

Tears came out from my eyes after hearing that.

Breaking the self-control that I shouldn't do it here, my view is blurred by tears.

My shoulder is gripped.

The person is the third prince and the older brother above me, Leston-niisama.

My head is patted and I'm hugged gently.

I didn't have much opportunity to meet with Leston-niisama.

But, he's friendly and he was a congenial brother next to Julius-niisama.

I surpassed my limit.

I cling to Leston-niisama, and cried without reserve.

Only sobbing sounded in the room for a while.

「Father. I understand the feeling to grieve for Julius. However, it's necessary to think about the future. Let's begin the discussion」

The one who break the gloomy silence was the first prince who's our oldest brother, Cyris-niisama.

To be honest, I'm not very good with this person.

I have never seen him laugh and he's always devoted to work with a sour look.

If I omit my older sister who's married into another country, he was the only one among the siblings that I have the intuition that I can't get along with him well.

「Cyris-aniki, Father and Shun are hurt. Isn't it fine to wait for a little more?」

「No, Leston. It's as Cyris says」

「But, Father」

「Stop it, Leston. Father has say so」

「Cyris-aniki...」

「It's fine. There are feelings of mourning as a family. However, we are the royalty before a man. Then, it's necessary fulfill the obligation as the royalty. Mourning comes after that」

Father wipes the tears with the sleeve.

Although Father's eyes swelled up red, a powerful light dwelled in there.

Is this the king's appearance?

That's amazing.

I can't do that.

「Shurein has inherited the Hero title, so that means Julius have died」

Father said the thing that nobody dared to say it clearly while biting his lips.

In that word, Julius-niisama's death was pointed out again.

「Although this was hidden from Shurein and the people, the information that the Demon army finally have started the invasion was sent. Perhaps, Julius have died in the fight」

The Demon army.

Although I have heard talks of the Demon army's movement frequently, finally.

Even that Julius-niisama can't win against the Demon army.

「The report on how the result of the battle is not here yet. I have sent an excellent magician who can use Space Magic to confirm it, but...」

Immediately after that, a knocking sounded in the room.

「Enter」

「Excuse me」

Although I don't remember the name of the person who entered, he's one of the person who served as the general in this country.

He advances slowly towards the center of the room, and get down on his knees.

「I would like to report. It's about the war of the Human army and the Demon army」

「It was just at the right timing. How is it?」

「Yes. Although the detailed information is uncertain because the site is still confused, it seems that we have barely repelled the Demon army while there's a serious damage」

「I see. Continue」

「In case of the information that's understood now, some of the forts seem to have fallen. Among those, the Kusorion Fort was destroyed」

「What!? That large fortress!?」

「Y-Yes. This is still not a certain information. The site is confused, so this is a baseless rumor. The Demon army summoned a huge monster, blown by an unknown great magic and so forth. Rumors and guesses, it's a situation where we don't know which is the real information」

「Umu. However, the information of the Demon army withdrew is true, is it?」

「Yes. That's certain」

「I understand. Thank you for the report. Please continue to collect information」

「Yes! Then, excuse me」

The general leaves the room.

Father close his eyes and wrinkle up his eyebrows, thinks about something.

We brothers waited for Father's next words.

「It seems that Julius's death has yet to be confirmed」

「Yes. The site seems to be confused. What shall we do?」

「Conceal Julius's death and the fact that Shurein became the new Hero for a while」

There was no one in this place who's dissatisfied with Father's decision.

I don't understand the politics well, so I shouldn't interfere.

「It's still uncertain whether the Demon army completely withdrew or not. If the Hero's death is announce here, it will give uneasiness to the people. Although Julius's death will be known eventually once the talk from the site rises, don't reveal it to the others until then」

「Father, what would Shurein do in the future?」

「Shurein, I'm sorry but you have to leave the academy today. At the same time, make preparations so that we can announce the new Hero any time. Shurein」

「Yes」

「Although you might be confused because it happened suddenly, you are the Hero from now on. Succeed Julius's will, and you must bear the full brunt of the war as the hope of the Humans. You might not be resolved for this yet. So before Julius's death is known, I want you to decide the resolution」

Hope of the Humans?

E-Even if you ask me to decide such resolution suddenly.

「Your heart is probably not sorted yet. You may retire for today. Rest at ease」

Father's kind voice.

I will depend on that for now.

「I'm sorry. Excuse me」

I said it briefly and leave the room.

The worrying eyes of Father and Leston-niisama.

Cyris-niisama's cold eyes.

I close the door to obstruct the view.

Although I was driven by the impulse that wants to collapse on the spot, I bear it somehow and begin to walk.

After that, 30 days passed.

During that time, I did nothing but independent training in the castle.

Since I became the Hero, I must become stronger.

That's just an appearance because if I don't do anything, I will think about various things and I won't calm down.

If I move my body, my feelings were diverted a little.

According to the story I heard, it seems that Julius-niisama's death is concealed worldwide.

It might be Father's influence, but each country might have judge that it's dangerous to announce the Hero's death to the citizens at this unstable time,

It seemed that the site of the battlefield is well known already, but it seems to be a future matter for the rumor of the battlefield to enter this country because this country is far from the battlefield.

It seems that the Demons didn't attack afterwards.

It's said that there's a considerable amount of damage on the Demons in this war, so they are considered to not move for a while.

But, I can't be careless.

It's not somebody else's problem anymore.

It seems that there's no change in the state of the academy.

I often talk with Sue and Katia with "Distant Communication" and hear the state.

［How's the state there?］

［There's no change. There was a little confusion when Shun left the school suddenly］

［I see. Please tell everyone in the academy that I'm fine］

［Yes. Of course.］

［Sue. How are you?］

［I'm fine］

［I see. How's there?］

［Today, Yuri was called back by the church］

［Did she?］

［Yes. Perhaps, I think that the information of Julius-niisama's death has reached the church］

［So, Yuri was called back because she was the next Saint candidate］

［Probably. What happened to the Saint that accompany Julius-niisama?］

［It seems that Nii-sama's comrades have died except Hyrinth-san］

［... I see］

［It seems that Hyrinth-san who survived will return soon. I think that I can probably hear the story from him. I will ask various questions at that time］

［Yes. If possible, please behave yourself, okay?］

［Un? Well, I'm told to not reveal that I'm the Hero until Father announce it. So I won't do anything］

［Then, it's good］

［You sure say a strange thing. By any chance, are you worried?］

［That's obvious］

［I see. Thank you］

［... My pleasure］

Such exchanges was done several times.

Hyrinth-san is Julius-niisama's childhood friend and the comrade in arms equal to Nii-sama.

I have met him several times with Nii-sama.

When Hyrinth-san returns, I'm sure that I can ask various questions.

How did that Nii-sama died?

To be honest, I can't believe that ridiculously strong Julius-niisama can be defeated easily.

Either he was caught in an unfair trap, or Nii-sama fights against a large army that even he can't win.

I don't think that Nii-sama can lose in an one-to-one fight.

I'm sure that this will be known when Hyrinth-san returns.

I did nothing but independent training to brace my heart that almost sunk.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「Shun inherited the Hero title」

「This is the worst」

「Ah. In addition, the movement of the surroundings is somehow suspicious. I might not be able to deal with it」

「I understand. I will return immediately」

「I'm sorry even though you are busy」

「If it's for the students, Sensei can work hard」

「I respect that part of yours」

「Well, I shouldn't be such a hot blooded character though」

「How about the report to Potimas-danna?」 (TL note: He calls Potimas as Potimas no danna)

「It's already done. The worst case, it's necessary to think that to have Shun-kun to be sheltered by the Elves」

「I see. That might be good」

「Won't you oppose it?」

「Julius-aniki is dead, so I don't want my younger brother to die. If that's the case, then even if we won't meet anymore, it's better for him to stay alive」

「Yeah. Let's do our best」

「Ah. I'm counting on you」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kumoko's survival. And she finally used it.

Changed Flame Clad to Flame Cloak

116 Spider vs Fire Dragon ④

The battle ends, and the Fire Dragon looks down at the sea of magma that's made by itself.

There's the appearance of the subordinate monsters, and there's no appearance of the spider.

The subordinate monsters have "Heat Nullity", but the spider doesn't have it.

There was no reason that it can survive after receiving a direct hit of the Fire Dragon's strongest breath.

Did you thought about that, fool!

A huge drop of poison is generated above the Fire Dragon.

That poison is different from the Weak Poison that covered my body a while ago.

It's the powerful lethal poison, Deadly Spider Poison that has paralysis set to the maximum.

The Fire Dragon was convinced that the battle has ended, and the Deadly Poison hits the Fire Dragon that became defenseless directly.

The lump of huge Deadly Poison breaks through the Flame Cloak's defense and erodes the body.

And then, sickle attack with all my might!

The perfect single hit that aimed at the moment the flame disappeared due to the drop of Deadly Poison.

My whole power is put into the attack.

In other words, the double combo of "Deadly Poison Attack" and "Corrosion Attack"!

The hard scales are torn by corrosion, and the inside is undermined by Deadly Poison.

I think that my strongest physical attack is nasty.

The Fire Dragon raised the voice of pain and falls into the magma.

I follow the thread that I attached on myself quickly and return to the ceiling.

The Fire Dragon should have clearly seen the image of me being killed.

I'm sure that it's confused now.

The whole story of how I survived is easy.

In the first place, I didn't received that guy's breath.

Before that, I didn't even go down to the ground from the ceiling.

The "Heresy Magic LV6" Phantom Dream's effect made it possible.

The trump card no.1 that I have waited to activate it all the time.

Phantom Dream is the magic that shows hallucination.

I cast the magic at the chance when it panics because it's about to swallow the poison generated by "Poison Synthesis".

If the "Heresy Magic" is not fired at such a chance, it would be resisted by "Reverse Scale" and its resistance ability easily.

The Fire Dragon might have saw me going down to the ground, but I was actually clinging to the ceiling.

And, a surprise attack when it became careless because the battle ended.

Before my strongest physical attack, even the Fire Dragon received a large damage.

I also thought about escaping using hallucination for a moment.

But, I must not escape here.

The escaping spider life.

If it's like that, no matter how much time passes, I won't change from the time that my home was burned by that man.

'I will live proudly'.

I won't achieve that aim.

My pride can never be regained.

That's not good.

I'm the Ruler of Pride.

I as the Ruler of Pride must live proudly.

So, I won't escape.

Even if the winning chance is low, as long as the winning chance is not zero, I won't run away.

I will win against the Dragon here.

I will win against the Dragon and say goodbye to the weak me.

That's right, I will win against the hated Dragon.

...?

Hate?

Huh?

Although I thought that the Earth Dragon is scary, I never really hated it.

Huh?

Where does this feeling come from?

Such thing is not worth worrying now.

Even if I gave a huge hit, it doesn't change that I'm in a disadvantageous situation.

After all, my HP is 1.

The state that "Patience" is activated.

It became like this because of the recoil of my attack a while ago and my HP is reduced little by little.

Although the "Corrosion Attack" is strong, the recoil is also huge accordingly.

But, that's not the only damage this time.

The heat of Flame Cloak produce after being extinguished by the poison damages me.

I still have my MP.

In other words, I still won't die.

But, all of the Fire Dragon's attacks are instant death classes.

The Fire Dragon also has received a considerable amount of damage by my single hit, but still, there's reserve strength.

In addition, the monsters that came as reinforcements.

Still a disadvantageous situation.

I avoid the magma and go down to the ground this time.

The Fire Dragon still remains sinking in the magma.

The other monsters have no time to care about me after being crushed by the Fire Dragon's body right after the breath's aftermath.

Now's the chance.

I activate the trump card no.2 that I have prepared ever since the battle starts.

My MP decreases at a ferocious pace.

In my current state, MP consumption is equal to life consumption.

But, this magic has the worth to activate even if I must pay the price.

Right?

Magic-in-charge, No.1, No.2.

｛Yeah!｝

〈Leave it to me!〉

The magic activation using the power of two persons by the "Parallel Will" that leveled up.

No.2 advances the preparation all the time, No.1 turns to assistance and it becomes possible to activate at last.

Now is the time, Open, Hell Gate!

The vicinity darkens.

The enormous darkness that even swallowed the light generated from the magma crawls up from the ground.

That's as if the darkness of Hell that exist underground begin to leak out to the world.

Swallowing the magma, ground, and monsters.

The overflowing darkness swallows everything.

"Abyss Magic LV1" Hell Gate.

The highest rank Dark Magic that informs the beginning of Hell.

It's manifested in this world.

The darkness swallowed everything, converged, sucked into the ground abruptly and disappeared.

That's as if being sealed.

Like the gate of Hell was shut again.

After that, only the worn-out Fire Dragon and me that have remained.

Seriously?

It can even endure that.

But, the Fire Dragon's HP left a little.

Its MP and SP are almost exhausted too.

I'm sure that it used the skill's power to convert it into HP.

Otherwise, there's no explanation that it can endure Hell Gate.

My MP decreased considerably because I used the Hell Gate.

In other words, I'm also worn-out.

Both worn-out.

The battle will be decided by the next attack.

The attack that the Fire Dragon chose is the most primitive attack.

In other words, it was a ramming attack.

Ah, it's the right choice.

In the state that both MP and SP are very limited, it's probably the most effective attack that the Fire Dragon can take.

If it's the Fire Dragon's status and large build, it's the most effective attack.

That is if the opponent is not me.

I'm a spider.

What's the spider's best weapon?

Is it poison? Is it claw? Is it fang?

It's all wrong.

The Fire Dragon's body stops.

By the "Universal Thread" endowed with Fire Resistance.

Even if it's Fire Resistance is endowed, I can only use it for an instant in this middle layer.

But, that's enough.

If it's the Fire Dragon that don't have the Flame Cloak, I can stop it for an instant.

My sickle that swung down there.

Although one side was crushed because of the attack a while ago, both hands have my sickle.

And, my attack with all my might cut the Fire Dragon's body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

117 Dragon Killer

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV15 has become LV16》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『3D-Maneuver LV9』 has become 『3D-Maneuver LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『3D-Maneuver LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Space Maneuver LV1』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV16 has become LV17》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Corrosion Attack LV1』 has become 『Corrosion Attack LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV17 has become LV18》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evasion LV9』 has become 『Evasion LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Probability Correction LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Evasion LV10』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV18 has become LV19》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Accuracy LV9』 has become 『Accuracy LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Probability Correction LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Accuracy LV10』》

《『Probability Correction LV1』 has unified with 『Probability Correction LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Universal Thread LV1』 has become 『Universal Thread LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Title 『Dragon Killer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Dragon Killer』, skill 『Destiny LV1』『Dragon Power LV1』 was acquired》

《『Constitution LV1』 has unified with 『Destiny LV1』》

《『Drake Power LV3』 has unified with 『Dragon Power LV1』》

The voice of heaven echoes, the status disappears from the Fire Dragon's appraisal result and its name changes into 『Corpse of the Fire Dragon』.

When I see it, I finally relaxed.

There's no appearance of the monster in the surroundings.

Although there's a great number of monsters that gathered outside of the range of "Abyss Magic", I was able to confirm the figures running away at top speed when I search using Detection.

Did they ran because the Fire Dragon was defeated? Or, did they ran because they saw the "Abyss Magic"?

Either way, it's a great help for me because I'm tired now.

Although my status recovered completely by level up, I'm mentally tired.

Although this happens every time, it was a hard battle.

Half of my victory is like miracle.

After all, the Fire Dragon's attack can kill me in one hit.

I'm on the verge of death with just a graze by the aftermath.

If I get hit by it directly, it will pierce my "Patience" and instant death.

If I meet the Fire Dragon before my "Parallel Will" level up, it would be dangerous.

"Parallel Will" leveled up, and there are two Magic-in-charge.

Thanks to that, I came to be able to use the "Abyss Magic" that was not usable up until now.

Even if I say it, I used it without any trial this time.

Although I understood that it's a range annihilation-type magic from the magic composition, I'm scared of its destructive power that's more than my expectation.

After all, the ground of about 100 meters in radius and 5 meters in height with me as the center was dented.

Especially, the ground where the darkness converges and sucked became a deep hole.

When I examine it with Detection, the deep hole goes beyond the range of Detection.

Isn't this hole looks like it connects the middle layer and the lower layer?

No, I don't know whether the lower layer is below this or not.

Well, when I look at this hole, I will even think that it connects to the Hell.

As expected from Hell Gate.

If such power is shown, it's obvious that the monsters will run.

However, even though I killed a lot of monsters with this, I don't level up.

If I level up at that timing, I would have some composure.

Was the experience points insufficient?

Hmm.

I think that I killed a lot of monsters though.

Oh, well.

I was able to win somehow.

Ah, but my level rose a lot. 19, huh?

I only need another level to evolve.

So close.

Ah, crap.

［What's wrong, Information-in-charge?］

Because the ground sank by "Abyss Magic", magma is flowing.

｛Eh, seriously?｝

Serious, serious.

Body-in-charge, carry the Fire Dragon's body and withdraw before the magma overflows.

［I have to carry this huge thing!?］

Of course.

［Uwa. It seems that I will get muscular pain］

Thus, I withdraw while carrying the Fire Dragon's body with great efforts.

Although the speed of approaching magma was not fast, it was quite last-minute because I have to carry the Fire Dragon.

I almost sank into the magma.

Then I should have throw the Fire Dragon, but I have defeated it through so many troubles, so not eating it is rude.

Defeat, eat, thank you for the meal!

All these come in a set!

Well, I can't eat the monsters that got swallowed by "Abyss Magic" because they disappeared without a trace.

Fuu.

Well then, Body-in-charge, the custom scale peeling.

［Yay. Brute］

And, I do the custom skill check.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

118 The meaning of killing a Dragon

Now, skill skill.

The proper confirmation of skill is important.

Really important.

Why, you say?

It's because I didn't noticed the resistance endowment of the "Universal Thread" so far!

It's that.

I'm an idiot.

Why did I overlook such an important thing?

One of the effects of "Universal Thread", the resistance endowment is as its name, the effect of my resistance-type skills can be endowed to the thread.

In other words, "Fire Resistance" can be endowed.

It's no use even if I endow abnormal condition-type resistance like the "Poison Resistance", etc, but if I endow something like "Acid Resistance", it will become very strong like the frog.

I found the resistance endowment accidentally when I checked the skills again some time ago.

Yes, I was surprised.

I was surprised that it has such an effect and the careless me who overlook it.

Ah, the thread will have more turns if I found this effect a little earlier.

Even if I say that, it doesn't change the fact that it's easy to burn even with the "Fire Resistance", so its highlights won't increase dramatically.

If you ask me whether it's a help or not, it's probably a help.

I should confirm the newly acquired title and skill now.

As expected from the Dragon.

I never thought that I will get a title just by defeating one.

Now, how's the effect?

『Dragon Killer：Acquisition skill 「Destiny LV1」「Dragon Power LV1」：Acquisition condition：Defeat a Dragon species：Effect：An increase in damage when the opponent is a Drake or Dragon species：Explanation：The title presented to those who defeated the Dragon species』

It looks like the higher rank of "Drake Killer".

The skills are also similar.

『Destiny：A bonus of skill level×100 is added to the HP. And, a growth correction of skill level×10 is added when level up』

『Dragon Power：Dragon's power is temporarily gained』

I did it!

The skill that made up for my low HP was obtained!

Although I'm not so weak thanks to "Patience", having HP is better after all.

I might use my MP like this time too.

Ah, but because the level up this time was earlier. it's slightly a waste to level up for 4 levels.

If the title acquisition came earlier than the level up, I would be more happy with the growth corrections.

Umumu, well, it can't be helped.

I wonder is the "Dragon Power" the evolved skill of "Drake Power".

If it's so, then, I must verify how much is the difference from "Drake Power" later.

This is important.

Very important.

Although "Abyss Magic" was used without trial because I didn't have the time to test it, it's important to confirm the skill's effect after all.

Ah.

"Abyss Magic", huh?

Although I want to test the magic above level 2, the power of this magic is not a joke.

Even the level 1 magic can change the terrain, you know?

Really, what will happen if the level rises?

The MP consumption is also enormous, so it's not a magic that can be used casually.

Even if this place is huge, as long as here is the labyrinth's underground, if I use "Abyss Magic" poorly and the labyrinth collapse, I will suffer from it.

At present, even the level 1 has an outrageous power, so it's a little scary to try the one above it.

I think that I will seal the magic of "Abyss Magic" that are higher than level 2 until I escape from the Elro Great Labyrinth unless a formidable enemy that can't be defeated with Hell Gate appeared.

Next, some skills evolved and derived.

"Probability Correction" is derived from "Evasion" and "Accuracy".

"3D-Maneuver" evolves into "Space Maneuver".

"Probability Correction" is the one that the eel had.

Well, this is as expected because I saw the eel's skill composition.

Because "Evasion" and "Accuracy" have reached max level, I just need to raise "Probability Correction" now.

If I do that, my evasion and accuracy will be raised.

This skill also seems to improve luck.

I will pray for a moment.

I want to live a little more peaceful life.

Yosh.

I think that I'm interested in the "Space Maneuver" that's the evolution of "3D-Maneuver".

Let's see.

『Space Maneuver：Possible to move freely in every space』

Hmm?

It's somehow an amazing explanation, but I don't understand.

Every space?

Like the air?

Can I do a double jump?

This also will be confirmed later.

When the skill evolved, it becomes more usable.

A disappointing skill might evolve and improve unexpectedly, so "Space Maneuver" might be a good skill.

My strategy seems to expand more if I can double jump.

I think that's all.

Un.

My skills have powered up considerably.

But, if only my level rose one more.

A further leap would be possible.

It's so close.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「A Dragon perished? The place is Elro Great Labyrinth, huh? Is it that guy? No, it's different. That guy consents to anti-war. That guy will never move. Then, what? Administrator Authority activate. ... What's this? A Ruler? Furthermore, it's 3? What is this? I don't know such thing like Wisdom. Being able to do such a thing, is it D? But, why? What is this skill? ... It's necessary to confirm it」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

119 Beam from the eyes! I won't do it though

Is the scales not done yet?

［Then, replace me］

But I refuse.

It looks like the scale peeling still need some time.

Meanwhile, let's use the skill points to acquire new Evil Eye.

My level rose 4 times and the skill points have increased to 200, with this, I can acquire the higher rank Evil Eye.

The Evil Eyes that can be acquired at 200 points are

『Evil Eye of Lightning（２００）：Inflicts lightning attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Wind（２００）：Inflicts wind attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Earth（２００）：Inflicts earth attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Heaviness（２００）：Inflicts heavy attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Darkness（２００）：Inflicts dark attribute damage to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Soul Break（２００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Soul Break」 to things that enter your line of sight』

『Evil Eye of Stupefaction（２００）：Inflicts heresy attribute effect 「Stupefaction」 to things that enter your line of sight』

It's like this.

This is the attribute attack-type whereas the Evil Eyes that can be acquired at 100 points were abnormal status-type.

As for the Evil Eyes of the attribute that has bad affinity with me like fire, the points are more higher.

Although the ability of two heresy attributes are nasty, I will pass it again because I will probably learn them sooner or later in "Heresy Magic".

Then, it will be the attribute Evil Eyes, but I don't know which to choose.

Although dark is the most compatible, but I don't want my attributes to be the same.

Although my number of attacks increased a lot now, at the beginning, I only had nothing but thread and poison, so my winning chance disappears when countermeasures of those two are done.

Although I don't think that effective countermeasures can be done against all of my attacks, still, I think that I should have more attacks.

That's why, dark is rejected.

Wind, lightning, earth and heavy have remained.

But, what's the "Evil Eye of Earth"?

How does it work?

I can't imagine it.

Although I feel like wanting to see it, it seems to be useless against flying opponents.

It might not be like that, but there's a possibility.

I will pass the earth.

Three choices.

I'm hesitating.

I think that the wind probably shoot a shock wave-like thing to the guy who entered my line of sight.

Then, isn't it effective to use it as defense?

For example, shooting it to an approaching fireball and offsets it.

Because it's effective to the thing that entered my line of sight, I'm sure that it's possible.

The lightning is completely offensive.

It seems to be the highest power among the three.

Does the lightning comes with paralysis?

if it comes with it, then the paralysis rate will increase if I use it with "Evil Eye of Paralysis".

The possibility of no paralysis seems to be higher though.

Heaviness is probably gravity.

This one looks like a continuation-type whereas the others are single-shot attack-types.

I think that it raises the opponent's gravity.

I'm hesitating because there are merits in all of them.

Hmm.

Yosh, I decided it!

《Currently you have 200 skill points.

The skill 『Evil Eye of Heaviness』 can be acquired by spending 200 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

Yes.

《『Evil Eye of Heaviness』 was acquired. Remaining skill point 0》

The one I chose after hesitating is "Evil Eye of Heaviness".

I choose this because I thought that I can obstruct my opponent's movement if I use this.

My opponent's movement is slowed with "Evil Eye of Heaviness", weakened with "Evil Eye of Curse" and completely seal my opponent's movement with "Evil Eye of Paralysis".

The Evil Eyes triple play is completed here!

Thus, I made the Evil Eyes to stop my opponent's movement.

My other weapons are comparatively enhanced.

When the time comes, I can just acquire a suitable magic skill at 100 points.

Huh?

Isn't that better?

Although I'm very obsessed with the Evil Eyes, my status is a magic specialized status, right?

Isn't it better to acquire magic skills?

Of course not.

I will keep it that way.

It's not because I yearn to deploy 8 Evil Eyes at the same time.

It's not that case.

Well, either way, I will save my points for a while.

I don't know how many points I will get in the evolution bonus.

I will change the correspondence a little according to the amount.

If it's a lot, I might put skills that need a lot of points like "Sloth" in my list.

Well then.

The reason why I chose "Evil Eye of Heaviness" is not only because it has an advantage in combat.

With the meaning to test it, Evil Eye activate!

［Gue. What are you doing, Information-in-charge!?］

I tried putting gravity on myself.

［It's heavy!］

I thought of what am I lacking of? And, that's muscle!

［This guy started to talk］

That Z Fighters train with many times of gravity, and they obtain the power to be able to defeat the approaching powerful enemies! (TL note: Dragon Ball)

［Ah. Although I understand what you are saying, it's a hindrance while I'm scale peeling］

There's no meaning if you don't accustom it.

｛Sounds good, do your best, Body-in-charge!｝

〈Aim to overcome the 1000 times gravity!〉

［I'll die!］

Thus, it was decided that gravity will always be applied on myself.

Un.

It looks like this Evil Eye has the effect as I thought.

Raise the gravity of the thing that enters my line of sight.

If I continue to apply this on myself regularly, I'm sure that the Evil Eye's skill proficiency and my physical status will increase.

If things go well, the "Herculean Strength" skill might rise.

Although it's only a little heavy now because it's still level 1, it will become a considerable burden if its level rises.

If I release my gravity during battle, I can do a limiter release.

Sounds good.

At that time, I want to shout 「Restriction Release!」 by all means.

My voice won't come out though.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

120 Administrator

［I removed the scales!］

Well done.

｛I will praise you｝

〈Well, passing mark, I guess〉

［Why are you guys such self-important?］

Body-in-charge has finally finished peeling off the scales.

I can finally eat the Fire Dragon.

Now, I wonder how's the taste of the Fire Dragon.

There's reaction in my Space Perception.

Distortion of space?

Although it's my first experience, I understand it somehow.

This is Transfer.

Something is going to teleport towards here.

I can't interfere it.

In the first place, with my "Space Magic" level, I can never be able to interfere the person's teleport who can manipulate such advanced space.

The guy who's trying to teleport himself here is good at handling the "Space Magic" according to the distortion of space that I perceived.

That guy is far higher than me if only in "Space Magic".

And, the biggest problem is the opponent uses magic.

In other words, it has the wisdom to use magic.

Up until now, there was no monster that used magic.

The Fire Dragon that was defeated is inexperienced even if it has the skill.

After all, the Fire Dragon didn't activate magic at all.

If you say it's natural, it's natural.

There's a troublesome action to construct the magic in order to use it.

It's necessary to have the wisdom to do it.

In case of the Fire Dragon, it was much more effective to make a fireball rather than constructing a magic.

Although there might be a species that can use magic in the monsters, there are simple skills that are stronger than magic.

But, the guy who's trying to teleport now can handle the construction of the complicated magic.

That means that guy has a firm intention and tries to come here.

What for?

There's only me here.

If that's the case, I think that the aim must be me.

Such carefree thing like transferring to this place accidentally is unthinkable.

I conclude it like that with "Thought Acceleration".

I put myself on guard.

The space splits and a man appears.

It's a black man.

There's nothing more to express about him, but black.

The slim armor that looks like it combined with the body.

The skin of the face that's the only skin that can be seen is also dark.

The hair is also black.

However, the eyes are strangely red.

I realize it at the moment I saw the man's figure.

I can't win.

It's a different level.

And, the thing that proves it.

『Impossible to appraise』

Those words.

But, there's no sense of danger somehow.

On the contrary, a sense of intimacy rises in the man somehow.

And a somewhat irritating strange sense.

Why?

This should be the first meeting with the black man.

When such a strange existence appears suddenly, I shouldn't have such feelings if it's me.

What are these feelings?

「＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊？」

The man says something.

But, it's a language that I don't know.

I tilt my head to the side unintentionally.

「＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋＋？」

The man says something again.

No, please speak in Japanese.

Otherwise, I won't understand.

I can't speak different world language. (TL note: アイキャントスピークイセカイゴ. Just putting it here)

The man frowns.

Hmm.

For the time being, it seems that this man has no intention to oppose me right now.

But, what should I do?

To be frank, I can't understand the man's speech, and even if I can understand it, I can't talk.

Although it might be possible to communicate in writing, I can only write Japanese.

Either way, mutual understanding is impossible.

I'm troubled.

It seems that the man is also perplexed somehow.

Something fell between the man and me in the atmosphere that's not possible to say anything.

It was a smartphone.

Huh?

No no.

I don't even know why is there a smartphone, but in the first place, how did it appear in front of me?

This appeared suddenly without getting caught by my Detection, you know?

『Hello. This is Administrator D』

A voice was suddenly heard from the smartphone.

Moreover, it's double.

One is Japanese, and the other one is a language that I never heard before.

Ah, no, is it the language that the man spoke a while ago?

「＊＊＊＊＊＊＊！？」

Ah, the man is saying something with the feeling of surprise.

That means, the other language is this world's language that the one that the man spoke.

『Yes. I'm D. Kumo-san, please wait for a moment』

Ah, yes.

I wait because I was told to wait for a moment.

The voice of the smartphone is speaking to the man in the different world language.

The voice of the smartphone is a woman's voice.

Although it's a wonderful sweet voice, I become extremely uneasy when hearing it.

It's such a voice.

It's also scary that there's no feeling in the flat tone at all.

What's this?

The man's expression changes whenever the talk advances.

Although it's not an exaggerated change, the middle of his forehead wrinkled and opens his eyes wide lightly.

And then, the man lets out a grand sigh and turns around suddenly.

And, he teleport himself with "Space Magic" just like that.

Only me and the mysterious smartphone remained.

『I'm sorry to have kept you waiting. Because I have talked to him, he won't get involved with you by himself in the future』

Ah, is that so?

Rather than that, who are you?

『I'm D』

Ah, yes.

!?

Wait a minute!?

Did you read my mind just now!?

『Yes. I read it』

It's a violation of privacy!

『Because you can't talk, it's a temporary measure. Usually, I won't read until the mind』

Until the mind... That means my actions were observed?

『I don't prefer calling it as observing. Spectating is more fitting』

It's all the same.

In short, you are a stalker.

『That's right. Because I won't get tired looking at you』

D, I remembered it.

It's the name that I heard when I acquired "Wisdom".

『Yes. That's a reward to you who's working hard. I'm glad that you are using it effectively』

What is your purpose?

『It's just an entertainment』

Huh?

『It's just an entertainment. There are no any further meaning and purpose』

Are you serious?

『Yes. After all, I'm the world's worst Evil God』

... This person is not good.

Seriously dangerous.

It was not an imagination that my body trembled just by hearing the talk since a while ago.

This person is a genuine Evil God.

She only feels that my life is an entertainment to be used until the end.

『Although you said it in a terrible way, it's not wrong』

Was this world made for your entertainment?

『That's wrong. If I'm seen from the world, I'm an outsider』

What do you mean?

『I won't tell you any further. If I tell you, it will become uninteresting』

Making me as a toy.

『Yes. Therefore, struggle to the utmost from now on and entertain me. There might be an answer that you are seeking for over there』

Saying such thing as you please.

『See you later』

The smartphone disappears.

Without feeling any change of space.

That was the meeting with the Administrator D and the Administrator called Kuro

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ex-3: Extra Bestiary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Extra Bestiary ③

Author note: To commemorate the total of 150 chapters

『Anogratch　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１４０／１４０（Green）

ＭＰ：３０／３０（Blue）

ＳＰ：１００／１００（Yellow）

：９０／９０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１００

Average Defensive Ability：８５

Average Magic Ability：２５

Average Resistance Ability：３０

Average Speed Ability：１００

Skill

「Throw LV1」 「Accuracy LV1」 「3D-Maneuver LV1」 「Cooperation LV5」 「Anger LV8」 「Revenge」』

Also known as monkey. It has the unique skill called "Revenge". It's called as the revenge monkey from the fact that it will attack those who harm it's comrades persistently. The breeding season exists, so the damage when the numbers increased becomes serious. While the individual danger degree is D, it's a dangerous monster that can be ranked as S according to the scale of troop. The individual inhabit in the Elro Great Labyrinth has the "Night Vision" originally. By the way, the troop that Kumoko defeat in the story is the smallest scale.

『Bugragratch　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：６００／６００（Green）

ＭＰ：１００／１００（Blue）

ＳＰ：５８８／５８８（Yellow）

：５６４／５６４（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５５９

Average Defensive Ability：５３１

Average Magic Ability：９７

Average Resistance Ability：１０６

Average Speed Ability：５４８

Skill

「Throw LV6」 「Accuracy LV6」 「3D-Maneuver LV6」 「Cooperation LV6」 「Overeating LV1」 「Rest LV1」』

Also know as huge monkey. The evolved form of Anogratch that has a huge crocodile-like mouth. However, the "Revenge" skill and the "Rage" skill are lost by evolving somehow. It's a strange species that loses skills by evolving. Because "Revenge" was lost, even if it's defeated, it's comrades won't attack in great numbers. It might get mixed in the large troop of Anogratch once in a while, but it won't cooperate with them. The individual danger degree is C that's near B. It's an unusual species that it's said that it's pre-evolution is more dangerous. It's said that the skills were lost because of species preservation, but the truth is uncertain.

『Elro Generush　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１３２／１３２（Green）

ＭＰ：１０６／１０６（Blue）

ＳＰ：１２８／１２８（Yellow）

：１２８／１２８（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：７０

Average Defensive Ability：７０

Average Magic Ability：６８

Average Resistance Ability：６７

Average Speed Ability：７３

Skill

「Fire Drake LV1」 「Accuracy LV1」 「Swim LV1」 「Heat Nullity」』

Also known as seahorse. It's a monster that has the appearance of a seahorse that has limbs grown. Low rank Drake species. Usually, it swims in the magma and looks for food. Although it will lose to any monster in the middle layer, it will shoot fireball to the intruders from the upper layer and lower layer. However, it's a muscle-brain, so when its MP is exhausted, it will rush physically. Reckless. But, it will run away if the opponent is too strong. Danger degree, D.

『Elro Piek　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１３０／１３０（Green）

ＭＰ：１３０／１３０（Blue）

ＳＰ：１４１／１４１（Yellow）

：１４９／１４９（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１０２

Average Defensive Ability：９６

Average Magic Ability：９５

Average Resistance Ability：９３

Average Speed Ability：１０６

Skill

「Enhanced Smell LV3」 「Fire Attack LV1」 「Heat Nullity」』

Also known as red dog. An appearance of a red dog. Comparatively lovely. Uses the sense of smell to find its prey like a dog. But, it burns brightly when attacking. It's not cute at that time. Danger degree, D.

『Elro Geneseven　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：３９０／３９０（Green）

ＭＰ：１５０／１５０（Blue）

ＳＰ：１４８／１４８（Yellow）

：３９５／３９５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２９６

Average Defensive Ability：２５６

Average Magic Ability：９１

Average Resistance Ability：８８

Average Speed Ability：８９

Skill

「Fire Drake LV2」 「Dragon Scale LV1」 「Accuracy LV6」 「Swim LV5」 「Overeating LV1」 「Heat Nullity」』

Also known as catfish. It's a monster that has the appearance of a catfish that has limbs grown. Low rank Drake species. The evolved form of the seahorse. Swallows everything with its huge mouth. Changes into coward after evolving. It will run away even if the opponent is only a little stronger. It's always aimed by a certain spider because it's delicious. Danger degree, C.

『Elro Generave　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：９８０／９８０（Green）

ＭＰ：４９０／４９０（Blue）

ＳＰ：８８０／８８０（Yellow）

：９５０／９５０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：８８１

Average Defensive Ability：８０９

Average Magic Ability：４４４

Average Resistance Ability：４２１

Average Speed Ability：５７３

Skill

「Fire Drake LV4」 「Dragon Scale LV5」 「Enhanced Fire LV1」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV1」 「Probability Correction LV1」 「High-speed Swim LV2」 「Overeating LV5」 「Heat Nullity」 「Life LV3」 「Agility LV1」 「Endurance LV3」 「Powerful LV1」 「Sturdy LV1」』

Also known as eel. It's a monster that has the appearance of a eel that has limbs grown. Medium rank Drake species. The evolved form of the catfish. It can shoot out a powerful fireball attack that can't be compared with the low rank Drakes. It's physical abilities are also high, so it's purely strong. It also has the thinking ability to judge the situation. Although it's not a coward like the catfish, when the opponent is a higher rank, it might withdraw. In addition, it's also aimed by a certain spider because it's delicious like the catfish. Danger degree, B.

『Elro Debegiad　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：８８／８８（Green）

ＭＰ：３３／３３（Blue）

ＳＰ：７０／７０（Yellow）

：６０／６０（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：５０

Average Defensive Ability：４２

Average Magic Ability：１９

Average Resistance Ability：１５

Average Speed Ability：３８

Skill

「Swim LV1」 「Heat Nullity」』

Also known as round insect. It's a monster that has an appearance like a round globe with four feet. Its status is also low, and it's only weapon is ramming attack, so it's very weak. However, it will escape into the magma as soon as it perceives danger. Danger degree, E.

『Elro Geafrog　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：８０／８０（Green）

ＭＰ：７０／７０（Blue）

ＳＰ：６５／６５（Yellow）

：６５／６５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：６４

Average Defensive Ability：５５

Average Magic Ability：４２

Average Resistance Ability：４２

Average Speed Ability：４０

Skill

「Poison Synthesis LV2」 「Acid Attack LV2」 「Shoot LV3」 「Swim LV1」 「Night Vision LV7」 「Poison Resistance LV2」 「Acid Resistance LV2」 「Heat Nullity」』

Also known as frog's evolved form. The alias as it is. The evolved form of the frog that inhabits in the upper layer to adjust the middle layer's environment. Therefore, neither its status nor skills have strengthened dramatically. Danger degree, D.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

121 Let's forget about it quickly

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

Bitter.

Very bitter.

It's bitter, a little sweet, and a sad taste.

Good morning.

Although I don't know whether it's morning or not, I was able to wake up safely today.

Unfortunately, the very useful "Parallel Will" can't be used to sleep by turns.

No matter how many wills there are, there's only one body.

That's why, if my body sleeps, my consciousness will also fall.

This only can't be helped.

Yesterday, after I talked with D who's a Evil God, I was absentminded for a while.

Although I was able to confirm the existence when I acquired "Wisdom", I never thought that she would talk to me like that.

Well, the only thing that I understand about her is that she is seriously dangerous.

Un.

I understood the thing that I didn't understand.

The mysteries increased instead.

Smartphone, fluent Japanese, black man.

Although I don't know who's that black man, I think that he's a man in this world.

He talked to D in the mysterious language, so I think that it's probably the language of this world.

But, if it's like that, there's a question.

Why can D speak Japanese fluently?

In the first place, it's strange that there's a smartphone.

No matter how I look at it, that was a smartphone.

Although I don't know what's the technological level of this world, even if it's on the same level, it's hard to think that a smartphone can be made exactly the same in such a different world.

Then, is that smartphone a product from Earth?

When thinking that, I can understand why D can speak Japanese fluently.

She is in Japan.

Although I don't know whether she's in Japan now or not, I'm sure that she has been in Japan.

Come to think of it, the voice of heaven and the appraisal result, both are in Japanese.

I should have feel weird towards the Japanese that's used in this world naturally.

Because I only know Japanese, I was convinced that it's matching me, but it's probably wrong.

D sets to Japanese.

The suspicious one is the mysterious garbled text skill.

This skill might have the function to translate the different world language into Japanese.

Ah, if it's like that, I should have been able to understand the black man's talk, so it's wrong.

But, the system-related sound and display are made Japanese.

It seems probable.

Various secrets might be compressed in this skill.

Although it's good until there, I don't understand any further.

What's the existence called Administrator? Does she really look at me only as an entertainment?

I don't know.

Hmm.

It's no good.

It's getting complicated.

This is not like me.

Here, I should be as the usual me, things that I don't know are left unknown.

Although I don't know whether she's a Evil God or not, if it's only peeping, there's no harm.

I don't intend to live an embarrassing live.

Ah, I'm sorry.

Exclude the part where my buttocks caught fire.

Well, whatever her motives are, I'm am me.

I should live like me from now on.

That's right.

Let's do that.

Let's forget D for the time being.

Because she said that the black man won't get involved, it's fine to forget it.

Ah, but D said that she gave the "Wisdom" skill as a reward.

Maybe, I should say my thanks to her there.

... Oh, well.

If she come again, let's say it at that time.

She said 'later'.

Well then, let's restart the exploration.

Yesterday, Body-in-charge ate the Fire Dragon while I was absentminded.

The taste is like adding the whitefish and chicken, then divided by 2.

It was delicious.

But, after all, I want seasoning.

Although it's more delicious than the unappetizing monsters up until now, it's a little unsatisfying.

Ah, since I ate the catfish, I ate a lot of delicious things, so my desire might have came out.

Although the taste was such feeling, the amount was a considerable volume.

To the extent that my SP that the stock had decreased considerably in the mortal combat became full.

Because it was a waste, I consume my SP to gain skill proficiency and while I'm at it, I ate the remainder.

If the level of "Space Magic" rises, will I learn an item box-like magic?

Although I thought that it was unnecessary at first, if I meet a big thing again, it's hard to finish eating everything.

Because I don't want to leave it, it would be convenient if I can take the part that I can't eat finish.

By the way, Shadow Sink can't become the substitution for the item box.

If a thing is put into that, it can't be moved.

It's really a strange magic.

I mean, the "Shadow Magic" itself is quite strange.

Both offensive ability and the utility.

It's also troublesome that it's a late bloomer that it needs to become level 6 to be useful.

Besides, while saying that it's a late bloomer, the flower bloomed is strange.

Will the "Shadow Magic" derives or evolves into "Dark Magic" when it becomes level 10?

It will probably become it, but judging from me who has already acquired the highest rank "Dark Magic" , I don't feel much charm.

Well, the "Abyss Magic" has the weakness of can't be used casually because of it's high power, so it's a welcome to get magic that has moderate firepower.

However, because I have defeat the Fire Dragon, it might have really became that there's no enemy in the middle layer.

Let's break through the middle layer with this condition.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

122 Flying flying flying

Fufufu.

Kufufufufu.

Uhehehehehe.

Ah, I can't stop grinning.

Now I feel like I can even fly.

Physically.

What I'm trying to say is that the new skill evolved from the "3D-Maneuver" skill, "Space Maneuver" was considerably high spec.

I can do a wall run or a jump without relying on "3D-Maneuver" because I'm a spider, so it was useless, but "Space Maneuver" is different.

This skill makes aerial double jump possible!

As for how it feels, it's like an invisible footing appears in the air temporarily.

By kicking this footing, I became to be able to move freely in the air.

In the eel battle before evolution, I almost died because I didn't have enough mobility on the ceiling.

Although it became better after my status rose because of evolution, I recognize it again that I need air mobility when fighting with the Fire Dragon.

Even if I can fight with threads in the air, it won't go any further than that.

In that case, I can't fight against opponents that can fly like the Fire Dragon.

That's why, I even used one of my trump cards which is the Genjutsu in the Fire Dragon battle to avoid air battle.

But, if I have this "Space Maneuver", the problem is solved.

Rather than the normal flying with wings, because I make use of my speed that's my characteristic, it can be said that my aerial combat ability increased at a dash.

I seem to be able to fight with the bee in the air now.

Having said that, aerial mobility is not versatile.

There are some weaknesses or perhaps I should say, defects.

First of all, red SP is consumed to activate.

Well, this can't be helped.

If such a convenient skill can be activated without consumption, it would be like a Balance Breaker. (TL note: High School DxD!!??)

It may become the natural enemy of flying guys.

If possible, I would prefer it to consume my excessive MP, but I shouldn't be luxurious.

Thus, I can't keep flying endlessly.

It looks like the degree of the consumption is proportional to the time of the footing is formed.

So, the most efficient is to make the footing for an instant and jump.

On the contrary, my SP will decrease at a ferocious pace when I stand still on the footing absentmindedly.

It decreases to the extent that I might starved to death.

Next is the footing is comparatively fragile.

I think that it's probably because of the low skill level.

If it's my current full speed, the footing will be pierced when I kick it.

When I kick it full power, I will drop because of the footing being pierced rather that advancing forward.

Of course when I'm in full speed condition and I land on the footing, it will still be pierced.

Therefore, I must drop my speed in the air.

Because I have tested it several times, I grasped the how much speed that I need to drop to prevent piercing it.

It was good because it's experimenting, but if this is used without testing in a combat, I will become defenseless at the moment I pierce it.

Verification is really important.

If this is said as can't be helped, it sure is, but I can't do anything but to expect the footing becomes firm when the skill level rises.

I think it will become like that if its level rises, and I want it to be able to endure my top speed as early as possible.

But, because I want to save my SP as much as possible, it's hard that I can't do my usual skill proficiency gaining.

Ah, it would be really good if it consumes MP.

Everything is because of the small fries hiding inside the magma.

Like this, I can neither eat nor gain experience points.

Even though I just need 1 level to evolve, that 1 level is endlessly far.

Although I think that my level will rise sooner or later if I defeat the monsters on the land continuously, the experience points gained from small fries don't worth much.

Thanks to Wisdom-sama, I know the necessary experience points to level up.

When I appraised the 'level', the necessary experience points to the next level is displayed.

Although I always checked it after fighting, it looks like the experience points gained is proportional to the opponent's strength.

If it's the seahorse, it's considerably few.

If it's the catfish, it's normal.

If it's the eel, it's somewhat a lot.

Fire Drake is a lot.

Fire Dragon is an extremely large amount.

Like that.

My strength is unrelated, and it looks like there's a fixed experience points depending on the opponent's strength.

If it's the game, the experience points gained from the small fries decreases according to the player's strength.

So, if I think from the current data, the necessary experience points to my next level up is six eels.

It's to the extent that even if I defeat the Fire Drake, it still won't be enough.

The level that I will feel depressed when I convert it into the small fries.

If I can defeat the eel of the Fire Drake, it will be quick, but I only saw one Fire Drake in the lake of magma, and the eel is considerably rare.

I can't find the figure like it even if I search with the Detection.

In addition, even if I found it, I think that it won't come out from the magma.

It's not like the eel and the catfish that they won't challenge an opponent that they can't win.

On the contrary, if it's the Fire Drake, it might attack me.

Although it might be only that Fire Drake in that lake of magma has that personality, if the Fire Drake species is belligerent, I might be able to eat it together with its subordinates if things go well.

Well, that's only if there's one.

Fire Dragon?

Like I can fight against such monster carelessly.

Even if you say that I won, it's a higher rank than me.

I don't want to do it again because winning it previously was something like a miracle.

Well, I have no choice but to hunt small fries little by little and go one step at a time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

123 I obtained the Dragon Power! Uhahahaha!

I see the front from the shadow of the rock quietly.

At the land considerably far ahead, about seven monsters gathered there.

Valuable food and experience points.

That monster is the red dog.

Although it's a red colored dog, it has nothing to do with a certain Marine higher-up.

(TL note: Akainu!!!)

The red dogs are spending their time playing around and sleeping.

But, that dog has sharp sense of smell because it's dog, and it will noticed before I approach it.

For the time being, "Intimidation" off.

Although I noticed it, the effect of "Stealth" slightly returns when I turn off "Intimidation".

I become hard to be noticed by my opponent.

Well, as long as I have the Fear Bringer title, I can never hide completely.

It's just that even if I turn off "Intimidation", I became a little hard to be noticed.

Because the red dogs' enemy searching ability is high, I'm now using "Telephoto" to look at them so that I don't get noticed, but they will noticed sooner or later if I approach them.

Then, they will run away naturally.

The red dogs don't have the "Swim" skill.

So it can't escape to the magma.

But, it will be troublesome if they scatter and run.

Although I don't intend to let even one to get away, if they run to the opposite direction, unnecessary labor is needed.

I must hunt them well so that it won't happen.

Fumu.

Here, I should test that skill that I obtained some time ago in combat.

Thus, Dragon Install!

"Dragon Power" activate.

Ah, by the way, "Magic Combat Act" has been activated.

My status skyrockets at that moment.

I begin to run to the red dogs with my enhanced speed.

Although the red dogs notice my existence on the way, it's already late.

I brandish my sickles and decapitate two heads quickly.

I go around the two that try to run away, and decapitate their head similarly.

The remaining three try to run to the opposite direction, I release a breath immediately.

As planned, the breath collides with the ground in front of the red dogs, and cause an intense explosion.

The red dogs were overturned by the shock.

I finish them off without missing that chance.

Mission complete.

Fu.

This kind of thing is easy for me.

Well then, I will eat it while it's fresh.

Fufufu.

"Dragon Power", as expected of Dragon Power.

The rise of status that can't be compared with the "Drake Power".

Although it's incredible with that alone, "Dragon Power" has two additional effects.

One is breath.

Only at the time "Dragon Power" is activated, I can release a breath.

There are two kinds of breath that can be released that are the single-shot-type like the fireball and the annihilation-type wide range breath.

Unfortunately, the power is not so high.

As expected, I can hold a part of the Dragon's power, but I'm far behind the original Dragon.

Well, even if I say that, it's enough because it has the power approximately the same as the eel.

The reason why I never let the red dogs receive it directly is because I thought that they will vanish if they receive it directly.

There's no way I will let my precious meat to vanish.

By the way, this breath seems to become the user's most suitable attribute. In my case, my breath is a composition of poison and dark attribute.

Dark attribute bring forth pure destructive power, and poison attribute erodes the opponent.

When thinking about it, although it will lose to a real Dragon in destructive power, it might win in the nastiness.

The second one is the same effect as "Dragon Scale", the power to obstruct magic.

This also don't have the effect like the original Dragon, but I think that it can at least attenuate the power.

Because there's no monster that uses magic, I can't test it.

My status rises purely, my weapon is done, and my defense also increased.

Although it's such a wonderful skill, there's a defect that the consumption is significant.

Although it was the same as the "Drake Power" that it consumes SP and MP, the consumption increased.

MP is fine.

But, the decrease of SP is not fine.

Although I used it this time to try it out, the cost is too high to use it in a small fry battle.

It's a anti-boss class skill.

Hmm.

Recently, my use of SP became plenty.

Although it's fine for normal activities, if I think to gain skill proficiency, it's not enough.

"Space Maneuver", "Dragon Power" and "Magic Combat Act".

It would be fine if I have the Automatic SP Recovery, but there's no such thing.

I have eat my meal obediently.

Compared with that, I have excess MP.

I activate "Magic Combat Act" while moving, and Magic-in-charge No.1 and No.2 use magic continuously, but still, it's only to the extent that the consumption is slightly higher that the recovery.

No matter how much effort I put to consume it, when I wake up from my sleep, "Oh, wow, complete recovery".

Although I can use the magic that has a lot of consumption like the "Abyss Magic", if I do that, a natural disaster will occur in my surroundings in the labyrinth.

That's bad.

That's definitely the collapse flag.

Besides, I'm concentrating in raising the level of the lowest level magic that I have which is the "Space Magic" now.

"Space Magic" became level 2.

As expected, this skill demanded a lot of skill points, so the level up is more slower than the other magic skills.

The magic learned at level 2 is Coordinates Fixation.

It's a magic that only fix the selected range of the level 1 Coordinates Specification.

Even if I say fixation, it only stops the line that appeared by the Coordinates Specification, so it has no material influence at all.

This is also the same as Coordinates Specification that it's a preliminary step to use the higher level magic.

However, while Coordinates Specification was not useful at all, this Coordinates Fixation is useful.

I can shoot magics and skills to the fixed coordinates.

In this case, the hit rate to the coordinates is 100%.

Now that my "Accuracy" skill has reached the max level, I don't think that it's needed, but it's better than nothing.

I want it to level faster and learn Teleport.

Because my MP is superfluous, do your best, Magic-in-charge No.1 and No.2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

124 Upper layer, I have returned!

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

Like pulling a thread.

Slowly and carefully.

Chew it like taking a sip.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Satiation LV2』 has become 『Satiation LV3』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Divinity Area Expansion LV4』 has become 『Divinity Area Expansion LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV8』 has become 『Taboo LV9』》

I increase my pace and continue advancing for several days.

When I see the auto map drawn by Wisdom-sama, it's understood that I have moved a considerable distance.

Apparently, this middle layer is meandering between the upper layer and the lower layer, and covered the whole thoroughly.

Although it's good that it's a one main path unlike the upper layer, it's a very long path to the extent that I'm amazed.

Although I found several passages for Mother and pits, of course I didn't approach it.

I must not get carried away just because I defeated the Fire Dragon.

I still don't think that I can defeat Mother.

Rather than that, that the mysterious attack fired when I saw it in the middle layer, I start to think that it's the breath of "Dragon Power".

Although this is only a guess, if it's that Mother, it shouldn't be strange that it has "Dragon Power".

Then, that means Mother has already achieved the Dragon Killer.

Hahha.

Like I can win.

Like I will approach the place where such thing might wander around.

Along the way, I advanced without meeting any danger-like danger.

Not only Fire Dragon, but there's even no Fire Drake.

After all, generally, the monsters' level in the middle layer falls considerably than the lower layer.

Strong monsters might not grow up because of that.

Although some eel-like shadows was detected, they didn't come out from the magma.

I shot the breath and magics, but it only made them to stay in there even more.

The catfish is also the same.

I mean, even the seahorse that comes attacking me irritatingly runs away at the moment it saw me.

Although it's possible to release a breath before it noticed to get one kill, if I do that, the consumption is huge and the corpse doesn't remains.

Even if it remains, it's useless because it will only sink into the magma.

Then, I can't get my meal.

Although it becomes experience points, when thinking about cost-effectiveness, I don't want to do it.

That's why I only defeat the monster that gone up to the land by chance.

And, if I don't consume my SP uselessly, it can last.

I saved the experience points little by little, and if I compared it with the time I fought the Fire Dragon, it became almost half.

But still, it's half.

The distance until evolution is far.

Because I advanced while suppressing the consumption of my SP, SP related skills didn't rose too much.

Well, it can't be helped.

Although I don't need to save this much if I can eat as much as I want, I make sure that I have enough SP so that I'm fine even if I meet a formidable enemy like the Fire Dragon.

Even if it's not so, I may starve normally if there's no monster on the land.

I can't consume my SP inconstantly.

The MP related rose considerably instead.

Every magics, "Poison Synthesis", "Magic Combat Act", and every Evil Eyes.

As for magic, "Shadow Magic" became level 10.

As expected, the derived skill was "Dark Magic".

Because the "Shadow Magic" is still strange even though it has reached max level, I think that I will train the "Dark Magic" from now on.

Although "Space Magic" rose fairly well, Teleport is still not learned.

Although there's no need to rush because it's rising steadily, the growth is slower than the other magics, so it makes me anxious.

"Poison Synthesis" and "Poison Magic" have reached max level too.

Should I say it as unexpected? The derived skills are similar types that are "Medicine Synthesis" and "Treatment Magic".

Is it that?

That poison can also become medicine.

At any rate, I have finally obtained a recovery means.

Up until now, because I have relied on automatic recovery and level up to recover, it's great that I can recover wounds by myself.

Well, the level is still low, and the effect can't be confirmed yet because I'm not in a HP decreasing situation.

I think that I will try reducing my HP when I have the time sooner or later.

"Heresy Magic" also reached max level.

And, the derived skill of this guy was a big problem.

It was "Taboo".

Fortunately, the level didn't rose, but I thought that my heart was going to stop.

No, although it didn't rose at that time, it became level 9 before I know.

One more to max level.

This might be slightly dangerous.

Some Evil Eyes have reached max level too.

"Evil Eye of Curse" evolved into "Evil Eye of Grudge".

This Evil Eye, the decreased HP, etc, by the curse are returned to me.

Because the pure offensive ability rises, the effect is absolutely higher than before evolution.

Although I can't absorb the status, it's great that I can absorb the SP.

Absorb with the Evil Eye, and the effect is accelerated by the meal!

"Evil Eye of Paralysis" also evolved into "Evil Eye of Stasis".

It looks like this not only has the paralysis, it has the attribute that's close to time stop.

The monster that trembled by the paralysis became stationary suddenly with this Evil Eye.

I think that it probably the attribute is a mix of paralysis and an attribute that I don't know.

Because there's no similar attribute even if I see the skill list, there's no positive proof.

Well, because my win is decided when my opponent caught it as usual, it simply became stronger.

Although "Evil Eye of Heaviness" rose, as expected, it didn't reached max level.

I acquired a resistance called "Heavy Resistance" instead because I continued putting it on me all the time.

However, it was a miscalculation that acquiring made my muscle training efficiency fall.

Lastly, "Telephoto".

This evolved into "Clairvoyance".

As for the effect, it has an enhanced effect of "Telephoto", and the see-through effect is added.

I can see the scenery behind the wall.

However, it's slightly different from the "Clairvoyance" that I heard that it can see everywhere in the world.

It's simply an extension of "Telephoto".

A certain thing reflected in that "Clairvoyance" a while ago.

The long slope to the top.

It was long.

I had a terrible experience until here.

Finally, I can relax.

It's time to say farewell to this ridiculously hot place.

I'm home, Upper Layer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

125 Deep fried!

I have returned, upper layer!

Finally, finally, I have returned!

Ah, because the middle layer life was long, I missed this upper layer's comfortable atmosphere.

It's so wonderful when it's not hot!

I taste the impression of returning to the upper layer for a while.

It was really long until here.

I got chased by the snake and I fall into the lower layer.

Fight with the bees.

Roared by the Earth Dragon.

Wander around the lower layer that's full of powerful monsters.

Attacked by the monkeys.

When I thought that I finally escape from the lower layer, the middle layer is a Burning Hell.

When I'm preparing my middle layer capture, the Earth Dragon roared at me again.

When I started my middle layer capture, the greatest enemy called the magma blocks me.

The catfish is a delicacy.

The eel is a formidable enemy.

Mother wanders around aimlessly.

The Fire Drake comes in great numbers.

The Fire Dragon was ridiculously strong.

Huh?

Why am I alive?

I wonder what's the meaning of being alive.

I'm alive!

Well then, because I have achieved my biggest objective that was to reached the upper layer, what should I do from now on?

Several days after returning to the upper layer.

I spread my nest near the middle layer's entrance.

Ah, this.

This is what I have wanted.

A wonderful My Home.

I don't need to worry about it getting burned and I can sleep soundly.

After all, the life with threads calms me down.

Ah, happiness.

Although I looked around the surroundings in this several days, there's no monster that seems to be strong in the vicinity.

Even if it's the same upper layer, the place where I am now is almost the other side of the place where I was at the beginning.

It's so far that it seems that Honshu of Japan can enter between the distance completely.

I wonder will the ecology change to that extent when it's far because there was monster that I'm not familiar with.

But, I was relieved a little because there's the monster as before.

Like the frog.

Although the vicinity of the entrance to the middle layer is considerably wide, it branches into narrow passage when advancing advancing forward from there.

Therefore, there's no large monster in the vicinity.

Well, although it's not necessarily that large equals to strong, the strong monsters that I have seen so far are mostly large.

On the contrary, there's not much small guys that are strong.

When thinking so, am I who's strong and small rare?

Even if it's a small and weak guy, it might come in crowd like the centipede and the monkey, so I can't be careless.

If it's the current me, I can eradicate them with "Abyss Magic", but when I think of using it in such a complicated cave-formed place, I can only see the future of a great collapse.

I guess I will have to substitute it with Poison Mist.

Well, at present, there's no monster that has such threat.

Because there's no refuge called the magma, the monster can't escape from me.

Although I feel that the number of monsters that I encounter decreases as days pass, this is surely an imagination!

And, I think that now that I have escaped from the middle layer desperately, I will raise my skill leisurely and live here for a while.

Do it moderately unlike the time before the middle layer capture.

I want to laze around a little.

Because I have done my best to reach here, it should be permitted.

And so, I increased my personal security that was a matter of concern for the time being when I reached the upper layer.

Although it was not guaranteed, it's certain that the upper layer is safer than the middle layer where my thread is not usable.

Although I have thought about it before, I think that I want to do the thing that I didn't do.

For that reason, I made my nest near the middle layer.

I go out of my home slowly.

Towards the middle layer.

Ah, hot.

When I experience the air in the upper layer, I understand how tiresome the air in this middle layer.

I did well to move in this place for a long time.

I want to praise myself.

Such a thing is fine now.

I approach the magma quietly.

Ugh, it's very hot when I approach it.

Uaa, when I want to do it, it's scary.

Eei.

Woman is courage!

Torya!

I thrust my sickle into the magma.

Gyaaaaaaaa!?

Hot, pain!?

Guuoooooo!!

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Pain Alleviation LV8』 has become 『Pain Alleviation LV9』》

I have Magic-in-charge No.1 and No.2 continue to keep using the newly learned "Treatment Magic LV2" Micro Treatment to my sickle.

But still, the sickle is burning faster.

Rather than burning, isn't it melting!?

Ah, crap.

Even my body caught fire.

I pull up my sickle from the magma in a hurry and "Poison Synthesis".

The lump of poison extinguished the fire on my body.

Haa.

It was painful.

What I wanted to do was to raise "Fire Resistance".

Even though I walked in the middle layer for a long time, my "Fire Resistance" is on level 7.

The rise is terribly slow.

Even though I experienced such a painful experience, my "Fire Resistance" didn't rose.

I'm glad that "Pain Alleviation" rose instead.

Although I came out of the middle layer, there's no change that I'm weak to fire.

Because there's a place where I can raise "Fire Resistance" like this, I think that I should just strengthen it until it becomes "Heat Nullity".

I can't do it even if I thought of it because I have given priority to safety up until now, but there's no need to worry about safety from now on.

Ah, nevertheless, after all I say, my sickle is melting.

The Micro Treatment learned at "Treatment Magic LV2" can't cure the injury with a part loss.

It's a magic at the soothing level that it can only cure scratch or small injury.

As for this, I have to wait my automatic recovery to regenerate it.

Because the automatic recovery has evolved into high-speed recovery, it won't take so long.

Hmm.

But still, with this condition, it looks like "Heat Nullity" will take a lot of time.

『Zoa Ere　LV19　No name

Status

ＨＰ：４９９／６８７（Green）＋０（Details） (185 up)

ＭＰ：５０１２／５０１２（Blue）＋１３００（Details） (916 up)

ＳＰ：６３６／６３６（Yellow）（Details） (114 up)

：６３６／６３６（Red）＋１１９１（Details） (114 up)

Average Offensive Ability：５９０（Details） (84 up)

Average Defensive Ability：６８５（Details） (82 up)

Average Magic Ability：４７５７（Details） (856 up)

Average Resistance Ability：４８７１（Details） (850 up)

Average Speed Ability：３１５２（Details） (472 up)

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV1 (new)」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic Combat Act LV8 (6 up)」 「SP Recovery Speed LV7 (1 up)」 「SP Consumption Down LV8 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV3」 「Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Enhanced Poison LV8 (1 up)」 「Fighting Spirit LV5 (1 up)」 「Vitality Granting LV2」 「Dragon Power (new)」「Deadly Poison Attack LV4 (1 up)」 「Corrosion Attack LV2 (1 up)」 「Heresy Attack LV1」 「Poison Synthesis LV10 (2 up)」 「Medicine Synthesis LV2 (new)」 「Thread Talent LV4」 「Universal Thread LV2 (1 up)」 「Thread Manipulation LV8」 「Throw LV8 (1 up)」 「Space Maneuver LV2 (new)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV8 (1 up)」 「Foresight LV8 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV3 (1 up)」 「High-speed Calculation LV4 (1 up)」 「Accuracy LV10 (1 up)」 「Evasion LV10 (1 up)」 「Probability Correction LV2 (new)」 「Stealth LV9」 「Silent LV6 (1 up)」 「Intimidation LV5 (4 up)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Heresy Magic LV10 (4 up)」 「Shadow Magic LV10 (3 up)」 「Dark Magic LV3 (new)」 「Poison Magic LV10 (3 up)」 「Treatment Magic LV2 (new)」 「Space Magic LV6 (5 up)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Satiation LV3 (2 up)」 「Wisdom」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV4 (1 up)」 「Destruction Resistance LV3」 「Blunt Resistance LV3」 「Slash Resistance LV3」 「Fire Resistance LV7 (3 up)」 「Heavy Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Deadly Poison Resistance LV2」 「Paralysis Resistance LV5」 「Petrifaction Resistance LV3」 「Acid Resistance LV4」 「Corrosion Resistance LV4」 「Faint Resistance LV3」 「Fear Resistance LV8」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV9 (2 up)」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV3 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Grudge LV2 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Stasis LV1 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Heaviness LV6 (new)」 「Enhanced Hearing LV10」 「Hearing Range Expansion LV1 (new)」 「Enhanced Smell LV9 (2 up)」 「Enhanced Taste LV9 (2 up)」 「Enhanced Touch LV9 (1 up)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV5 (1 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Destiny LV1 (new)」 「Body Flicker LV3 (2 up)」 「Durability LV3 (2 up)」 「Herculean Strength LV5 (1 up)」 「Solid LV5 (1 up)」 「Idaten LV5 (1 up)」 「Taboo LV9 (1 up)」 「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill point：０

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer」 「Fear Bringer」 「Dragon Killer (new)」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-20: Side 20 Fall
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S20 Fall

Something is strange.

I have such uneasy feeling for some time.

But, it's just recently that I'm conscious of it clearly.

I only felt it somehow unconsciously until then.

Something is strange.

But, I don't know what's strange.

Even though I'm haunted by the uneasiness, I don't know that identity.

I had to find out the identity of the uneasiness by all means.

And, I will regret it.

I'm called by Father and I head towards the room.

Lately, Father has been completely busy.

I heard the story well because I'm related, but apparently, the rumor that the Hero died from the battlefield has spread into the town.

It was already the limit to conceal the fact that Julius-niisama died.

Then, the Divine Word Church seems to announce the death of the Hero formally.

And, at the same time, the new Hero is announced.

In other words, I finally have to stand in front the people as the Hero.

I was called today is probably because of that.

The question was Sue was called with me.

Sue is walking on the side next to me.

Purposely absent from the academy, I wonder what business to call Sue together with me.

It seems that nothing was told to Sue.

When having such question, we arrived in front of the room.

Well, I will understand the contents if I meet Father.

I knock the door.

「This is Shurein」

「Un? Enter」

「Excuse me」

I open the door and enter inside.

Sue follows silently after that too.

「What's wrong?」

Father asks while writing something to the documents.

No, it's me who want to ask that.

「No, isn't Father who called us? What's the matter?」

「Un? I didn't called you」

Huh?

When thinking so, the situation has already changed.

I should have surely raised the question.

And yet, the sound didn't go out.

A kind of Wind Magic, the effect of Silence was applied around me.

The magic construction activated at the speed that I can't cope with.

Those who can do that are limited, and the person who can do it in this place is Sue who's right beside of me.

What for?

Even if I speak, the surrounding air erases the sound.

As a troublesome point of this magic, it can create a situation that I can't put up a resistance where not only my voice is erased but the voices around me are also erased.

Once it's activated, it's the end unless the magic composition is interfered forcibly.

A worsened situation happens to the confused me.

Sue shot Father.

My eyes opened wide in surprise.

What? Why?

It's Light Magic that Sue used.

The magic that I'm most good at it.

That ray fired through Father's forehead.

「Kyaaaaa! Nii-sama! What are you doing!?」

Sue who screams at the same time.

As for me, my head is too confused and it became blank.

「What happened!」

The door is opened vigorously, and Cyris-niisama and the armored knight guards enter the room.

「Nii-sama killed Father!」

「What!? Have you went mad, Shurein!」

No!

It's not me!

Why!?

Even if I shout so, my voice is erased.

「Guards! Shurein has attacked His Majesty!」

Contrary to me, Cyris-niisama's shout sounds in the castle well.

「Arrest Shurein!」

The armored knight who moves to Cyris-niisama's word.

The knight unsheathed his sword and swing it down.

While I'm confused, I draw my sword at once and respond to the attack.

My sword was cut into two by the armored knight's sword.

Impossible.

Even though I didn't strengthen my sword because it was an instant, my sword as the Hero is not a blunt sword that can be found everywhere, so it shouldn't be easy to be cut.

And yet, my sword was cut into two in the middle.

My thoughts can't catch up with the situation that changes bewilderingly.

The armored knight didn't overlooked that chance.

The blade returns and cuts me.

It didn't become a fatal wound because I half step to the back.

But, it's unchanged that it's a serious wound because it was a diagonal slash from the shoulder.

If the next attack comes, I will be killed.

「Yo. What a good state, Hero-sama」

The armored knight speak like making fun of me.

Although the voice is slightly blocked by the helmet, still, it's the voice that I didn't misheard it.

「Y-You. Are you Yuugo?」

「Correct」

He removes his helmet.

Standing there was Yuugo who should have lost his skills and fall.

「Yuugo. Don't reveal your identity on purpose」

「Isn't it fine. It's called giving a good memory」

Cyris-niisama's manner is like he knows that the inside of the armored knight was Yuugo.

Like he knows the fact.

But, why?

「Do you want to know it? This Onii-sama wants the throne. I want to get my revenge on you and Oka. Both of us think that you are a hindrance」

「W-Why? Isn't the next king should be Cyris-niisama?」

「That's wrong. That dead Ou-sama has planned to make you as the next king. With the thoughts of you don't have to go to the battlefield if he announce that you are going to be the next king before announcing you are the Hero」

「Like I will let such a foolish thing to rob away my throne!」

Cyris-niisama shouted it with a sour face unintentionally to Yuugo's words.

That shout also was made unheard except us by the newly applied Silence.

I look at the person who activated Silence.

「Nii-sama. I'm sorry to say this, but please die here」

Although it was her usual tone, that voice was like another person.

It's a cold voice like despising me opposite to her usual flat and yet passionate voice.

「Sue, what's wrong?」

「Nii-sama, I just realize the truth of love. Therefore, I will kill Nii-sama」

Strange.

The current Sue is obviously strange.

I activate "Appraisal".

The abnormal conditions called 『Hypnosis』 『Brainwash』 『Charm』 were displayed.

「Yuugo! Is it your act!?」

「Oh? Did you noticed? Have you noticed? Yeah. It's my act. How is it? The feelings of being deprived? Frustrating, right? Because I have tasted it, I understand it well! Gyahahahaha!」

「Return Sue to normal right now!」

「Like I will return her even if you ask me to do so. Are you an idiot?」

My front becomes bright red.

However, my body doesn't move against my will.

「The guards will come soon. Then, I will have you exit here」

Yuugo holds his sword.

「I won't let you!」

A small Elf's body cuts in there.

A shock wave of wind strikes Yuugo's body, and blow him away.

「OOOKAAAA!!」

「We will run!」

Yuugo's resentment is ignored, and Sensei begins to run.

Somebody carries up my body.

「Hyrinth-san」

「I'm also confused of what's going on here. However, just think about surviving now!」

I was told by Hyrinth-san who started running, and I use Treatment Magic to heal my wound.

The approaching guards are blown off by Sensei's magic.

The figure of soldiers fighting here and there was seen.

「What on earth is happening?」

「It's a revolt」

「Revolt?」

「Yes. The principal offenders are the first prince, Cyris and Yuugo. However, they planned to put the blame on you, and they will quell the revolt」

I grow pale to Sensei's explanation.

「The one fighting now is Leston-kun's unit. We will run away while he's holding them off」

And, we got away from the castle.

After we escaped from the castle, we headed to a house.

「It's planned to meet Leston here. After that, we will run away from this country」

「Wait for a moment, Sensei! Yuugo, if I don't do something to him, Sue will..」

「I can't allow that」

「Sensei. This commotion should calm down if we can do something on that guy. Although I lost a while ago, my wound has healed, so if we return to the castle and catch him」

「I can't allow that」

「Sensei!」

「The church has announced the new Hero. The name is Yuugo Van Rengzand」

「Huh?」

「This matter, even the church is an accomplice」

I staggered unintentionally.

My shoulder is supported by Hyrinth-san.

「Does Elf-dono has an idea why the church take part in such a ridiculous thing?」

「Perhaps, it will be proper to think that Yuugo's brainwashing has infiltrated into the church」

「That's impossible. The effect of brainwashing-types ends in an instant. It shouldn't be able to cause such a situation」

「Yes. That's if it's normal, but there's an exception」

「Exception?」

「The highest rank skill, 『Lust』 which is from the seven deadly sins series. This skill's brainwashing effect can't be compared with the other skills. It's certain to consider that Yuugo has this skill」

Seven deadly sins series?

Was there such a skill?

In the skills that I confirmed, there was no such thing.

In other words, does that means that it's an abnormal skill that can't be acquired at 100000 skill points?

「Anyway, I don't know how far is controlled by Yuugo. It's better to think that this country is finished」

「Such thing...」

When I was speechless, Leston-niisama and some nostalgic faces entered the house.

「Shun, are you all right?」

「Your Highness, it's been a while」

「Your Highness has become splendid」

It was Anna and Clevea who worked as the maid of Sue and me before that entered together with Leston-niisama.

Anna still keeps a young appearance because the Elf's blood runs in her body, while Clevea seems to have grown old.

And yet, they seemed to rush to my predicament in this way.

But, I despaired.

「Anna, are you the same?」

「Pardon?」

「You are also under Yuugo's control!」

The appraised Anna's status clearly has the word 『Hypnosis』 『Brainwash』 『Charm』.

At the same time as I shouted, Anna has a glazed look.

The magic that's constructed at high speed.

I interrupt it, and I made Anna faint with the chop.

In addition, I try to release the abnormal conditions with Treatment Magic.

However, the abnormal conditions didn't disappear from Anna's status.

「Damn it! Even Anna!」

Leston-niisama clench his fist frustratingly.

「This is bad. We are surrounded」

Many soldiers have surrounded the house when I looked outside of the house to Hyrinth-san's words.

「Let's force our way through」

Everyone who nods to Sensei's word.

「Shun, use my sword」

Leston-niisama handed me a sword.

「This?」

「It's the divine sword handed down in the royal family. It would be better for Shun who's the Hero to use it in battle than me」

「I understand. Thank you」

With Hyrinth-san as the vanguard, we plunge into the encirclement.

At the same time, Leston-niisama's unit that was hiding launches a surprise attack.

「Now!」

We break through the encirclement.

But, there's a different unit ahead.

And, the one leading it is,

「Shun. You sure don't know when to give up」

「Katia...」

My best friend from my previous life stood in my way.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「Yuugo, you purposely let him go, right?」

「I wonder what are you talking about」

「Don't play dumb! If that guy is alive, I don't know what kind of inconvenience will appear!」

「Like I know」

「You bastard!」

「What are you misunderstanding?」

「What?」

「You are one of my pieces after all. Why are you ordering me arrogantly?」

「What!?」

「I can kill you anytime. So, understand that」

「Y-You」

「Like I will be satisfied with things ending like this. I need them to suffer more and even more」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

126 Real tag　The "it" is a spider

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

Little by little.

So that I'm not noticed.

Scrape it off slowly.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Heresy Attack LV1』 has become 『Heresy Attack LV2』》

Kumo here.

I'm in a pinch.

I'm gradually cornered.

What should I do?

The monsters disappeared.

Seriously?

Why there's nothing?

It's not caught in the nest and even I go out, there's nothing.

What's going on?

No, well, I do have an idea about it somehow.

Here, a question!

A monster came from the middle layer!

That monster is a dangerous creature that releases an outrageous intimidating air, spread curse and paralysis, and fires magic continuously.

If such a crazy person appears, what do you think that the monsters that inhabit in the upper layer originally would do?

The correct answer is of course they will run away, you idiot!

Hahha!

Isn't that crazy person is me?

Ah, yeah.

If you see me objectively, aren't I outrageously crazy?

Then, of course the monsters will run away.

After all, getting caught by me equals to being eaten by me.

Ah.

Seriously, what's up with that?

If I don't go far in the upper layer, I can't find a prey.

The middle layer also, they keep staying in the magma.

Because I still have my "Satiation" stocks, I don't have to worry about starving suddenly, but if I don't think of exploring now, it might be too late.

Ah, well, it's not like there's no options.

I mean, that's the only one.

"Space Magic LV9", Long-distance Transfer.

This magic is a dreamlike magic that I can go anywhere as long as it's a place that I know.

Besides, because I can link it to Wisdom-sama's map, the place where I transfer can be set in detail.

I can Transfer to every path that I have pass through up until now since I was born.

If I use this magic to go to a suitable place, I can choose my prey.

But. I think that I shouldn't do that.

I feel like I should start looking for the exit soon.

Therefore, I will expand my field of activities while looking for preys, and I will Transfer back to home when I'm tired.

I think that I should repeat this.

If I make this home as a base, I can continue to raise my "Fire Resistance".

If it really reach to the point where I can't find any preys, I will go to lower layer.

If it's there, I will encounter a monster just by walking a little.

I think that the current me won't lose unless the Earth Dragon comes out.

Because the Earth Dragon will come when I say something like this, I don't want to go to the lower layer so much.

Thus, let's depart to expand the map!

While I'm at it, obtain meal!

... The monsters in the upper layer is bad though.

I stroll around the upper layer, and return home with Transfer when I get tired.

I continue such life leisurely.

The upper layer's map has expanded considerably.

Even if I say that, it's only 10% of the middle layer.

The middle layer was really long.

I didn't meet much monsters along the way.

Well, they are running away from me, so it's natural.

Thanks to that, I didn't obtained much experience points and meals.

However, there's only one that I obtained that's good in experience points and meal.

Although I came out from a similar passage as the middle layer's passage, I encountered the Earth Drake there.

It was a guy that looks like a dinosaur.

When I thought that I have seen it somewhere before, it was the guy that I saw in the crowd of monsters when I was just born.

Because there's a considerable distance from that place to here, I think that it's a different individual of the same species.

It was strong when I fought it.

Ah, it was strong.

I restricted it with threads, completely stopped it with "Evil Eye of Stasis", and absorb it until nothing with "Evil Eye of Grudge", but it was strong.

I'm sure that it must have been strong.

It's that.

I who's the Dragon Killer, as if a Drake can be my opponent.

Come to think of it, I won against the Fire Drake comparatively easy.

There's a wall that can't be surpassed by the Dragon and the Drake in strength.

Thanks to this guy, my SP stock has increased and the experience points was very delicious too.

Unfortunately, the taste was not delicious.

Thanks to the "Evil Eye of Grudge" absorbed it, my SP stock reached the max value without eating.

It's good that I have extra SP.

With this, the starvation course is considerably distant now.

The corpse that I was not able to finish eating was left enclosed with my threads, and when my SP decreases, I will just Transfer there to eat it little by little.

The experience points is also delicious.

Because it's approximately equal with the Fire Drake, I'm getting closer to level up.

But still, it's not enough.

But, if I continue with this condition, I will level up soon.

In that case, I can finally evolve.

Although it won't end because I evolved, it just becomes a break.

As expected, I should divide my objective into small, and achieve it one by one because it feels more efficient.

The present objective is to evolve.

Strengthen "Fire Resistance".

Find the exit.

There's no need find the exit in a hurry, so even if I found the exit, I will only feel that "It's good".

It would be troublesome if I meet with human beings.

Human being.

What should I do if I really meet one?

I don't think that I will kill willingly, but if they attack me, I will counterattack.

To be frank, I don't have the feeling of evasion towards murder when I was in Japan.

Ah, I think that I probably don't have much feelings like that when I was in Japan.

It was only troublesome, so even if I do it, there's no meaning to it.

When thinking so, if I kill a human being in this world, it might be troublesome.

I also don't want them to marked me down.

Un.

I wonder should I escape if I meet a human being.

I don't even know how strong is the human being in this world.

Are all human beings equal to the Dragon class?

Well, I don't think that they are to that extent because they didn't break through the middle layer.

Anyway, let's pray that we won't come across.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter it-1: Investigation Team 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team ①

Author note: The point of view of a certain middle-aged man

I looked around the knights who gathered.

I swallowed the sigh that I wanted to let out unintentionally.

If I let out a sigh here, my son will get angry.

「Ah. Knights-san. Do you guys know where are you going to go?」

When I speak with an amazed voice, the knights' face dyed with irritation.

Incidentally, my son who's next to me looks like going to lose his temper.

Ah, sorry, sorry.

My true intention came out unintentionally.

「Know your place as a guide. You guys only have to guide us」

「Ah. Is that so? If that's the case, I will quit this work」

「Do as you please. We can rely on other guides」

「Is that so?」

I was hit hard by my son when I was about to half rise my feet.

「No. Knights-sama, I'm sorry. Although my father has a bad mouth, he's a real deal as a labyrinth guide. Besides, because of the spider hunt is popular on the other side now, there's only a few labyrinth guides. If you fire us, I wonder whether the other people are free or not」

This guy.

He hit me seriously.

Well, I will just entrust this to my son who's good in speaking here.

Judging from their attitude, they don't know how influential am I in this industry.

If people know that I quit, it's obvious that the other people will quit.

Did this guys came without preliminary investigations?

「Hmph. Well, fine. Be grateful because we are using you」

「Yes. We are already grateful」

How troublesome.

「Well then, Knight-sama. When do you want to enter the labyrinth?」

「After this, immediately」

「I see. That means that the preparations such as food and antidotes are done. As expected of Knight-sama」

「Wait. Food and antidote?」

「Pardon? It's not prepared?」

My son has a look that he's wondering in the bottom of his heart.

Even though this guy understands it.

「Why is food necessary for the investigation?」

「Eh? After all, the place that's going to be investigated this time takes 10 days to reach, you know?」

「Huh?」

The knights who begin to rustle.

These guys is really not good.

Did they come until here without knowing anything about the labyrinth?

How did such an ignorant group get this labyrinth investigation job?

Don't tell me that they are too incompetent and the higher-ups toss it to them irresponsibly.

「Knight-sama, is this your first time to enter the Elro Great Labyrinth?」

「A-Ah」

「The Great Labyrinth is the huge labyrinth that connects the two continents. This is the only way to go to the other continent in substitute for the almost-impossible-to-sail sea that's the Water Dragon's territory. Are you okay this far?」

「Are you making a fool of me? That's common sense」

「Yes. However, because of the Great Labyrinth's wideness, it's said that traveling is impossible if there's no guidance by the guide who's an expert in this. The survival rate of those who don't hire us is almost 0. Although I don't know whether it's true or false, it's said that the old Hero-sama entered the Great Labyrinth alone and didn't come back」

The knights become pale.

Haa.

It seems that they finally begin to understand the meaning to enter the Great Labyrinth after hearing that even the Hero didn't return alive.

「The Great Labyrinth has a wide complex structure that branches innumerably. If you lose your way, it's the end. It's not likely to be able to get out alive. Even we the guides don't grasp all the paths. Knight-sama, do you know what is this?」

「What's that paper bundle?」

「All are the maps of the Great Labyrinth. It's only a part though」

It's the map of the routes where it's safest and shortest to cross the continent which the guides of the Great Labyrinth upper layer use that my son took out.

That alone becomes the amount that can be said as a paper bundle.

Even the whole picture of the upper layer is not clear.

That's the place called the Great Labyrinth.

「The place where Knights-sama are going to investigate this time is the place about 10 days advancing from the entrance. 10 days for a one-way trip. 10 days to investigate. 10 days to return. If there's no storage of foods for at least 30 days, you will have to turn back on the way. If possible, I want to take another 10 days food as reserves」

This time, these guys, knights have been dispatched because the amount of the monster has increased recently at a certain area in the labyrinth.

These guys will investigate the cause and cull the monsters, but with this condition, nothing much can be expected.

The area where the monsters are springing out in large quantities is exactly the place where the shortest route is.

When thinking of the things from now on, if possible, I hope that they will investigate the cause and eliminate the monsters.

I wonder what will happen.

「And also, because most of the monsters in the Great Labyrinth have poison, antidote is indispensable. Also, light source and its fuel. If possible, it's better to have a person who can use fire. Because it's possible to run away by igniting it when caught in the cobweb. Therefore, Knights-sama, we will write the list of things need, so please supply the materials. Because the guides have the space storing item, leave the carriage to us. Ah, and, how about sending a letter to your family? Because it will be a long journey」

My son said it in rapid succession, and the knights only nod in utter amazement.

With such condition, it's going to be hard in the future.

Well, I guess I will at least support you guys so that the letters that you sent to your family don't become a will.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter it-2: Investigation Team 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team ②

Author note: The middle-aged man point of view

Eight days after entering the Great Labyrinth.

The area where the abnormality takes place is close.

About the knights who I didn't expect much from them, they were useful when it comes to battle and only useless in their head.

At first, I thought that I was forced to guide a inexperience nobles unit, but the fact is this unit seems to be composed of the noble's second son and third son.

As expected of the powerful country, Rengzant Empire.

It was not a mere decoration unit.

「Certainly, we are a medley unit of nobles, but we have acquired training and combat experience similar to the other units. In the first place, this is the unit that's gathered with those who can't succeed the title. Everyone is desperate when they can receive a title by raising their achievements」

I'm told like that.

Although they still have their former noble's arrogance, they seemed to experienced a lot of battles, so they seemed to have flexible correspondence unexpectedly.

For the proof, they don't listen to my instructions before entering the labyrinth, but when they entered the labyrinth and experienced how severe it is, they apologize obediently and follow my instructions.

「To be honest, I have underestimated the Great Labyrinth. The fault of the former nobles' unit is lacking of common sense. It might be better to allot some time of training to general education from now on」

The knight's captain seems to be a competent man.

Although it's a nice miscalculation that the knights are useful, I can't stop the unpleasant feeling in me.

Although I'm sure that we haven't reached the area where the report was raised, the number of monsters is more than usual.

Although there's no casualty at present, there are some who got wounded.

It's not a problem because there's a Treatment Technique User, but the scary part of the Great Labyrinth is you don't know what's going to happen.

We have brought a large amount of antidotes, and there are knights who acquired the "Poison Resistance" in the continuous battles.

I think that it won't become a dangerous situation quick, but still, I have an unpleasant feeling.

Is there even a Queen somewhere here?

It's not impossible.

The Taratect hunting is popular on the other side means that the Queen has laid the eggs.

In other words, it came to the upper layer.

Queen Taratect is an Over S moving calamity.

Only one was killed by the Hero-sama long ago together with a large army in exchange of their lives in the subjugation record of the Queen Taratect.

Even if I exclude that one, there are still five of them in this world.

And, one of them settles in this Great Labyrinth.

Usually, it's at the layer below the upper layer, but it will go up to the upper layer when it lays its eggs.

Although it would go down immediately, I can't be careless because it sometimes stays in the upper layer.

I think that it's not there, but if we meet such a thing, no matter how many lives we have, it won't be enough.

I guess we should avoid large passages that the Queen seems to be able to pass.

Another thing that's in my mind is the area where the abnormality takes place is at the entrance to the middle layer.

If I think reasonably, it might be a powerful monster came from the middle layer and chase those guys who originally inhabit there.

However, is there such a powerful monster in the middle layer?

The middle layer is a Burning Hell where magma spreads all over.

It's a flame domain that the Humans can't capture.

However, the monsters' strength shouldn't have much difference from the upper layer.

It's the testimony that the adventurers who challenged the middle layer brought back.

Those adventurers raise their "Fire Resistance" for many years, fully equipped with fire-proof equipment and they challenged the middle layer.

After all, the food runs out because of the extremely huge middle layer, and they have to give up on the exploration.

However, they became the first adventurers who returned alive from the Great Labyrinth Middle Layer.

It's said that the Great Labyrinth consists of upper layer, middle layer and lower layer.

There are several huge holes in the upper layer that connect to the lower layer.

Although there were adventurers who went down the hole, most of them didn't come back.

The small number of adventurers who came back testified that there's a frightening amount of monsters above C rank in there.

It's said that the Queen makes the lower layer as its base. Although this is an urban legend, it's said that there's even a layer under it that's called bottom layer.

Although it can't be confirmed whether it's true or not, if they don't approach purposely, the lower layer and the even lower layer are unrelated.

Or, this time's abnormality is maybe something that came to the middle layer from the lower layer and crawled out.

I have such foolish wild ideas.

「Today, I think that we should rest around here once. What do you think?」

「Ah, I think that it's good. If it's the outside, it's the time when it gets dark」

「The time in the labyrinth gets out of order. You know the time well like that」

「Well, if you enter and exit the labyrinth for a long time when you're a kid, you will get used to it eventually. Guides are like that」

「I see. The guides are terrific people more than I thought」

「It's not like that. If it's the direct combat ability, Knight-san is way superior. In short, the right person in the right place. We are specialized in getting out from the labyrinth. Knight-san is specialized in fighting. It's like that」

「I see. By the way, I know this may be rude, but how many skills do you possess?」

「Huh? Skill, eh?」

「I'm sorry. I'm just interested in it. If you don't want to tell, there's no need to tell me. If you are offended, I will apologize」

「Ah, no. It's not like that. When it's people like us, it's rare to be appraised with appraisal stone. The last time I saw my skills is quite long ago, so I don't remember what kind of skills and how many I have」

「Skill is a lifeline. Isn't it better to grasp your own skills?」

「Well, I remember that "Night Vision" and "Danger Perception" have become level 10, but I have forgotten the others」

I who laughs lively, the captain returned an amazed look.

Well, half of it is a lie though.

Although it's true that I don't grasp all of my skills, I remembered it roughly.

However, there's no need to tell my skills purposely to another person.

It's my lifeline, isn't it obvious?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter it-3: Investigation Team 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team ③

Author note: The middle-aged man point of view

The 13th day after entering the labyrinth.

We arrived at the area that we aimed at first, and currently conducting the cause investigation and the cull of monsters.

But, we became puzzled.

「There's no monster」

「Umu. Although the number of monsters increased strangely in the report, there's no such presence」

「Ah. Like this, there's even more along the way」

There was certainly a lot of monsters along the way.

Although we usually evade combat as much as possible, the cull of monsters is important this time.

Whenever we find a monster, the knights will fight.

Because of that, the planned 10 days journey has extended to 12 days.

When thinking about the return, we have to advance the investigation as fast as possible.

「Well, it's still the first day of investigation. There's no need to be in a hurry. In addition, it's rather convenient that the monsters disappeared. That the abnormality has settled down and issue settled」

「I hope it's like that」

Although I say it to the captain lightly, it's not that I myself believe in those words.

This is because the unpleasant feeling that I felt after entering the labyrinth becomes more and more stronger.

Good things won't happen usually when I have such feeling.

It's better to be careful.

The 15th day.

「There's still no monster. Here, shouldn't we examine the large passage resolutely that we have avoided so far?」

「Hmm. The large passage, eh?」

There's no result in the investigation.

It's natural because the monsters that are said to be here are not here.

I hesitate to the captain's proposal.

It's hard to think that there's a Queen by chance, but there are also monsters of a different level than the normal passage.

Especially, the Earth Drake is a troublesome monster with great physical ability.

If possible, I don't want to step into the large passage, but when thinking about the purpose this time, I have no choice but to go.

「It can't be helped. Captain-san, if you judged that it's dangerous, retreat right away」

「That's right. Everyone, listen! We are heading towards the large passage after this! If you judged that it's dangerous, retreat right away! Have such intention!」

The unit advances by the captain's command.

「Here it is」

「Umu. Let's advance carefully from now on」

We move forward to the large passage.

I look at the surroundings carefully.

There's no figure of monster.

「There's no monster here either」

「Umu. From what I heard, this large passage should have a lot of monsters, right?」

「Ah. Such quiet large passage is the first time for me. This is eerie」

「It would be better to advance more carefully」

The unpleasant feeling that I feel becomes stronger.

My instinct is telling me that advancing ahead is dangerous.

「I don't like this. The unpleasant feeling won't stop」

「I'm the same too」

The captain breaks into a cold sweat.

Similar sweat streams down my cheeks.

I advance ahead slowly.

A certain thing caught my eyes there.

「This is a cobweb?」

「Is it the Taratect monster?」

It's a huge cobweb.

Only the nest and the master's figure is not seen.

This size, I'm sure that the master of this nest has grown into an adult form.

「Is the master of this nest the cause of this abnormality?」

「It might be so. Look at that」

At the place where I pointed, there's the half-eaten corpse of the Earth Drake caught in the nest.

「Even the Earth Drake is like this. This one might have evolved into the Greater class」

The Taratect species is the species that strength rises tremendously according to the evolution.

The highest rank Queen is Myth rank.

While the newborn child spider is the lowest F rank.

It's needless to say how big is the change by evolution.

Greater Taratect is the very rare evolution individual.

The strength is B rank that's near A rank.

When thinking that the Earth Drake is defeated, it's not strange even if it has reached A rank.

「Can we fight with a A rank monster?」

「It's impossible. Although it might be possible to subjugate it if you challenge it with the resolution of getting annihilated, such thing can't be done」

「You are right. We better go back. This is too much for us」

「I agree. It's better to escape as soon as possible」

The captain's opinion and mine match.

Both of us nod, and start to leave the place,

A very large chill attacks me.

I catch my breath.

The cobweb that I have turned my back to.

Something appeared there.

I exchange looks with the captain next to me.

I nod and look back slowly.

And, our eyes met.

A spider.

Although it looks like the Taratect species, it's slightly different.

It's a black small spider monster that has the hands of sickle.

I realize it in an instant.

This guy is dangerous.

Although I don't know how it appeared suddenly, anyway, it's dangerous.

My body becomes stiff because of fear.

Greater Taratect?

Not such level.

This guy is not a simple one.

「Retreat!」

I come to my senses by the captain's shout.

I run away at full speed.

The rank is no longer a matter.

I only move my legs desperately to escape from that earnestly.

While wondering how far did we ran, we got out from the large passage.

That guy didn't chase us even if we look back.

Sighs of relief leak from everywhere.

The captain breathe out once, and began a roll-call immediately.

There was no missing member.

「Let's get out of the labyrinth immediately」

「Ah. I must contact to my country. We can't do anything against such monster」

It's not like they actually fought it.

But, it's understood at first sight.

That is an outrageous monster.

The reason why there's a lot of monsters is the monsters are chased by that monster, lost their habitat and overflow the outskirts.

And, the reason why there's no monster around here is because they ran away from that.

No matter how I think, it's a monster that surpasses the A rank easily.

It might even be a S rank.

Only Hero-sama and the elites of each country can fight against such thing.

It's an existence that ordinary people like us can't do anything against it.

「Zoa Ere」

Someone muttered.

「What is that?」

「It's that monster. The spider monster that signifies sinister. But, there shouldn't be such a monster」

Apparently, that monster is a species called Zoa Ere.

However, I have not heard that such monster was generated in the Great Labyrinth.

Did it mutate suddenly from the Taratect species?

It seems to be obviously different from the normal Zoa Ere, so I'm sure that it's a mutation.

At any rate, we can't do anything further than this.

After that, we escape from the labyrinth immediately.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

27 Show me the possibility that a person has

Ah, I was surprised.

When I transfer and return to the Earth Drake storage, there's a lot of people.

Of course I will feel surprised.

It's not like I have anthropophobia, but I'm not good at contacting a person.

I was surprised and I stared at the hairy-faced uncle unintentionally.

Ah, I turned off the Evil Eyes just in case.

I hate it when we oppose each other just because our eyes met.

That uncle is quite cool and good-looking. He's my preference.

If he smile while smoking a cigarette, he seems to look extremely good.

Crap, that is good.

I might chase him and ask him.

Even if I say that, I can't speak. In the first place, what's that torture to have me who have a community disease to talk to a person.

However, why did those people come?

Although they suddenly shout something and start running, what is it?

Did they endured to go to the toilet?

I don't know.

Well, if they overlook me, that's better for me, so it's very welcome.

Although I think that I can win even if it becomes a fight, it's troublesome.

Although it's a knight-like group that has armor on them, they are not strong.

The strong person is almost as the same as the snake in status.

After I have returned to the upper layer, I have killed several snakes, but the snake was so weak.

I also had the time when I thought that it's a boss character.

I became very strong.

The strong person is around the snake.

Although the skill was considerably enhanced, still, the status is about the snake.

It doesn't seem to be my enemy.

Is human being actually weak?

They also looked like knights, so that means they can fight in their own way.

And, with that strength only?

Uwa.

Human being is weaker than I thought.

Although I thought that they can fight against Mother for a certain period of time, they can never do it!

Well, maybe, only that group is particularly weak.

Perhaps, the difference of human being between the strong and the weak is intense in this world.

There might be a "I'm STROOONG"-kun.

Because I also became this strong, so it's not strange that there is.

Hmm.

If I follow after the people a while ago, won't I know where's the exit?

Ah, but that uncle has "Presence Perception".

If I follow, I can see that I will be found.

I don't want that.

I don't want to associate with a person so much.

But, in order to eat delicious cuisine, I have to associate with a person.

Although it's troublesome, I can't yield this.

When I buy stuffs in my previous life, I didn't even make an eye contact with the salesperson.

I will have to learn the language of this world, and various problems lie ahead.

Oh, well.

When things cooled down, I will explore the direction where the people went.

The direction that I go don't have any monsters recently, so it's just right.

There's no need to hurry.

I still can't be an Arachne.

Even if I go out with a spider's appearance, I probably can't enter a town.

When it's said that whether I can enter a town after becoming an Arachne, I feel that it's impossible, but that's the only way at present.

Because the hallucination of "Heresy Magic" only has an instant effect, it's meaningless.

It's a wishful thinking of trying to approach human form even a little.

However, those people, why did they come?

Because they are knights, are they a unit of a country somewhere?

Did they come to subjugate something?

Monster that seems to be the target for subjugation around here is the Earth Drake.

Sorry, I have made it into my food.

I don't think that it will be, but is the subjugation target me?

No no.

In the first place, this is my second time to meet with human beings in this spider life.

I never did anything to the extent that the subjugation corps need to be dispatched.

Ah, but it might be bad if one of them have "Appraisal".

"There's a dangerous spider monster, so let's subjugate it", it might flow this way.

Because they started running immediately, I was not able to appraise everyone, so there might be a person with "Appraisal".

After all, should I just chase them and confirm it?

Ah, but I don't want to associate with people.

Mumumu.

Never mind.

It's troublesome.

Why must I associate with people assertively?

Let me stay as a loner.

In addition, when the time comes, I can just escape with Transfer.

If I escape to the middle layer, of course I can run away from the human beings that don't have "Fire Resistance".

I mean, I can escape at the moment I transfer.

Besides, looking at the people's strength a while ago, it's doubt whether I need to run away or not.

Although it's troublesome to associate with people, if they come with the intention to kill me, I won't show mercy.

Ah, but if I do that, my delicious meal will become distant again.

Kuu, even though I just want to eat delicious meal, why did it become such a troublesome thing.

Ah, no no.

Rather, I should kill them and steal it.

Those people seem to have food too.

Ah, but if it's such a labyrinth, they won't have fresh and delicious things.

I'm not glad even if I get an unappetizing preserved food.

To raise the hostility flag with the human being because of that doesn't worth it.

I should just become the Demon King seriously and rule them.

Then, I can eat delicious things as many as I want every day.

Ah, that might be good.

If I can do such a thing, I won't have any hardships.

Ah. I want to eat a delicious thing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

128 Mercy is not for others

Today also, I explore the upper layer leisurely.

Lately, there's really no monster.

If it's a game, there's an interval until the monsters re-spawn, so the enemy will never come to an end.

But, if it's the reality, it won't increase if it doesn't breed, so it decreases if it's defeated.

After all, I hunt every monsters that I found to gain experience points and securing food.

Even if I don't do that, the monsters will run away from me and hide, so I will have to agree that they can't be found.

A little more, I have really accumulate experience points until a little more to evolve.

Another 2 or 3 small fry.

And, I can evolve.

It's probably no problem this time because it's safe if I use my home near the middle layer entrance and I have my "Satiation" stock too.

Even if it's not enough, because the corpse of the Earth Drake still remains, there's no problem if I Transfer there as soon as my MP recovers and eat it.

I have already prepared the environment to evolve.

Now only the experience points.

Damn it.

Is there a good experience points somewhere?

If it's now, I can "Hyahha" with composure.

Of course there's none.

Haa.

I have to look for it steadily.

When I thought about it, I found it relatively easy.

Experience points, er, rather monster.

A snake.

In this upper layer, it's the strong one, so if I defeat it, I can level up and evolve.

But, there's one problem.

The snake is fighting with the human beings.

Two human beings are confronting the snake.

Another two who are already wounded are at a slightly remote place.

And another one doing the treatment.

Five people in total.

Judging from the situation with my "Clairvoyance", the adventurers got attacked by the snake.

Hmm.

Although it would be better if Appraisal can be used together with "Clairvoyance", judging from the situation, the snake is superior, is it?

So, even two people can't win against the snake.

Ah, because two people have already knocked down, so it's five people at first.

It seems that human beings are weaker than my expectation.

Ah, what should I do?

Although I can thrust myself into there and snatch the snake, if I do that, I will associate with those people.

Troublesome.

But, if I leave them like this, they seem to be annihilated.

But still, isn't that fine?

Isn't it better to defeat the snake after they are annihilated?

If it's that case, I don't need associate with them purposely.

... After all, as expected, that's not acceptable.

If I do it, I can't called myself as a former human being.

Although I feel like it's okay even if I do it, it's troublesome and I kinda feel sorry for those people who got abandoned.

Thus, because I can't stand it, I will help.

You should thank this me who has a transcendence wide heart.

Dash.

There no direction like "I came here to help you guys!".

I kill it quickly and withdraw quickly.

Like that, it won't have future troubles.

That's why, Snake, I will have you exit here.

I arrive at the place that I looked with "Clairvoyance" in an instant.

Making full use of "Space Maneuver", I move to the top of the snake's head.

The sickle that swings down.

"Enhanced Slashing", status strengthening and the additional effect of "Deadly Poison Attack".

My sickle pierces through the snake's head.

With that alone, the snake's HP became 0 in an instant.

The defeated snake.

I pull out my sickle from the snake's head, and shake off the blood.

Once again, I have cut a worthless object.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zoa Ere LV19 has become LV20》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Faint Resistance LV3』 has become 『Faint Resistance LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Individual, Zoa Ere can evolve》

《There are multiple choices of evolution. Please choose from the following.

Ede Saine

Greater Taratect

Ortho Kadinart》

Yosh!

Finally, level up.

With this, I can finally evolve.

Now then, when I look at the adventurers state, they stop in blank amazement.

Well, it's not like I don't understand how they feel though.

Well then, I will carry the snake like this and good-bye with Transfer.

Although I thought about that, the two people in the interior who fainted seem to die.

It looks like the snake's poison is effective.

Although the man who's nursing them is trying his best to cure them with magic, the construction speed and power are low.

If it's like this, they will die before recovering.

Hmm.

Well, it's the friendship that I did until here.

If I do it, I should do it thoroughly.

I move to the two fainted people.

Although the magic construction disperse on the way because the man who was treating them was surprised, it doesn't have any change even if there's this guy's magic or not.

"Treatment Magic" activate.

The magics of Abnormal Condition Recovery and HP Recovery for both of them.

My "Treatment Magic" rose considerably because I kept using it when I was raising my "Fire Resistance".

If it's such a poison and wound, I can recover it without a problem.

The man who treated them opens his eyes wide after seeing my magic.

Ah, if I associate any further, it will be troublesome.

As expected, you guys should do it yourself from this point.

I return to the snake and this time, I will transfer.

And, a certain thing was reflected in my eyes.

It was a fruit.

It looks like a dried persimmon.

Fuooooooo!?

Sweet thing!?

This is a sweet one, right!?

Is it the thing dropped by them when fighting!?

Can I take this!?

I won't let you say "No", you know!?

I will take it no matter what!

Thus, sweet obtained!

Uoo!

This is even happier than the level up!

I skipped cheerfully to the snake.

I leave the adventurers who are still dumbfounded, and transfer this time with the snake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

129 I'm going to evolve! Part 4

I transfer and return to My Home.

Let's eat the fruit that I obtained immediately.

Evolution?

Such thing can be done later.

Now I will use all my energy to taste the first sweetness in this spider life!

"Enhanced Taste" Maximum Output!

Incidentally, "Enhanced Smell" too!

First, I will enjoy it by looking at it slowly and carefully.

Incidentally, Appraisal.

『The fruit of dried Kurikuta』

『Kurikuta：A plant that grows naturally and widely in the Kasanagara continent. Periodically bloom and bear fruits. It's actually sweet, and it has an effect of slightly recovering the MP』

I see.

This fruit was not just a snack.

So, it will recover MP.

If they hold it as a recovery medicine, I might have did something bad.

But well, I recovered the serious wound, so they won't complain even if I take this.

Because the price must be paid properly, it's okay.

Well then, deep breath.

Suu, Haa.

Yosh!

Itadakimasu!

... Sweet.

Ah, sweet.

It's sweet.

There's bitterness and it's not delicious if I compare it with the fruit that I ate in my previous life.

Because it's dried, there's no juiciness too.

But, it's sweet.

After I became a spider, it's the first sweet thing that I eat.

It's sweet.

It's delicious.

I'm happy.

I taste it slowly and eat it.

I taste it thoroughly and eat it.

Until the very last.

Fuu.

Thank you for the meal.

As expected, proper sweet things are special.

I must say that delicious things are delicious without thinking.

No matter how delicious it is, it's not good to eat and feel complicated.

Well then.

Now that I have soaked myself in the aftertaste, I think that I should evolve.

This time, the preparations are perfect unlike the time I evolve in the middle layer.

Safety is secured, and there's food too.

There's no problem.

If there's a problem, then there's only one. "Taboo" seems to reached max level in this evolution.

"Taboo", huh??

I think that something will happen when this reaches max level, but I don't know the details even with Wisdom-sama's power.

I wonder what will happen.

Well, now that I have come until here, evasion is already impossible, so I have no choice but to accept what happens.

I pray that it won't be an instant death or an irrevocable penalty.

Hmm.

Well, although scary things are scary, I think that it won't go until that nasty.

Up until now, the mysterious skill like "Pride" don't have disadvantages after all.

It might super-strengthen me unexpectedly without a disadvantage.

Even if it won't be like that, I don't think that D who's a criminal for pleasure will impose a death penalty like instant death when it reaches max level.

Because it's that fellow, I'm sure that she will choose to keep me alive and enjoy looking at me.

Huh?

If that's the case, then I will experience a more frightening experience than death.

... Let's not think about it.

It can't be helped even if I think.

As for "Taboo", I will take it as it comes.

There's no more than this.

The candidate of evolution is three.

Greater Taratect is the evolution to return to the former Taratect.

It's the guy that I saw at the lower layer.

Well, it's certainly strong, but I don't have the intention to evolve to this.

After all, my body will become big.

One of the evolution conditions of the Arachne is a small size or medium size spider-type monster, so if I become that huge Greater Taratect, I can't evolve into the Arachne.

That's why, Greater Taratect is out.

The remainder is two.

Ede Saine and Ortho Kadinart.

『Ede Saine：Evolution Condition：Zoa Ere LV20：Explanation：The small spider-type monster that's feared as the symbol of death. It has a very high combat ability and stealth nature』

『Ortho Kadinart：Evolution Condition：Small spider-type monster that has status more than the standard value, possesses magic-type skills：Explanation：The spider-type monster that's well versed in magic. It has high intelligence, and it's good at entangle-type such as putting a trap, etc』

Ortho Kadinart is a magic-type, and Ede Saine is the higher rank evolution of Zoa Ere.

However, Ortho Kadinart is not so important.

Although it's an evolution unlocked thanks to "Magic Extremity" and "Divine Magic", to be frank, it's a failure evolution.

After all, even if it says that it's intelligent, that's the monster standard.

I have been creating traps since I was born.

In addition, the Ortho Kadinart stops evolving here.

In other words, it's to that extent.

Even if I look at the Evolution Tree, it can't be said as a high rank monster, so it's not attractive.

Compared with it, Ede Saine is amazing.

It's final evolution is still far, and when I see the Evolution Tree, it's a monster of the rank one step before Mother.

The monster's rank can be understood to some extent according to the position of the written monster's name in the Evolution Tree.

When saying from the position of the name, it's the evolution form that's one evolution behind the Queen Taratect which seems to be Mother's species.

That's Ede Saine.

The rank as a monster is way higher than the other evolution candidates.

Thus, if I were to choose, it's Ede Saine.

If there's no Wisdom-sama's Evolution Tree, I would be hesitating.

Wisdom-sama is really amazing.

By the way, Arachne is a special evolution, so it's independent from the Evolution Tree.

The evolution conditions are "Pride" holder, small size or medium size monster, and more than level 50.

It's an incredibly absurd.

And, there's something wrong with me who seriously aim at it.

《Individual Zoa Ere evolves into Ede Saine》

Then, Evolution Start!

《Evolution completed》

《Became the Ede Saine species》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『High-speed HP Recovery LV1』 has become 『High-speed HP Recovery LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Magic Granting LV4』 has become 『Magic Granting LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Destruction LV4』 has become 『Enhanced Destruction LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Slashing LV5』 has become 『Enhanced Slashing LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Poison LV9』 has become 『Enhanced Poison LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV1』 was derived from Skill 『Enhanced Poison LV10』》

《『Enhanced Poison LV10』 has unified with 『Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV1』 has become 『Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fighting Spirit LV6』 has become 『Fighting Spirit LV7』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Vitality Granting LV3』 has become 『Vitality Granting LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Universal Thread LV3』 has become 『Universal Thread LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Dark Magic LV7』 has become 『Dark Magic LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Dimension Magic LV1』 has become 『Dimension Magic LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Destruction Resistance LV3』 has become 『Destruction Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Blunt Resistance LV3』 has become 『Blunt Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Slash Resistance LV3』 has become 『Slash Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Petrifaction Resistance LV3』 has become 『Petrifaction Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Acid Resistance LV4』 has become 『Acid Resistance LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Great Pain Alleviation LV3』 has become 『Great Pain Alleviation LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Destiny LV1』 has become 『Destiny LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Body Flicker LV4』 has become 『Body Flicker LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Durability LV4』 has become 『Durability LV5』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV9』 has become 『Taboo LV10』》

《Acquired skill 『Corrosion Resistance LV1』 by evolution》

《『Corrosion Resistance LV1』 has unified with 『Corrosion Resistance LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Corrosion Resistance LV4』 has become 『Corrosion Resistance LV5』》

《Acquired skill 『Evil Eye of Extinction LV1』 by evolution》

《Skill points gained》

《Conditions met. Activating the effect of Taboo. Installing》

《Installation completed》

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kumoko = Future Demon King confirmed.

Everything is caused by D.

130 Taboo

... Good morning.

....

This is the worst.

Ah, really the worst.

What "Taboo".

Certainly a "Taboo".

I shouldn't have let such a thing to reach max level.

It's better if I don't know about it.

D, what a person with a bad personality.

What do you want me to do, telling me such information when I'm a person who violates the taboo?

This is the worst.

I shouldn't have helped the adventurers a while ago.

This is sickening.

It's the worst.

This is the worst.

All of the Humans and the Demons should just perish.

I feel sick.

What did Administrator Gyuriedistodiez do so far?

Why did you spoil them until it became like this?

There's no need to give such mercy to those guys.

It's not enough even if you exterminate them.

Ah, I understand it.

Such a thing can't be done.

Although I understand, I will get irritated when I think including it.

What should I do?

Now that I know this, it can't be said that I'm unrelated.

There's no more time either.

I must take actions.

For that reason, I need power.

My status rose considerably by this evolution.

But, such thing is meaningless.

The power in the Ｗ system is only a power that works in the system after all.

If I start my actions now, it's necessary to acquire the power that can only interfere the ＭＡ area.

Although I have three authority of the Ruler class, it's insufficient with just those.

It must be the power of the Administrator class.

Then, I have no choice but to reach the Administrator class by force.

D foresaw it.

That fellow.

So, that's why it's the ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill.

Although it might be her own way of showing sincerity, I can't think other than she aimed at this to happen.

Damn.

After all, everything is on top of her palm.

Although it's the worst, I have no choice but to get on her palm.

There's no other choices.

Ah, damn.

I'm feeling irritated.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Anger LV1』》

Ah, yeah.

It doesn't matter.

Even if I have such skill, it doesn't have any meaning.

... No, if I devote to skills, maybe,

Will it work?

Un.

It seems to work.

If that's the case, I will raise my level as usual, and develop my skills.

But, I can't say carefree things anymore.

Let's resolve myself.

Now that it become like this, it can't be helped.

If it's true, it's quick to keep killing the Humans and the Demons, but if I do that, as expected, Gyuriedistodiez will not remain silent.

Even though he's restrained by D, that guy will definitely come and obstruct me.

If it's the current me, I can't win against Gyuriedistodiez even if he does a handstand.

In order to make him not to obstruct me, I must become more stronger than him.

Even if I can't be so strong, I must at least acquire the power at the level that he will hesitate to interfere me.

I eat the snake's corpse that I left.

I must restore my SP that decreased because of evolution first of all.

I finish eating the snake.

I can't say that I can eat the other one slowly anymore.

I will eat it quickly.

Transfer.

The destination is the lower layer.

If it's here, I don't have to worry about the monsters.

Although I have made the upper layer as a base in consideration of safety up until now, I can't afford to say such thing anymore.

I will hunt every monster that's caught in my eyes.

And, how many level will rise?

And, how much is the effect?

I have no choice but to do it.

Move.

Found a monster.

Appraise.

A monster of the eel class in strength.

But, it's no longer my enemy.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV1 has become LV2》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV2 has become LV3》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV3 has become LV4》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evil Eye of Extinction LV1』 has become 『Evil Eye of Extinction LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

3 level up.

Only one skill rose.

Not enough.

It's not enough at all.

Let's go with the intention to kill all the monsters in the lower layer.

If the Earth Dragon appears, I will kill it without hesitation.

It's fine to kill such a worthless vanguard.

Rather than secluding themselves in such a labyrinth where no one comes, it's better for them to be my food and they can prove their use for a long time.

There shouldn't be a Dragon in the upper layer and the middle layer anymore.

There are four in the lower layer, and there are nine in the bottom layer.

I will kill everything.

Ah, I wonder why did I reincarnate to such a world.

It would be better if this world will just perish.

Why, for such a world....

Ah, I understand.

I must do it.

But, it's not for this world.

It's only for me.

I will do it only for me.

Otherwise, who will do it for such a shitty world?

This is the worst.

It's the worst.

Let's kill the life of this world widely.

Although it's a troublesome thing, let's acquire power to ruin this world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ck2: The last obstinacy of a man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

K2 The last obstinacy of a man

Author note: Kanata's point of view

Why did it become like this?

I look at the other me in an absentminded consciousness.

The other me shoots magic toward Shun without hesitation.

Together with the soldiers around me.

My magic doesn't work on Shun.

Originally, there was a difference in talent between me and Shun.

Even if the difference was small when we were still small, the difference became big as we grow.

I have also been jealous of that talent.

But, I came to respect Shun purely when I see him who continue to put efforts earnestly.

Ah, come to think of it, this guy was a guy who will dash without hesitation if he has an aim since the previous life.

Although he was absorbed in game in the previous life, in this world now, the aim is his older brother, Julius-san who's the Hero.

He was already talented, and the result of continuing to put efforts with a higher aim was the scene in front of me.

The Flame Magic that I shot is the annihilation-type magic that burns a wide range.

Although it doesn't have the power like the great magic, still, the damage becomes serious if it's shot at a group.

Shun offsets it with magic, and even protected the enemy soldiers in the surroundings, making the damage to 0.

He's a good-natured guy like a fool with absurd skills as usual

I can only say that he's a fool to protect the enemy purposely.

Although I tried to smile wryly, I showed a hateful expression against my will.

「Katia! Return to sanity!」

「You are noisy. I am sane. A rebel should just be punished obediently like a rebel」

The things that I don't think of goes out from my mouth.

But, I know.

That I myself is the one who tell these words.

There was a lot of such sign since childhood.

My previous life is a man.

In this world, I'm a woman.

I live as a woman while having the mind of a man.

Such odd me.

Like water and oil, there was something that didn't mix somewhere.

The gap deepen steadily as I grow.

I was attracted to the cute accessory that I ignored in my previous life.

Even though I shouldn't have liked sweet things, it became my favorite.

I felt nothing even if I see a woman's body.

I had my first period like it was natural.

It became natural that menses came.

My chest swells and my figure became like a woman too.

It's not only my body.

The inside also gradually changed.

Before even I myself notice.

The decisive one is when Shun was attacked by Yuugo.

At that time, I was upset to the extent that even I don't know.

The moment I thought that Shun might be killed, my front starts to become pure white.

At first, I thought that Shun is my best friend from the previous life, and it can be said that he's already my one and only best friend.

But, when I meet Shun afterwards, my feelings can't calm down.

Even I myself don't know what the feelings are.

However, I thought that I didn't want to lose Shun strongly.

That feeling became strong day by day.

My feelings won't calm down when I'm close to Shun.

And yet, when Shun is not close to me, I feel lonely and can't calm down.

My feeling won't calm down even if I'm close to him or not.

I was puzzled over such unstable feelings.

I was swung around by my incomprehensible feelings.

No.

I actually knew what the feelings were.

However, there was only the mind that I didn't want to accept it.

I who was a man originally.

I'm now a woman.

Perhaps, my heart have definitely broke recently.

My heart splits whenever I see Sue and Yuri cling to Shun.

Despite that, there's the me who doesn't accepts it.

The contradicting heart's conflict.

But, the balance had already inclined.

My mind depends on my body.

In other words, it's such a thing.

Therefore, I who's looking at my fight with Shun is only the remainder of the existence called Ooshima Kanata.

The remainder that has a man's mind.

Perhaps, because I was a man, the Charm that Yuugo cast didn't work on me.

After that incident, although I didn't tell Shun, I applied a strict watch on Yuugo.

I build a monitoring system with my Duke house initiation, I checked his actions in detail everyday.

Although it should be like that, a suspicious point can be seen in the report after sometime.

I use a trustworthy man for monitoring.

There's no way that he will betray.

And yet, the contents that can only be think as false started to be mixed in the report.

I changed the monitoring person.

If I think about it now, that was not good.

Shun inherited the Hero title and left the academy.

The change from there was instant.

At first, Yuri's state became strange.

Yuri who should have been devoted to the Divine Word Religion stopped telling such story.

Next is Sue.

It was clear that she will be depressed because Shun left the academy, but unbelievably, she became lively.

Something begins to go amiss.

Even though I recognize it like that, I don't know the cause.

I understood it after I was called by the people of the Duke house who were monitoring Yuugo, entrapped, and I was brainwashed by Yuugo.

At this time, most of the people of the Duke house have already brainwashed by that guy.

And, now I end up fighting with Shun.

Yuugo's brainwash is dreadful.

It can be said that having normal consciousness like this is a miracle.

Surely, the other brainwashed guys must love and respect Yuugo from the bottom of their hearts.

Even if I have my consciousness like this, there's nothing I can do.

The me who's a remainder can do nothing.

But.

That doesn't means that I have to give up!

In a man, there's a thing called as a man's pride!

I shouted to my absentminded thought.

At the moment my outer consciousness concentrates on magic construction, I interrupt the construction with all my power.

The magic explodes.

「Katia!?」

Shun rushes over in surprise.

I'm caught just before I fall to the ground.

But, I understand that my life is ending.

This is fine.

The outer me should have also wished for this.

The desperate face of Shun is reflected in my blurred sight.

What a terrible face.

I laugh incidentally.

Unlike a while ago, my cheek rises according to my will.

If I can die laughingly, I'm satisfied.

And, my consciousness sinks as it is into the abyss.

I'm pulled forcibly by a warm light.

「Ah, Shun?」

「Katia, did you return to sanity?」

「Huh? My...wound?」

There's no wound that I should have received by the magic explosion.

「I cured it」

Shun who says it easily.

I certainly thought that I died.

「You..are...an..absurd..guy..as...usual」

「Don't talk anymore now. We will escape from here」

I'm lifted with a princess carry.

At that moment, my heart throbs to the extent that I thought it was going to explode.

Even though it's such a situation, my face flushes.

Ah, this is bad.

It's already bad.

At this moment, Ooshima Kanata became Carnatia Seri Anabald in a true meaning.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter cb-2: Maou-sama is dismayed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

B2 Maou-sama is dismayed

I confirm the import of goods and take a breath.

Our side has considerably worn out in the previous great war too.

Weapons, foods, and life goods.

It's the situation where it's insufficient no matter how many goods we have.

I swallow the desire that wants to take a rest somehow, and move.

I have a lot of things to do.

I'm pressed to reorganized for the next departure and the confirmation of the Demon army damage situation from the previous great war.

We were able to inflict considerable damage to the Humans in the previous great war.

Especially, the Hero was killed.

The Hero is the best force of the Humans.

If that is lost, the Human's morale will drop too.

Although a new Hero might be born somewhere, it will take time to find the person, and even if the person becomes the Hero, it may not be strong at first.

There's a possibility that it's a child.

Because it's said that the Hero killed this time inherited the Hero title during his childhood, so it's not impossible.

However, the damage here is also large.

It's large to have lost General Agna who led the First Army.

That person was a person who had the power, experience, and knowledge to the extent that he can be the Demon King.

He has been annihilated together with the army by the Myth rank monster, Queen Taratect that appeared in the battlefield suddenly.

This loss is too big.

Queen Taratect.

A super-rank monster that appeared suddenly and disappeared suddenly.

I don't think that it appeared in the battlefield accidentally.

If that's the case,....

「Oh? Isn't it Balto? What's wrong?」

I endure my body that almost trembled somehow.

When I turned around, there's the figure of the person who I don't want to meet now.

It's Maou-sama.

Standing beside her is Shiro.

「Hey hey. It looks like you're working busily. Hardship hardship」

「If you think so, please help a little」

「But I refuse」

The laughing Maou-sama.

It looks like her mood is unusually good.

Shiro who's at the side pulls Maou-sama's sleeve.

「Ah, right. Balto, did the luggage reach?」

「Luggage, is it? If it's the import of goods, it's completed」

「Oh! Shiro-chan, we can't stay here like this! Balto, there's a luggage for me, right?」

「Eh?」

「Eh?」

Maou-sama and I tilt our heads to the side.

I think that there was no such luggage.

「By the way, what are the contents?」

「The finest Kurikuta set」

「Ah」

I have an idea about that luggage.

「Ah? It's there, isn't it? So, where is it?」

This is bad.

I didn't know that it was Maou-sama's luggage.

「Well, I gave it to Sanatoria」

「Why!?」

「I'm sorry. Because Sanatoria likes to eat the Kurikuta fruit since the old days, I misunderstood that it was her thing」

「Wh...at...?」

The depressed Maou-sama.

Shiro who leaves Maou-sama and begins to run.

Maou-sama and I return to consciousness, and chase Shiro.

Ahead of my sight after turning the corner of the hallway, Shiro was smashing the door of Sanatoria's room.

「Eh!? What!?」

Sanatoria's surprised voice sounds.

Shiro stiffens in the state that the door was smashed.

She opens her eyes wide.

When I see the room, there was the figure of Sanatoria and Kogou.

And, the empty tableware placed on the table.

「A-Ah...」

Shiro speaks in a despaired voice.

Maou-sama also becomes stiff staring at the empty tableware.

「Fuu」

「Shiro-chan!?」

Shiro fell suddenly.

Falls backward from the head.

A dull sound is made and stopped moving.

「Gyaa!? Shiro-chan!?」

Is it a shock to not being able to eat the fruit to the extent that she will lose consciousness?

It becomes doubtful whether she really the person who killed the Hero.

However, I can understand it if I see that eyes a little while ago.

At the moment I saw it, fear runs in my body.

「This is bad! Shiro-chan is not breathing! MEDIC!」

Maou-sama runs off while carrying Shiro.

Leaving behind me and the two who don't understand the situation.

Sanatoria sinks down on the spot.

Kogou also looks pale.

「What is it?」

「Ah. Sorry. The fruits that have been delivered here was actually Maou-sama's thing that I delivered by mistake」

It seems that Sanatoria understands from that.

「I thought that it was strange because I didn't ask for it. Because I was talking with Kogou, we ate it together」

「Sorry. It's my mistake」

「Please do the follow-up properly, okay? I don't want to be executed for such a foolish reason」

「Ah」

There's no way that a precious General will be executed for such a foolish thing.

But, I'm not sure because it's that Maou-sama.

「However, it's unusual for you to talk with Kogou」

「It's just right. You should also join」

「What?」

「The contact with the Elves」

「What?」

「It looks like General Agna has advanced the negotiations with the Elves. They came into contact with me」

「Is that true?」

「Yes. Do you have the mind to betray that Demon King and side with us?」

My movement stops by Sanatoria's words.

「You heard it, right? Blow's last moment. While Shiro has the power to instant kill the Hero, she overlooked easily that Blow was killed. If we follow that Demon King, it's clear that we will also be used and crushed sooner and later. If we deceive that Demon King in collusion with the Elves, we should be able to defeat her」

I look at the direction where Maou-sama disappeared slowly.

「Blow is your younger brother, right? Aren't you frustrated?」

「Of course I'm frustrated」

A low voice came out even if I say so myself.

Sanatoria draws back one step to my voice.

I let out a sigh to that state.

「This is the friendship of a childhood friend. I will pretend that I didn't hear this story」

「So, you won't join?」

「Because there's no winning chance」

「Why do you think so?」

「I can't win her. If she feels like it, she can even exterminate the Humans and the Demons alone. I know that. That's why, I can't do such a suicidal action like opposing her」

I turn my back on Sanatoria who became silent and the flustered Kogou who has not even said a word from a while ago.

「You should reconsider it」

「I will return those words as it is completely」

I began to walk without looking back.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「I have heard it, I have heard it. Elves, huh? They are annoying by now」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

131 I lost

Eat.

Eat.

Eat.

I don't hide the act anymore.

I crunch daringly and swallow it.

Like eating everything until it runs out.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Satiation LV3』 has become 『Satiation LV4』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Divinity Area Expansion LV5』 has become 『Divinity Area Expansion LV6』》

I rampaged in the lower layer.

As if I'm venting my accumulated anger.

The weak monsters and the strong monsters are hunted equally and thoroughly.

At such time, I met that guy again.

Earth Dragon Kaguna.

The second Earth Dragon that I met in the lower layer.

I fought it.

I lost.

That's right, I lost.

An unexpected defeat.

If I was late even in an instant to escape with Transfer, I would be burned by the breath.

Ah, well, because the Earth Dragon's breath is similar to the power of earth, I won't be burned though.

Ah.

I never thought that I will lose.

I became slightly strong and was self-conceited.

After all, the Earth Dragon is scary.

In the first place, what's with that strange toughness?

Isn't it unfair that my "Corrosion Attack" can only graze it?

Even though I receive a self-destruction damage that makes my sickles useless.

I can't use the huge magic like "Abyss Magic" now.

Having said that, if it's a magic with low power, it will be negated by the effect of "Reverse Scale".

Although it's movement is very slow, it's defensive ability is too high.

Ah, I can't stand this.

Haa.

But, it did become a good opportunity to cool my head.

I thought that it's not like me.

To go berserk and rampage.

Well, I understood the cause, so it's a fact that I felt unpleasant.

But, as expected, charging with blood rose to my head is not like me.

Although I will continue to raise my level in the lower layer from now on, let's calm down a little.

In the first place, although the period of the serious battle in the middle layer is too long, my original combat method is to make a home and stay inside there.

How can I charge to the Earth Dragon without any plan.

With that alone, I almost lose myself.

Nai wa.

I'm definitely receiving the effect.

Otherwise, I won't lose my temper even if it's "Taboo" or whatever it is.

If it's back then, I will do it with a light mood like 「Seriously? Yosh. Let's kill the Humans and the Demons!」.

I shouldn't have such unpleasant feelings to this extent.

Ah ah, Microphone Test, Microphone Test.

This is Main-in-charge, please respond.

［This is former Body-in-charge, over］

｛Loud and clear, over｝

〈Same on the right, over〉

（Same on the left, over）

〔Same at the top, over〕

「No, why did you go up? Over」

Everyone, how are your conditions?

［Intense resistance continues, over］

｛Roughly favorable, over｝

〈Same on the right, over〉

（Same on the left, over）

〔Same at the top, over〕

「Same at the bottom? Over」

Then, continue as it is.

And so, I challenged the Earth Dragon a while ago and lost.

［Huh?］

｛Huh?｝

〈Haaaaaaaa!?〉

(Are you an idiot?)

〔Are you stupid?〕

「Are you a trash?」

You all, saying things as you please.

Sorry, I'm a stupid idiotic trash, I'm sorry.

〈So, how's the damage? 〉

There's none.

Because I transfer at the last moment and escaped.

〔Well, it's fine if you're safe〕

(Because Main is pretty much the main body, so if you die, we might die like a chain reaction, you know?)

「Right. Please move a little more careful」

Understood.

I have reflected it.

As expected, I judge that I can't win it alone.

Therefore, can someone return during the next time I fight with that guy?

［Saying something like someone, does that means that everyone don't have to return?］

Un.

One person is fine.

（Is it all right?）

Probably.

In addition, if I can't overcome such a handicap, the Administrator is a dream within a dream.

｛I understand. If that's the case, I will return｝

Roger.

I will call you when that time comes.

「Then, is that all for this time?」

（Good job）

Yes yes.

I'm counting on you.

〈Roger〉

Now then.

They are doing well.

The problem is here.

I must work out a strategy to be able to defeat the Earth Dragon somehow.

First of all, let's recall that guy's status.

『Earth Dragon Kaguna　LV26

ＨＰ：４１９８／４１９８（Green）

ＭＰ：３３３９／３６５４（Blue）

ＳＰ：２７９８／２７９８（Yellow）

：２９９５／３１１２（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３９８９（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：４３３３（Details）

Average Magic Ability：１８３７（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：４００５（Details）

Average Speed Ability：１２２５（Details）

Skill

「Earth Dragon LV2」 「Reverse Scale LV9」 「Hard Shell LV8」 「Steel Body LV8」 「High-speed HP Recovery LV6」 「MP Recovery Speed LV2」 「MP Consumption Down LV2」 「Magic Perception LV3」 「Magic Manipulation LV3」 「Offensive Magic Power LV1」 「SP Recovery Speed LV1」 「SP Consumption Down LV1」 「Earth Attack LV9」 「Enhanced Earth LV8」 「Enhanced Destruction LV8」 「Enhanced Piercing LV6」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV5」 「Accuracy LV3」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Heat Perception LV6」 「Soil Magic LV2」 「Destruction Resistance LV9」 「Great Slash Resistance LV2」 「Great Pierce Resistance LV3」 「Great Blunt Resistance LV6」 「Great Shock Resistance LV4」 「Earth Nullity」 「Fire Resistance LV3」 「Lightning Resistance LV7」 「Water Resistance LV3」 「Wind Resistance LV5」 「Heavy Resistance LV2」 「Great Abnormal Condition Resistance LV8」 「Corrosion Resistance LV3」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV3」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV4」 「Enhanced Vision LV3」 「Enhanced Hearing LV1」 「Destiny LV2」 「Magic Well LV3」 「Body Flicker LV1」 「Durability LV1」 「Herculean Strength LV9」 「Fortress LV2」 「Mage LV2」 「Heaven Protection LV1」 「Shrink Space LV1」

Skill points：３１２００

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Dragon」 「Conqueror」』

Seriously hard!

What's terrible is the defense skills are too perfect.

This is a moving fortress.

Can I defeat this with a handicap?

I'm losing a little confidence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

132 Earth Dragon Kaguna capture preparations

Well, how to defeat that Earth Dragon?

I mean, can that be defeated?

Completely specialized in defense.

Although my status is also one-sided, that guy even has its skills specialized in defense.

High defensive ability and the ability to interfere magic by the Dragon's default skill, "Reverse Scale".

And increasing the defensive ability even more with the "Hard Shell" skill and "Steel Body" skill.

Both are continuous activation-type skills, so it simply increases the defensive ability.

Because of these skills, it's already high defensive ability improves even more.

And there, the various resistance-type skills.

It doesn't have the intention to receive any damage.

Especially, the troublesome one in the resistance is "Great Abnormal Condition Resistance".

It's the evolved skill of the "Abnormal Condition Resistance" skill that the Fire Dragon had.

It's the worst affinity to me who uses abnormal condition attack as my main weapon.

Thanks to that, neither the poison nor the paralysis nor the curse work.

Ah, the curse seems to enter the abnormal condition category somehow.

Because of that, the Evil Eyes are almost useless.

It's considerably painful that poison doesn't work either.

After all, I have relied on poison so far after I was born.

It's considerably a shock that it doesn't work.

I who even made resistance holder into my poison's prey up until now, but the opponent has high defensive ability this time.

Although it still receives damage, it's recovered instantly by "High-speed HP Recovery".

Abnormal condition doesn't work.

Having said that, it's impossible if I say whether physical attack works.

Even the "Corrosion Attack" only graze it, so if I think to do something on that with physical attack, I will need the physique of Mother class.

But still, it's frightening that I don't know whether I can break through that defensive ability or not.

Even if I break through the defense and inflict damage like that, after all, it has "High-speed HP Recovery", so it will gradually recover.

What a cheat to be tough and a recovery holder.

Thanks to that, there's not much meaning in using heavy attack.

If neither physical nor abnormal condition work, as expected, I only have magic.

Fortunately, there's no resistance to my specialty, dark.

But, when becoming a battle of reducing each other, the possibility for it to endure with recovery and high original defensive ability is high.

Then, it's possible that it will acquire resistance in the middle of the fight, and the damage and recovery are reversed.

If that happens, it's already the end.

"Space Magic" don't have offensive means.

If its evolved skill, "Dimension Magic", it has offensive means, but because it's difficult to use, I don't want to use it.

"Heresy Magic" is out of the question.

If I use Soul Break, it's putting the cart before the horse.

Why did D include such a thing in the system?

No, although I understand the reason, I can't help but to doubt her sanity.

Ah, no, there's no way that it's sanity.

It's a person who has a mad existence.

Well, leaving aside D.

If I shoot magic foolishly, it might acquire the resistance, so it's better to think that halfway damage has the opposite effect.

Then, after all, the reliable one will be a huge shot.

There's only "Abyss Magic".

With what I have now, it's the only one that has winning chance.

The problem is how to activate it.

The "Abyss Magic" can't be activated by me alone.

I must use the power of "Parallel Will".

Because it's decided that only one will return, it can be activated.

But, the other me can't do any other supports in order to prepare for the activation.

Then, after all, I need to fight with that alone until the preparations are completed.

Earth Dragon Kaguna's attack is plain and simple.

It will crush me with its large build physically if I'm near, and it will release a breath if I'm far.

That's all.

But, even though it's only that much, it's strong.

The power of the breath is impressive.

It's more dreadful than the Fire Dragon.

Although it's the only help that its "Accuracy" skill is low, it doesn't matter if it releases a wide range breath.

Its physical ability is also high.

Being huge alone is a threat.

Because that huge thing approaches without questions, it's not a thing that can be endured.

With that body, it's slow, or so I thought, but because it's speed exceeds 1000, it's more faster than common monsters.

Well, if it's my speed, I can dodge it, but it will probably end if I receive it.

Must I complete the "Abyss Magic" in the tension?

It's hard.

Because the magic composition of "Abyss Magic" is complicated, I can't do a skillful thing like making it beforehand as reserves.

Although it might be possible if I gather everyone, it's impossible to gather everyone now.

After all, I have no choice but to construct the magic while fighting and fire it on the spot.

Difficult.

But, it's possible.

After all, I have the perfect skill for restraining called "Universal Thread".

I will make full use of "Universal Thread" to restrain the Earth Dragon, gain some time to advance the preparations of "Abyss Magic", and fire it when it's completed.

It's good.

Fufufu.

Just wait for me, Earth Dragon Kaguna.

Your fate will end soon.

I explore the lower layer triumphantly.

And, I found my heart's desire Earth Dragon Kaguna.

『Earth Dragon Geere　LV24

ＨＰ：３５５６／３５５６（Green）

ＭＰ：２９９１／２９９１（Blue）

ＳＰ：４０６７／４０６７（Yellow）

：３５６２／３８４５（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３４３３（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：３８７４（Details）

Average Magic Ability：１３４３（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：３３９６（Details）

Average Speed Ability：４１２２（Details）

Skill

「Earth Dragon LV2」 「Reverse Scale LV6」 「Hard Shell LV2」 「Steel Body LV2」 「High-speed HP Recovery LV3」 「MP Recovery Speed LV1」 「MP Consumption Down LV1」 「Magic Perception LV3」 「Magic Manipulation LV3」 「Offensive Magic Power LV1」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV3」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV3」 「Earth Attack LV8」「Enhanced Earth LV8」 「Enhanced Destruction LV9」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV8」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV4」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV8」 「Space Maneuver LV5」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Probability Correction LV7」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Presence Perception LV8」 「Heat Perception LV7」 「Motion Perception LV8」 「Soil Magic LV2」 「Destruction Resistance LV4」 「Slash Resistance LV8」 「Pierce Resistance LV8」 「Blunt Resistance LV9」 「Shock Resistance LV5」 「Earth Nullity」 「Lightning Resistance LV3」 「Great Abnormal Condition Resistance LV3」 「Corrosion Resistance LV1」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV7」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV5」 「Enhanced Vision LV7」 「Enhanced Hearing LV5」 「Enhanced Smell LV4」 「Enhanced Touch LV3」 「Constitution LV9」 「Magic Well LV1」 「Heaven Motion LV2」 「Abundant Sky LV1」 「Herculean Strength LV8」 「Solid LV9」 「Mage LV1」 「Amulet LV8」 「Idaten LV3」

Skill points：３１０００

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Dragon」 「Conqueror」』

Together with another Earth Dragon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

133 No.1 of hardness, No.2 of speed

No, that's impossible.

Nai wa.

What's that?

Of course I escaped with Transfer.

There's no choice to not escape.

There's no way I can win.

Kaguna that I don't know whether I can win or not is together with Geere that has "Space Maneuver" and it's clear that it's a speed type just by seeing its status.

It's like I'm told to die.

If they come in such lineup, I can't win even if I gather all of my "Parallel Will".

Nai wa.

Earth Dragon Geere has a considerably smart appearance, and it was a figure close to Alaba.

Although it was huge, unlike the short and stout Kaguna, it has a sharp form that seems to be fast.

Actually, it's speed type that has the speed exceeding 4000.

Besides, it has high perception-type skills and "Evasion" skill, so it seems that it doesn't have the intention to receive any attack.

I mean, although it's serious that my eyes are attracted to its speed, Geere-san's defensive ability is quite a lot.

Although it's not as much as Kaguna, it has high status with the support by the skills, quite a lot of resistance, and there's also the "High-speed HP Recovery" skill.

It won't hit and even if it hits, it's not painful.

What can I do against such thing?

And, it's physical offensive ability is high enough.

Especially, the blades attached to both arms.

I have the premonition that I will split in two if I receive it.

Move around in high speed, blessed physique, and the attack with the blade.

Of course, breath is a standard equipment.

My attacks can't hit, and even if it hits, it's not a big deal if the power is low.

What an impossible game.

Huh?

Although this guy's level is lower than Kaguna, isn't it more troublesome than Kaguna in a certain meaning?

First of all, I should marked it, and wait for those two separate from now on and act.

Marking is one of the effect of "Wisdom", I can attach a mark on the target.

It's a function that I can know the target's location no matter where it is as long as this mark is attached.

Well, if it's a place that I don't know, it will only show roughly "around here" though.

Although the lower layer's map is not completed yet, the mark of Kaguna and Geere is close together.

It seems that they won't separate for a while.

Incidentally, if I mark it, I can confirm the target's status anytime.

If I see this, I can transfer to it and assault it when it's weakened.

Though I don't think that the two Earth Dragons will weaken.

By the way, something like composing a different magic before transfer, and fire it to the opponent at the moment I transfer can't be done.

Even if I compose a magic beforehand, it will disperse at the moment I transfer.

This is not just the composition power, but it can't be helped because it's the specification of Transfer.

For the time being, let's raise my level in a different location until these guys separate.

There should still be other Earth Dragons in the lower layer, so it's alright to defeat the other one first.

Like a revenge on Alaba.

Come to think of it, I begin to be afraid of Earth Dragon is because of that guy.

It's not bad to defeat that guy to overcome my trauma.

Should I return to the pit where the large swarm of bees are there after a long time?

Ah, I have "Space Maneuver" now, so doesn't that means that I can overhunt the bees as much as I want?

Oh.

That's good.

Good for experience points and food.

Because I started to overhunt the monsters in the lower layer, I have secured too many foods.

But, when I start the level raising of skills that uses SP, the foods are consumed quite fast.

I have a lot of skills that I want to raise like "Dragon Power" and "Space Maneuver" that didn't rise much in the middle layer and the upper layer.

That's why, food is never too much no matter how much I have.

If it's the current me, it won't be a hard fight against the bees, so I will consider that place as my temporary food storage.

If luck is on my side, I will encounter Alaba, and I want to at least check its status and mark it.

Just by seeing Kaguna and Geere, it seems that it's hard to fight the Earth Dragon without countermeasures.

Besides, Alaba's level should be higher than Kaguna if my memory is right.

I return with the data, and I must fight after making the countermeasures.

When I think like this, the Dragon is strong after all.

I did well to defeat the Fire Dragon in first sight.

That was really a miraculous victory.

However, the Fire Dragon has a more smart composition of status and skills than the Earth Dragons.

If I say it well, it's versatile.

If I say it badly, jack-of-all-trades and master of none.

There was only a little resistance, and it might not have much enemy in the middle layer.

Compared with it, the Earth Dragon seems to work its way up.

What's with that high resistance?

What kind of eventful Dragon life did it live to become like that?

Did it became a Dragon after fighting to the bitter end?

Lower layer is terrifying.

It might because of that, it became such a one-sided status.

Raise it's strength to the limit, and match it with the inborn defensive ability.

Kaguna swings to defense, and Geere swings to quickness.

Moreover, while they swing to one side, it's nasty that I don't have a chance.

When someone specialized in something like me, it's normal that there's a weak point that remains somewhere.

Those cheaters.

Anyway, even if I fight against such guys directly, I can't win, so let's work hard to raise my level until it becomes the situation where I can crush each one of them.

What if they never separate?

What should I do?

I don't know.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

134 Spider's natural enemy

Do you know the spider's natural enemy?

Ah, of course excluding the fire.

There's no way a spider that lives in the nature normally will go to a fire purposely.

Returning to the spider's natural enemy talk.

Although I don't know it very well, if I'm not mistaken, there are two kinds of spider's natural enemies.

I get to know about it when I looked at the documentary program while playing online game.

Thinking back now, I should have watch that program a little more.

I never thought that I will become a spider even in the dreams.

If I know more about the spider's ecology, it might be useful.

I derailed again.

One of the spider's natural enemies is the bee.

The destination that I'm heading to after transferring to a certain My Home in the upper layer is the missed pit.

When I look from the top, it's a swarm of bees just like that time.

To return to here again.

If it's a little while ago, I won't think so.

Because there are various traumas in this place.

Although the biggest trauma was my nest burst by the Earth Dragon, other than that, I have also fall into a critical situation.

This place might be the place where I'm aware of death for the first time in my life.

I was stabbed by the bee, and the countdown to death starts from there.

Thunk!

That's right, just like this.

Huh, hogyaaa!?

I was stabbed!

Wha-, you, why did you launch a surprise attack when a person is engrossed in deep emotions?

Read the atmosphere!?

I restrain the bee that got on my back and stabbed me with my thread like the old days, and hurl it as it is with a one-armed shoulder throw.

A dull sound is heard, and with that alone, the bee's HP decreases by about 70%.

For the finishing blow, I cut it in small pieces with the thread endowed with slash attribute.

Ah, you have done me.

I never thought that a surprise attack was launched to me who has the Detection ability.

Well, my HP didn't decreased much, and my automatic recovery recovers it completely.

I have also suffered from critical condition because of this in the old days.

A hole opened at my back, and because I didn't have the "Automatic HP Recovery" at that time, it was a death situation where I must level up to shed.

Thunk!

Again!?

Although there's hardly any pain because I have the "Great Pain Alleviation", it doesn't change the fact that it's irritating!

Because it's troublesome to throw it, I will cut it with the thread manipulated with "Thread Manipulation".

Ah, if there's the second time, there's a third time?

How dare you to get to my back without getting caught in my Danger Perception.

Ah, perhaps, it didn't recognize it as danger?

Certainly, it seems that there's no damage, when asking whether it's dangerous or not, it's strange.

Ah, when thinking so, that means that it didn't recognize the bee as an enemy.

Well, it's not wrong because I recognize it only as a food.

Thunk!

Stop it already!

No, as expected, isn't it strange?

Why can it get to my back easily even though it doesn't have the "Stealth" skill?

Even if you exclude the stupid me, it's strange, right?

Come to think of it, was the spider's natural enemy the bee?

Perhaps, there's a hidden affinity outside of the system.

No, that's definitely no.

Anyway, even though there's no damage, it's annoying.

Although I acknowledge that courage to fight me who has the "Intimidation" and Fear Bringer combo without being scared, your opponent was bad.

Therefore, let's start the annihilation!

I jump in the air with "Space Maneuver".

I fire magics to the bees that catches my eyes, and cut the approaching bees.

Wow.

The bees that I can win if I have a home in the old days can't win against me.

Fuhahahaha!

Look!

The bee is just like a trash!

Oh?

A bee that I have not seen before came out.

Let's see.

『General Finjegoath　LV4

Status

ＨＰ：３７１／３７１（Green）

ＭＰ：２９９／２９９（Blue）

ＳＰ：３６６／３６６（Yellow）

：３０１／３６１（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：２００（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：１６０（Details）

Average Magic Ability：１３９（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：１４３（Details）

Average Speed Ability：２１５（Details）

Skill

「Poison Stinger LV9」 「Enhanced Piercing LV3」 「Enhanced Poison LV3」 「High-speed Flight LV2」 「Cooperation LV6」 「Command LV6」 「Night Vision LV7」 「Poison Resistance LV6」

Skill points：９００』

I see.

It's the evolved form of the captain bee.

Un.

For a low status, its skills are enhanced.

Among the monsters that have almost the same status, isn't it a considerably strong one?

Well, to be frank, its status is too low, and it's not my enemy.

When I fell into this pit, most of my status is 2-digits.

If I happen to meet this guy at that time, it might be dangerous even if I use My Home.

However.

My current strength is not equal to that time!

To be specific, there's a difference of about 100 times!

I'm seriously troubled just by seeing my status became that strong.

It might not end with 100 times if I think until the skills.

It's a tremendous growth speed even if I say so myself!

Thus, although it appeared pompously, I have made the general bee to exit.

When I thought about it, the same kind of the guy came out.

Ah, that means I'm getting closer to the beehive.

Certainly, there's an object that looks like it that can be seen above.

Rather than an object, it's a building?

As expected of the 3 meter class bee's habitat.

Huge.

Un.

I have hunted a lot of bees and accumulated a lot of foods, so let's end here for today.

It's more efficient to leave it for a while to increase its number rather than annihilating it.

Therefore, I recover the corpses that dropped to the ground and withdraw.

I leave the attacking swarm of general bees in the air and fall to the ground.

I make a landing like a ninja using "Space Maneuver".

I did it.

But, my Danger Perception perceived something.

It's not the bees.

Those guys are not dangerous.

I look at the origin of the danger.

The spider has two kinds of natural enemies.

That's the spider that specialized in hunting spider.

In my sight, the spider monster appeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

135 Spider vs Spider ①

Ah, so it finally came.

Was it rather late?

Well, because I kept transferring between the upper layer and the lower layer, it might have a hard time chasing me.

Finally, it became clear that it's eaten from the inside by me.

Ah, hello.

｛Hello｝

Any movement over there?

｛It looks like it's heading somewhere｝

Ah, as expected.

｛Did something happened?｝

Un.

Mother's subordinate has attacked.

｛Ah, finally, huh?｝

Where's the present location?

｛Wait a minute. I will link it｝

Okay.

｛Hmm. Like this?｝

Ah, OK.

If it's at this position, well, it should be all right.

｛For the time being, if there's any change, I will report it｝

Aye.

Fumu.

It doesn't seem that Mother can interfere with the battle in a place like this.

But, the problem is can I defeat this guy normally.

『Arch Taratect　LV31

ＨＰ：４４６６／４４６６（Green）＋１４００

ＭＰ：３１８２／３１８２（Blue）＋１４００

ＳＰ：４２６７／４２６７（Yellow）

：４２６２／４２６２（Red）＋１２８８

Average Offensive Ability：４３９９（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：４３１５（Details）

Average Magic Ability：３００４（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：３１０１（Details）

Average Speed Ability：４２３７（Details）

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV5」 「MP Recovery Speed LV7」 「MP Consumption Down LV7」 「Magic Perception LV7」 「Magic Manipulation LV7」 「Offensive Magic Power LV6」 「Magic Combat Act LV4」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV2」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV2」 「Fighting Spirit LV7」 「Thread Talent LV5」 「Universal Thread LV3」 「Thread Manipulation LV10」 「Telekinesis LV2」 「Poison Synthesis LV5」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV10」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV3」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV2」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV4」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV8」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV3」 「Great Enhanced Shock LV1」 「Space Maneuver LV8」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV2」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Motion Perception LV10」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV4」 「Satiation LV4」 「Great Destruction Resistance LV1」 「Great Slash Resistance LV2」 「Great Pierce Resistance LV2」 「Great Blunt Resistance LV4」 「Shock Resistance LV9」 「Great Abnormal Condition Resistance LV8」 「Corrosion Resistance LV6」 「Heresy Resistance LV5」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV2」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV2」 「Enhanced Hearing LV7」 「Enhanced Smell LV2」 「Enhanced Touch LV7」 「Destiny LV2」 「Magic Well LV8」 「Heaven Motion LV1」 「Abundant Sky LV1」 「Fortitude LV2」「Fortress LV2」 「Mage LV7」 「Amulet LV8」 「Idaten LV1」 「Taboo LV7」

Skill points：３４５００

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Thread User」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」 「Human Killer」 「Conqueror」』

Isn't this impossible?

This guy, even though it's a spider, it has higher status than the Earth Dragon.

Besides, it has three Greater Taratects as attendants

In addition, there are some crawling around.

A lot of Small Lesser Taratects.

Also a lot of Small Taratects.

About 30 Taratects.

Ah, there's Poison Taratect.

Oh, Oh.

After all, the appearance is not different from the normal Taratect.

Now's not the time to feel admiration.

Although transfer and escape is the best choice, I don't want to be chased by these guys all the way after this.

Should I fight a little to reduce the number?

Assuming that the boss, Arch Taratect is impossible, I want to at least kill a Greater Taratect.

『Greater Taratect　LV29

ＨＰ：２８４５／２８４５（Green）

ＭＰ：２１０１／２１０１（Blue）

ＳＰ：２８３３／２８３３（Yellow）

：２８３９／２８３９（Red）＋７８６

Average Offensive Ability：２７６６（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：２７１０（Details）

Average Magic Ability：２０９９（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：２１０２（Details）

Average Speed Ability：２７４４（Details）

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV1」 「MP Recovery Speed LV2」 「MP Consumption Down LV1」 「Magic Perception LV6」 「Magic Manipulation LV5」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV1」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV1」 「Fighting Spirit LV4」 「Thread Talent LV2」 「Spider Thread LV9」 「Thread Manipulation LV5」 「Severing Thread LV5」 「Poison Synthesis LV2」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV5」 「Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV9」 「Enhanced Destruction LV8」 「Enhanced Slashing LV8」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV1」 「Enhanced Blunt LV5」 「Space Maneuver LV2」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Probability Correction LV5」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Motion Perception LV10」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Poison Magic LV8」 「Satiation LV9」 「Destruction Resistance LV6」 「Slash Resistance LV6」 「Pierce Resistance LV8」 「Blunt Resistance LV9」 「Shock Resistance LV5」 「Abnormal Condition Resistance LV8」 「Corrosion Resistance LV3」 「Heresy Resistance LV1」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV8」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV5」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Telephoto LV7」 「Enhanced Hearing LV4」 「Enhanced Touch LV4」 「Constitution LV6」 「Magic Well LV2」 「Body Flicker LV6」 「Durability LV6」 「Herculean Strength LV6」 「Solid LV6」 「Mage LV1」 「Amulet LV2」 「Shrink Space LV6」 「Taboo LV4」

Skill points：２９５００

Title

「Blood Relative Eater」 「Gross Feeder」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Monster Slaughterer」』

This is the strongest guy among the Greaters.

I only want to kill this guy.

Because it needs another level to evolve.

If it becomes like that, it's dangerous.

If the already dangerous Arch became two, my winning chance will disappear.

Well, although it won't be equal to the other Arch immediately after evolution, still, I'm sure that it will become troublesome.

I will kill the Greater while dodging the Arch's attack.

It's certainly a difficult work.

『Ede Saine　LV14　No name

Status

ＨＰ：２４９２／２４９２（Green）＋１７００（Details）(1805 up)

ＭＰ：９１１０／９１１０（Blue）＋１７００（Details）(4098 up)

ＳＰ：１８１３／１８１３（Yellow）（Details）(1177 up)

：１８１３／１８１３（Red）＋１４４６（Details）(1177 up)

Average Offensive Ability：１６９２（Details）(1102 up)

Average Defensive Ability：１７６３（Details）(1078 up)

Average Magic Ability：８７５８（Details）(4001 up)

Average Resistance Ability：８７０４（Details）(3833 up)

Average Speed Ability：５５４０（Details）(2388 up)

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV7 (6 up)」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic God Act LV2 (new)」 「Magic Granting LV7 (new)」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV1 (new)」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV1 (new)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV6 (3 up)」 「Enhanced Slashing LV8 (5 up)」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV1 (new)」 「Fighting Spirit LV9 (4 up)」 「Vitality Granting LV5 (3 up)」 「Dragon Power LV7 (6 up)」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV6 (2 up)」 「Corrosion Attack LV4 (2 up)」 「Heresy Attack LV6 (5 up)」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV7 (5 up)」 「Thread Talent LV8 (4 up)」 「Universal Thread LV6 (4 up)」 「Thread Manipulation LV10 (2 up)」 「Telekinesis LV1 (new)」 「Throw LV10 (2 up)」 「Shoot LV2 (new)」 「Space Maneuver LV8 (6 up)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV9 (1 up)」 「Foresight LV9 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV7 (4 up)」 「High-speed Calculation LV6 (2 up)」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Probability Correction LV7 (5 up)」 「Stealth LV10 (1 up)」 「Camouflage LV1 (new)」 「Silent LV8 (2 up)」 「Tyrant LV1 (new)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Degeneration (new)」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10 (7 up)」 「Darkness Magic LV2 (new)」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10 (8 up)」 「Space Magic LV10 (4 up)」 「Dimension Magic LV4 (new)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Anger LV2 (new)」 「Satiation LV7 (4 up)」 「Sloth (new)」 「Wisdom」 「Destruction Resistance LV5 (2 up)」 「Blunt Resistance LV5 (2 up)」 「Slash Resistance LV5 (2 up)」 「Flame Resistance LV2 (new)」 「Great Heavy Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Deadly Poison Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Paralysis Resistance LV6 (1 up)」 「Petrifaction Resistance LV5 (2 up)」 「Sleep Nullity (new)」 「Acid Resistance LV6 (2 up)」 「Corrosion Resistance LV7 (3 up)」 「Faint Resistance LV5 (2 up)」 「Fear Resistance LV9 (1 up)」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV5 (new)」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV8 (5 up)」 「Evil Eye of Grudge LV6 (4 up)」 「Evil Eye of Stasis LV5 (4 up)」 「Evil Eye of Magnetism LV1 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Extinction LV3 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV1 (new)」 「Perception Range Expansion LV5 (new)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV6 (1 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Destiny LV3 (2 up)」 「Body Flicker LV7 (4 up)」 「Durability LV7 (4 up)」 「Fortitude LV2 (new)」 「Fortress LV2 (new)」 「Idaten LV7 (2 up)」 「Taboo LV10 (1 up)」「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：９００

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer」 「Fear Bringer」 「Dragon Killer」 「Ruler of Sloth (new)」 「Natural Calamity of Monster (new)」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

136 Spider vs Spider ②

Well, first of all, let's reduce the number of small fries.

Although I thought about that, isn't it unnecessary to fight all of them honestly?

It's a strategy that I thought for the Earth Dragon, but if it's the Arch Taratect, won't it work?

Is it worth trying?

If it failed, I just have to think another way.

There's not much loss even if I fail.

Thus, let's do it, oh?

The movement of the Arch is caught by "Foresight".

I avoid it.

The fangs of the Arch pierced through the place where I was a little while ago.

Scary!?

Fast!?

As expected of the fastest monster that I have appraised.

Its "Accuracy" also reached max level, and its "Great Probability Correction" is level 2.

If I don't have my evasion combo of "Thought Acceleration", "Foresight", "Evasion" and "Probability Correction", I would be stabbed by that poison fang.

It's scary.

Well, even if I say that it's fast, it's slower than me though.

Although the Arch also activates both "Magic Combat Act" and "Fighting Spirit" to raise its physical ability, I'm faster.

After all, my level of "Magic Combat Act" and "Fighting Spirit" is higher.

My "Magic Combat Act" has evolve into "Magic God Act".

"Magic God Act" is a higher rank skill of "Magic Combat Act".

The effect is the strengthened "Magic Combat Act" and even raises magic-type status.

Thanks to that, my already absurd magic status becomes a ridiculous numerical value.

When I activate both "Magic God Act" and "Dragon Power", my magic offensive ability and my resistance ability exceed the 10000 mark.

Kukuku.

Although the Arch's physical offensive ability is incredible, it's not a big deal if it doesn't hits.

The Arch releases a thread.

Ah, that's a bad one.

I know it.

The spider's thread is bad.

It's the end if I got caught.

Well, if I got caught, I will transfer quietly though.

The attacking web.

When I dodge it, the Greater and the others start to move was caught in the corner of my sight.

Ah, it looks like it's not the time to take it easy.

Somehow, I can't feel any tension when thinking that I can escape with Transfer anytime.

I have become considerably strong, and the worry about instant death with one hit has disappeared.

My original physical status is also high, and I have "Magic God Act", "Fighting Spirit" and "Dragon Power" to strengthened it further.

I can add "Anger" if I want to, but that's as expected, too much.

The "Anger" skill raises the physical status greatly.

When you ask how much is "greatly", it has almost the same rising amount as "Fighting Spirit LV9" at level 1.

Moreover, MP and SP are not consumed.

However, when this skill is activated, the user will suffer from the abnormal condition 「Insanity」 forcefully.

Although thanks to "Heresy Nullity", I won't be attacked by insanity, I don't think that I want to use it again.

Even if I don't use it, I'm strong enough, and above all, I'm a magic-type.

There's no need to abandon magic purposely and go for hand-to-hand combat.

When thinking about "Patience", my real HP exceeds more than 10000 easily.

I want to think that there's no strong guy that can pierce this with a hit.

Well, at least, it's impossible for the Arch.

The Arch's best attack is of course the "Deadly Poison Attack LV10".

And, the "Universal Thread" as the assistance to hit it.

It's a brutal combo that the defeat might be decided at the moment I got caught even if I don't have Transfer.

Because the person who does that is saying it, it's certain.

But, it's easy if it's only escaping because I have the Transfer that I have been saying since a while ago.

Although the physical attack from a large build is certainly scary, at the point that it's inferior to me in speed, it won't even graze me.

If it attacks in numbers, it's troublesome, but that can be solved if my strategy goes well.

Well then, let's start the 「Invitation to the sauna」 strategy.

At first, I dodge the Arch's attack.

Then, I approach while dodging the Arch's attack.

Here is difficult.

After all, the Arch is a strong guy that surpassed the Earth Dragon in status.

The phantasmagoric mobility by "Space Maneuver", and the numerous attacks of entwined threads that are hard to predict.

Magic flies there further.

The magic that the Arch used is the "Poison Magic" that I used regularly.

Although it won't inflict a great damage even if it hits me who have "Deadly Poison Resistance", just by having projectile weapons, the attack pattern increases.

The Arch fires the Deadly Poison Bullet that has a high power among the "Poison Magic" in a good timing like a veteran warrior.

Although even the Deadly Poison Bullet will hardly inflict damage to me, it will produce a chance if I receive it.

The Arch aims at it than damage.

Really, this guy is dangerous.

It don't have status higher than the Earth Dragon just for show.

However, the affinity is bad this time.

After all, I know most of this guy's attack patterns.

I want you to see it even if you think.

The thing that I have cultivated in fight so far.

Make full use of the thread, fight with Poison Fang, and fire magic.

It's the same as the way I fight.

That's as expected.

I'm formerly the Taratect species, and now, I'm the same spider-type monster.

It's natural for our strategy to be similar.

In addition, not even one of this guy's attack becomes a decisive blow against me.

Just by receiving a Poison Fang won't be a fatal wound for me who have "Poison Resistance".

I can escape with Transfer before it can inject fatal poison.

The thread is also the same.

Magic is out of the question.

There's no way the physical Arch can pierce my resistance.

Then, it can only rely on it's pure physical attack, but that also won't graze me in the presence of my evasion combo.

When you say that I also lack of a trump card, it's not so.

Because I have evolved into a considerably irregular form.

I have a lot of magics that normal Taratect doesn't have.

If it's one-to-one, it's already checkmated.

That's why, it comes in army, but I wonder whether is it a misfortune that it don't have "Command" or "Cooperation" because only the Arch is forward.

Thanks to "Thought Acceleration", I can consider a lot of things idly, but if I say it in real time, not even one minute has passed.

This situation where the Greaters haven't catch up.

It can be said that the Arch's winning chance was lost at this point in time.

And, the final move.

My body touches the Arch.

I carry out the "Dimension Magic", Range Transfer.

It's a sure-fail strategy against the Earth Dragon that has "Reverse Scale" and high resistance.

But, the Arch don't have "Reverse Scale".

The height of the resistance also doesn't reach my magic power.

The Arch transfers with me.

The transferred destination is the top of the lake of magma at the middle layer where I fought against the Fire Dragon.

An invitation to the hot, hot sauna.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

137 Spider vs Spider ③

Fuhahahaha!

How's this middle layer's burning red scenery of magma!

It must be painful for a spider who's weak to fire!

I'm also hot and painful!

But, the Arch should be more hard than me.

The bottom is the sure-death sea of magma if we fall.

Because my size is small, I can land on the small islands here and there.

But, the over-all length of the Arch is about 15 meters.

There's no big island where such a large build can land.

Furthermore, this environment that reduces HP just by being in here.

I have spent a long time to raise my resistance, but the Arch don't have "Fire Resistance".

Because it has "High-speed HP Recovery", it doesn't decrease, but it doesn't change the fact that it's hard.

This is like the "High-speed HP Recovery" can't be used in reality.

It fights with me who has the worst affinity in the flame field that it's weak in while supporting its large build in the air with "Space Maneuver"

Exactly a checkmated situation.

Kukuku.

You should just die while regretting the stupidity of defying this me when you are just a spider!

Thus, first of all, "Evil Eye of Magnetism", go.

The is the evolved skill of "Evil Eye of Heaviness", and the down pulling force that can only be generated up until now, can be generated anywhere up and down, left and right.

Besides, the repelling force also became possible to be used.

When I deploy this repelling force around me, I can make something like a pseudo barrier.

However, because the air will also be repelled, I can't continue to use it for a long time.

In addition, even if it evolved and the function increased, after all, the strongest one is the down direction force.

I continue to apply that down direction force to the Arch.

In addition to it's necessary to support its large build in the air, gravity is added there further.

It's okay even if you fall, you know?

Don't worry, even if you fall, you will only die.

Come on, fall quickly, and please become the food of my experience points.

The Arch makes full use of "Space Maneuver" and holds out somehow.

A thread is released towards the ceiling.

Can't you fall quickly?

You think that I will let you do that.

"Darkness Magic", Darkness Bullet activate.

"Darkness Magic" is the higher rank magic of "Dark Magic", and it's a magic below the "Abyss Magic".

Although it's inferior to the "Abyss Magic" in power, because of that, there's a easy-to-use single target attack magic.

That's this Darkness Bullet.

It's a higher rank magic of the Dark Bullet of "Dark Magic", it's a magic that fires a pitch black ball according to the name.

It's a dark attribute attack and seems to have the shock attribute added, when it hits, it will burst open and inflict damage to the opponent.

By the way, as might be expected from a high rank magic, the power is higher than its appearance.

The Darkness Bullet hits the buttocks of the Arch that released a thread.

The thread flies to a different direction by the shock, and the Arch's HP decreases.

Let's do it rapidly.

I continue firing Darkness Bullet mercilessly.

Will it fall first?

or, will its HP be exhausted first?

I wonder which is it.

The Arch did its best.

Ah, it did its best.

It endured my attacks with effort, cured itself with "Treatment Magic", and acquired "Dark Resistance".

It's a terrific willpower, so I will praise you.

It did its best.

So just die already.

Because I continued using "Darkness Magic", it became level 3, and I use the new magic.

The name is Darkness Spear.

It's the spear version of the Darkness Bullet, and pierce attribute damage is added to it.

The Darkness Spear pierces the worn-out Arch's body.

Finally, the large spider that has the status that exceeds even the Earth Dragon has died.

4 levels rose at once.

I throw off the old skin after shedding.

Yes yes.

Recover the corpse before it falls.

I recover the corpse of the Arch that starts falling using Transfer.

I put it at My Home in the upper layer near the middle layer entrance.

I will eat it deliciously later.

Well, it's certainly obvious that it will taste bad because it's a poison holder though.

If possible, I want to wrap it with threads, but the first priority is to kill the Greaters.

Thus, Transfer again.

I return to the pit where I was a while ago.

Un.

The spider army including the Greaters are still here.

It will be troublesome in the future if I let them go here.

I mean, they are eating the corpse of the bees that I hunted.

Hey, you.

That's mine, you know?

Why are you stealing my things?

When thinking so, the Small group is fighting against the bees.

As expected, the Greaters will win against the bees, but a considerable number of bees have been defeated.

Ah, I'm sorry that it became a dogfight, but can I also participate?

No?

Even if you say no, I will participate, you know?

Now that there's no Arch, even if there are three Greaters, they are not my enemies.

Although I was scared of the Arch's high status at first, the way for the spider army to defeat me is to disturb me with small fries, and the Arch uses physical attacks.

Now that there's no Arch, it's difficult to even damage me properly.

Thus, let's do it quickly.

Because it's already troublesome, let's kill them with range magic all at once.

There's no Arch here, so it should be all right to prepare magic now because they are having a dogfight with the bee.

Although I can use range magic while fighting if I can use "Parallel Will", as expected, for me alone to use complicated magic like range magic while fighting is impossible.

Well, if I concentrate like this, I can shorten the time until activation though.

As expected, if it's me alone, it's difficult to do it while moving.

Then, "Dark Magic", Dark World activate.

Darkness begins to gush out from the abyss.

The existence that touched the darkness receives great damage.

Although it's not as the "Abyss Magic" Hell Gate, it's a magic with a moderate range and power.

When the darkness fades, the Small group is annihilated.

Even the adults, several bodies including the Poison barely survived.

As expected the Greaters survived, but they are not unhurt.

I fire Darkness Magic one by one to the guys who survived.

In this way, the spider army was annihilated comparatively disappointing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

138 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ①

Perfect victory against the spider army!

Incidentally, a level rose again.

One, huh?

Rose by 4 with the Arch, and 1 with the others.

Nai wa.

Well, because the affinity with the Arch was good by chance, I was able to defeat it easily, but it should be very strong normally.

Its status actually surpassed the Earth Dragon, and if I were to say which one is stronger if both of them fight, it's about the same.

If it's Kaguna, it might barely win by an affinity difference, but Geere probably can't win against the Arch.

Even if it's Kaguna, there's no guarantee that it can win.

Well, a win is a win.

No matter what kind of move is used, it's fine if I win, that's all!

But, what should I do with this large amount of food?

Although quite many turned into smithereens by Dark World, there's a tremendous number of corpses even if I exclude that.

Even though the Arch's large build alone is a considerable amount, can I eat all of these?

I mean, I will have a hard time even if I take all of these back to home with Transfer.

Danger Perception.

All of my body hair stands on end.

I remember this feeling.

I won't forget it.

There's no way I can forget it.

The real fear that I tasted for the first time since I reincarnated into a spider.

The symbol of death that I was conscious of for the first time since I reincarnated into a spider.

I turn around slowly.

『Earth Dragon Alaba　LV32

ＨＰ：４６６３／４６６３（Green）

ＭＰ：４０７６／４０７６（Blue）

ＳＰ：４５７０／４５７０（Yellow）

：４５６９／４５６９（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：４６１０（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：４５９７（Details）

Average Magic Ability：４０２２（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：４１３８（Details）

Average Speed Ability：４５５５（Details）

Skill

「Earth Dragon LV3」 「Heaven Scale LV2」 「Heavy Shell LV1」 「God Steel Body LV1」 「High-speed HP Recovery LV8」 「High-speed MP Recovery LV5」 「Great MP Consumption Down LV5」 「Magic Perception LV10」 「Precise Magic Manipulation LV1」 「Magic Combat Act LV9」 「Great Offensive Magic Power LV1」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV7」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV7」 「War God Spirit LV3」 「Great Vitality Granting LV3」 「Earth Attack LV10」 「Enhanced Earth LV10」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV3」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV10」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV8」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV10」 「Space Maneuver LV8」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV4」 「Stealth LV10」 「Camouflage LV3」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Heat Perception LV10」 「Motion Perception LV10」 「Soil Magic LV10」 「Earth Magic LV5」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV7」 「Great Destruction Resistance LV1」 「Great Slash Resistance LV4」 「Great Pierce Resistance LV3」 「Great Blunt Resistance LV5」 「Great Shock Resistance LV1」 「Earth Nullity」 「Fire Resistance LV6」 「Lightning Resistance LV8」 「Water Resistance LV5」 「Wind Resistance LV6」 「Dark Resistance LV4」 「Great Abnormal Condition Resistance LV7」 「Corrosion Resistance LV6」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV7」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Visible Range Expansion LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV10」 「Telephoto LV8」 「Enhanced Hearing LV10」 「Hearing Range Expansion LV3」 「Enhanced Smell LV7」 「Enhanced Touch LV7」 「Destiny LV3」 「Heaven Mana LV1」 「Heaven Motion LV3」 「Abundant Sky LV3」 「Fortitude LV3」 「Fortress LV3」 「Heaven Path LV1」 「Heaven Protection LV2」 「Idaten LV3」

Skill points：４１１００

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Dragon」 「Assassin」 「Conqueror」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」』

The appearing Dragon.

That appearance is majestic.

Long time no see.

My trauma.

This is bad.

This guy is dangerous after seeing its status again.

Picking the best of both Kaguna and Geere, and even more.

There's no chance at all.

The skill composition and the defensive ability that surpass Kaguna.

The skill composition and the speed that surpass Geere.

In addition, the high magic ability that both Kaguna and Geere don't have.

The worst thing is it can even use "Dark Magic" that's my weapon.

It's too troublesome that it has "Dark Resistance".

A perfect all-rounder.

It can attack, it can protect.

Therefore, it's strong even at the rear, and because it doesn't have a weakness, it won't lose.

It can be said that it's an ideal existence.

Haha.

When it's so amazing, it can even make me laugh.

Ah, I'm glad.

The fear that I felt at that time was a real thing.

The fear that I felt at that time was right.

I will admit it.

Earth Dragon Alaba, you are strong.

To the extent that I think that I who became so strong can't win easily.

Rather, it's a formidable enemy that I should resolve to be defeated.

Scary.

And yet, I'm happy.

Ah, I'm happy.

Now, I have grown to be able to fight against the opponent who I was not able to do anything but to tremble and hide at that time.

Earth Dragon Alaba.

Are you ready?

I'm ready.

If it's your perception level, you should have noticed that I was alive at that time, right?

You noticed me, and you overlook me because I'm a worthless thing, right?

That arrogance, I make you regret.

Thank you.

You taught me the terror of death.

Therefore, there's the present me.

I escape from you, escape and escape, and at the end after escaping safely is the present me.

Let me thank you.

And, die.

As the hateful existence that gave the fear of death to me for the first time.

I will kill you with my hands.

I will overcome your fear by doing so.

I won't escape from you anymore.

Let's put an end to this long, long escaping life.

Here I go.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

139 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ②

A preemptive attack with Darkness Spear.

It's evaded like it's natural.

A breath of return.

I evade it like it's natural.

The attack was obvious that we avoided it.

The attack that confirms each other feelings.

A series of flows like it's completely arranged beforehand, and it becomes a feeling like the lovers who were not able to meet for a long time.

Well, I don't even have a friend, let alone a lover.

We exchange the attack like greetings, and the real combat starts.

Alaba's large build approaches like a gale.

What speed.

Although the Arch was also fast, this guy is more than that.

But, I won't lose in speed.

I avoid the swung foreleg's claw.

After I avoided it, the point of the sharp tail approached.

I even avoid that.

The tail that cuts the air.

But, it bends immediately and pursued me.

I apply "Evil Eye of Magnetism" on myself, and activate the pseudo barrier.

On top of that, I evade it.

The tail repelled by the repulsive force barely passed my body.

And there, a pursuit of kick with the hind leg.

But, the kick stops on the way.

Tch, so you noticed the threads that I have spread on your line of fire.

It looks like it has noticed the threads that I spread secretly while avoiding.

Alaba takes a distance.

Although it might intend to get poised again for the next attack, it's my turn this time.

I shoot a Darkness Bullet aiming at Alaba that tries to take distance.

Although it's a surprise attack, Alaba dodges it with composure.

But, it can't dodge the threads that I shot that's waiting for it over there.

It's the threads endowed with the maximum poison and slash attributes without viscosity.

Alaba plunges into the reticulation with all its strength.

And at the same time, I who's holding the threads rush to the opposite side of Alaba.

Like a twine.

The result, my body was blown off.

Oh, well.

The physique difference is too much.

I can't win Alaba's power even if it's my strengthened power.

Alaba's HP has decreased slightly.

Poison and slash, I don't know which one is effective, but I succeeded in wounding it just a little.

Even if it's a wound that can be recovered by automatic recovery instantly, it doesn't change the fact that it's wounded.

Fumu.

If it can be wounded, it seems to go well.

I release the threads.

I control my posture with "Space Maneuver" in the inertia of being blown off.

I confront Alaba once again.

If it's the present sense, the physical offensive ability is Alaba.

The speed is me.

The defense is Alaba.

The magic is me.

Like this.

However, when it's said that we are equal, to be honest, I lose.

It's merely because a certain point of Alaba is extremely high.

Alaba's defensive ability.

With my offensive ability, I can't break through Alaba's defensive ability.

Physical attack is blocked by the defense of "Hard Shell" and "God Steel Body".

Even the attack with threads of my best only can graze it just like a while ago.

It's hard to say that magic attack is effective.

Because of the "Heaven Scale" skill that's the higher rank skill of "Reverse Scale", the power of magic decreases sharply.

Still, if it's my magic offensive ability that exceeds 10000, I can at least damage it.

If it hits.

The evasive ability of Alaba is also high.

Although it will likely become a damage if it hits, the possibility that it will be recovered before I inflict the next damage is high.

In the present condition that I don't use "Parallel Will", shooting magic while fighting is hard.

In addition, if I think about Alaba's evasive ability, the recovery speed seems to be faster than the damage.

I won't use "Parallel Will".

Although it's merely my obstinacy, I want Alaba's opponent to be only me.

If I mobilize all of my "Parallel Will", it's probably possible to fire magics at the same level as Gatling gun and settle the battle instantly.

Even if it's not like that, it will go well if I activate "Abyss Magic".

But, there's a meaning to win by myself.

There's no trump card.

In addition, if I attack it unskillfully, I will let it acquire resistance.

Because I won't use "Parallel Will", I can't use the countermeasures that I thought for Kaguna that's to visit it with a huge "Abyss Magic".

Then, there's only one strategy that I can take.

And, to do that, I have no choice but to fight with all my power now.

To let Alaba thinks that I'm an opponent who should fight with all its power.

If Alaba uses all its power, I can see my winning chance.

Because, at that time, my invisible second Deadly Poison will start to undermine Alaba's body.

Alaba takes a stance.

I understood that it's the previous action of the breath by "Foresight".

It's that breath that destroyed my home before.

Alaba's breath attacks.

Transfer.

I transfer to Alaba's overhead.

I fire a Darkness Bullet to the defenseless head that continues releasing the breath.

The Darkness Bullet hits Alaba's head directly, and shuts the mouth.

The mouth that's releasing the breath.

The breath explodes in Alaba's mouth.

Apparently, the Dragon's breath doesn't seems to only have the Dragon's attribute attack.

The HP of Alaba who should have "Earth Nullity" decreased.

If I match it with Darkness Bullet, it becomes a proper damage.

Oh my!

Perhaps, I can continue like this.

No, it's probably impossible.

Although the mouth is exploded, the tail attacks me like a different creature.

This tail is troublesome.

I avoid the tail that bends like a whip.

My inner heart gets chilly by the wind roar when the tail passes in point-blank range.

If I think about my HP and MP, I don't think that I will die at a hit.

Although I think, the power is strong to the extent that I can see a visual hallucination that I will split in two by the tail unintentionally.

I fly back and dodge the foreleg swung after the tail.

I take distance as it is, and I fire a restraint Darkness Spear.

Alaba's leg is stopped by the Darkness Spear.

The HP recovers rapidly.

It's fast.

As expected, it's difficult to defeat it by repeating damage.

But, Alaba completely recognized me as an enemy.

It should come with all its power from now on.

My poison starts the erosion.

You have already received my poison.

A special poison that can't be seen in abnormal condition.

Now, let's begin the countdown.

When will Alaba notice the poison's existence?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

140 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ③

In the slow motion world of "Thought Acceleration", I grasp the future's image that "Foresight" shows.

The future where Alaba activates magic.

When it becomes the monster of this class, it can use magic normally.

The Arch was the same too, and it means that i has the wisdom to do it.

Naturally, there's no way an existence with such wisdom will use magic that's more inefficient than the breath without thinking.

Evade.

A sharp spear of soil spring up at the place where I was a while ago.

It's the soil version of the Darkness Spear.

If I'm not mistaken, was it the "Earth Magic LV3", Earth Spear?

But, in contrast with the Darkness Spear that's the type that shoots toward the opponent, the Earth Spear changes the ground of target point into a spear suddenly.

If I stayed there, I was about to become a skewer.

The troublesome point of the "Earth Magic" is that it has the magic effect of the soil attribute added to it and it also has physical destructive power.

Although it looks plain compared with fire and water, the true state is that it's a mixed attack of physical and magic.

Speaking of the height of resistance, I don't receive any damage from ordinary magic.

But, when it comes with physical destructive power, the story changes.

Did Alaba foresees that I will evade? New Earth Spears appear one by one.

As might be expected of having the "Precise Magic Manipulation", the magic construction speed is impressive.

Well, it's inferior to me though.

Such magic won't hit me who make full use of "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight".

But, Alaba also understands such thing.

Alaba's true aim is to eliminate my escape.

I continue avoiding the magics, guided skillfully to a place, and at that place, the wall of soil has already surrounded in three sides.

In addition, a wall springs up instantly at the the entrance where I entered.

Earth Wall of the "Earth Magic".

The only place I can escape after being surrounded all directions is up.

And, on top of that, the appearance of Alaba who has already released its breath.

There's only an instant before it hits.

Evasion is impossible.

If it's the normal.

Transfer.

I transfer to Alaba's overhead again.

Darkness Bullet to the head while it's releasing its breath becomes the second time.

A hit.

A scene same as a while ago is developed right under me.

The different thing from a while ago is that Alaba flew up in the air.

The falling Alaba.

A pursuit Darkness Spear.

But, Alaba regains its balance just before colliding to the ground, kick the ground with a light feeling and avoided the approaching Darkness Spear.

Ahead of avoiding it, the waterfall of poison rains down.

The waterfall of poison that's made by maximizing the creation amount of "Poison Synthesis" and activate it continuously.

Alaba blows off the waterfall of Deadly Poison and paralysis with one breath.

The splashing water of poison.

Although it didn't expect any damage, something like blowing it off with one breath easily, nai wa.

Alaba releases its breath towards me who's in the air continuously.

I make full use of "Space Maneuver" to avoid the anti-aircraft fire.

Incidentally, I make a net with "Universal Thread", and fire it with the "Shoot" skill.

Fufufu.

That's right, I have acquired my heart's desire "Shoot" skill!

I mean, it was derived when "Throw" reached max level.

Well, it consumes MP and because it's level is low, it don't have much speed. To be frank, throwing it with "Throw" is better, but this is the problem of feelings.

The thread that's shot hardens like a ball, and I use power of "Thread Manipulation" to open it into a net in front of Alaba.

Alaba avoids the net grandiosely with full exposure of its wariness because it remembered that it got wounded by the thread a while ago.

That reaction is not wrong.

Although the thread just now is endowed with offensive ability, the true nature of the spider thread is to catch the opponent.

I gave full adhesiveness to the thread that I used this time.

Even if it's Alaba, it's not easy to escape if it got caught in this thread.

If it's cautious of my thread to that extent, it's convenient for me.

I scatter threads from the air.

Alaba hates it, it avoids and repel it with the breath, and it comes to eliminate me who's the original source.

Alaba who approaches to my location with "Space Maneuver".

Yes, welcome!

The threads that seemed to be scattered haphazardly.

They are all connected by a thin thread that's hard to be seen.

The thread that becomes the root is in my foot.

I haul in the bunch of threads with "Thread Manipulation" all at once.

At the same time, I shoot a Darkness Bullet to Alaba.

The spider threads that approach from the back.

The Darkness Bullet that approaches from the front.

If it avoid the Darkness Bullet, the threads will catch up.

If Darkness Bullet is not avoided, it will receive damage.

Which will Alaba choose?

Alaba chose.

A different choice.

The breath offsets the Darkness Bullet.

It charges forward ignoring the aftermath.

Crap!

I barely avoid the approaching fang attack.

I graze it a little, and my "Satiation" HP stock decreases.

That was close.

I almost failed to avoid because I'm holding the thread.

Because I'm pulling a lot of threads, of course my movements will be limited.

Even if it's Transfer, if the magic is not made beforehand, it won't make it in time, so if it's a situation like just now, it can't be used.

The reason why I seem to easily avoid my opponent's attacks with Transfer is because I make full use of "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight".

I foresee the opponent's action with "Foresight" and I begin the magic construction instantly with "Thought Acceleration".

It seems that I transfer at once, but I actually prepared beforehand.

Alaba's action a while ago was a little unexpected.

Thread or Darkness Bullet? I thought that it would pick either one.

It looks like I was still underestimating Alaba.

I motivate myself again.

Both Alaba and I still have composure.

The fight still continues.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

141 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ④

Author note: The S series is on a short rest

The fight that both made desperate efforts.

But, the situation that both don't have a trump card continues.

I who can't break through the high defensive ability and recovery power.

Alaba that all of its attacks continue to be dodged with high evasive ability.

It's not that both of us have no trump card.

My trump card is thread.

If it's caught in my thread, even Alaba will take time to escape.

Meanwhile, I can win if I fire a lot of magic.

But, Alaba is considerably cautious of my thread in the fight so far.

It understands that it must not receive only that.

Therefore, it faces the attack in relation to thread carefully.

It's hard to hit the thread on Alaba that has entered the complete defense stance.

In contrast with me, Alaba's trump card is the largest scale breath attack.

The breath that Alaba releases with all its power boasts of power more than the breath that destroyed my home before.

If I receive such a thing, even if it's me, I will vanish.

Even if I activate "Patience", if I receive it once, the breath will continue to shower at me as it is, and I will die eventually.

But, Alaba can't shoot it.

Alaba has received my counterattack twice for the breath attack.

Because of that, Alaba can't shoot a breath for a long time.

Because Alaba has received the same move twice, it only uses the single-shot breath thoroughly.

The single-shot breath is not bad.

But, the attack range becomes small no matter what, and the power decreases too.

Everything is evaded by me, and even if it hits me, it's far from being a fatal wound.

Both of us can't use it effectively even though we have a move that can be the trump card.

When it becomes like that, the fight was naturally prolonged.

Both of us mix feints and serious attacks sometimes, we wait for the chance while preventing the opponent to take hold of the pace.

The progress of the battle is slightly disadvantageous.

My attacks are not working.

It hits.

But, there's no damage.

Even if I damages it, it will recover instantly.

Even if I succeed in continuous hitting, Alaba takes distance in every cases for a moment, and stop my attacks to gain time for recovery.

In the end, even though I have fought this much, the damage is 0.

On the contrary, its resistance increased.

Alaba's "Dark Resistance" that was level 4 at first has rose to level 5.

If this continues as it is, the low damage now will decrease even more.

In contrast with me, Alaba's attacks will pierce me if it hits.

With just receiving a hit, all of my HP and MP can't be blown off.

But, a hit of Alaba is strong.

If I receive such a hit, my small body will be easily blown away.

If it becomes such a thing, there's a possibility that I will receive a further pursuit.

If that happens, it will be the end.

The one chance difference is too big.

If I who's specialized in evasion made a mistake, the situation might be reversed immediately.

Of course I don't intend to be killed easily.

Although it won't happen, it's not impossible.

The nature and my tension increase.

The sharpened nerves.

I concentrate so that I won't miss an image of "Foresight".

In the slow motion world of "Thought Acceleration", I sharpen my senses so that I won't miss a slight information.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV9』 has become 『Thought Acceleration LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Thought Acceleration LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Super Thought Acceleration LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Foresight LV9』 has become 『Foresight LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Foresight LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Future Vision LV1』》

Skill evolution in this timing.

I'm thankful.

The movement of the slow world becomes slower.

The image of Foresight that can only be seen sporadically, can be seen always.

I can see.

What Alaba is going to do next.

Furthermore, I can foresee until the end of the movement in the stagnant world of "Super Thought Acceleration".

Like a chess problem.

I finish dodging the sure-kill shot, claw and fang, a sweeping combo attack with the tail with composure.

I'm so amazing.

When I think about hitting an attack to the present me, don't it need to have the speed at the level that I can't perceive?

This is good.

It's good.

Come at me more.

If it's now, I don't think that any attack will hit me.

Avoid.

Avoid.

Avoid.

Dodge.

Dodge.

Dodge.

In addition, I continue to throw a counter in the interval.

Alaba's HP that begins to decrease slightly.

Alaba starts to feel impatient for the rise of my evasive ability after coming this far.

I understand that even that feeling is quite clear in the "Super Thought Acceleration".

And, I'm not so gentle to overlook that chance.

"Heresy Magic" Phantom Pain.

It's a magic that inflicts phantom pain.

Alaba is astonished.

That's obvious.

For Alaba who has the "Great Pain Alleviation" at high level, it's an intense pain that it has not felt for a long time.

The Phantom Pain by "Heresy Magic" can't be relieve by Pain Alleviation.

I who was tormented by Detection have experienced this with my own body.

How is it?

The pain that's felt after a long time.

Alaba who clench its teeth painfully.

When there's a chance in the heart, it's easy for "Heresy Magic" to pass through the resistance.

If it's a monster that has a willpower like Alaba, the effect of the magic will be shaken off immediately.

But, an instant is enough.

At the moment when Alaba's consciousness turned towards pain, threads coil around its body.

More threads get entangled one after another to Alaba's body that tries to shake it off.

Threads coil Alaba's body many folds, and the movement stopped.

I did it!

It seems that the end comes before the poison works.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

142 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ⑤

I want you to wait a minute.

Whatever the circumstances may be, that's impossible.

I have thought that I probably can't defeat you just by restricting you with the threads.

For example, something like shooting the breath on itself.

If it's a full power breath, as expected, I think that my threads can't endure it.

Then, although it will receive damage to some extent, as long as it has "Earth Nullity", Alaba itself won't receive a fatal wound.

I think that it's a very realistic escape rather than being shot with magics continuously by me while it's defenseless.

Because I think of it, it's not strange even if Alaba carry it out.

But, the thing that Alaba did was something that I didn't expect.

It can be said that it's completely contrary to my expectation.

Besides, in the worst way.

The skill point is obtained by level up.

But, somehow, it looks like there are other methods to obtain it as well.

When I see the skill points of the Arch Taratect that should be equal to me in the species, it's clear that my skill points are fewer.

As for the difference of status, it can be explained by the difference of time that it has lived.

The status rises gradually even if it doesn't level up.

I grew up rapidly in a short period because I raise my level assertively unlike the wild monsters.

Because of that, the rising value of my status except the level up is low.

But, I think that the normal monsters won't try to fight other than the time they hunt food.

That's why, the level rise is slow.

Although I don't know how long it takes to grow up to that extent, as long as I see the difference of status with me, I can guess that it's quite long.

The status differences between the Arch and me except the magic and the speed is more than 2000.

Even if I calculate that the status increases by 1 each day, that means that it has lived for 2000 days.

Because there's no such thing like the status increases by 1 each day, I'm sure that a very long time has passed.

Then, can the skill points also be obtained in a fixed amount if I live for a long time?

For example, 100 points for the birthday.

No, I think that it's probably wrong.

But, I think that the guess about getting points by time passing is right.

If it's not so, the difference of the skill points with me can't be explained.

Possibly, there might be an unknown points acquisition condition.

Well, what I'm trying to say is the Earth Dragon Alaba that seems to have live for a very long time has the skill points that corresponds to it.

Up until now, the monsters that I have seen were also the same, but perhaps, Alaba has never used its skill points since it's born.

The skill that's obtained using points is not to be found, and above all, when it hold such a enormous amount of points uselessly, I can judge it.

Although it's a waste, even if I tell the monsters to use such points, they won't understand. Because the amount that's not used is like something that's not there, I try to not mind it.

And, that Alaba's skill points has decreased.

In addition to that, it's using up all of its points.

The 41100 skill points has become only 100.

And, I have my breath taken away by the added skills.

「Hell Flame Magic LV1」 「Enhanced Flame LV1」 「Flame Resistance LV1」 「Darkness Resistance LV1」 「Space Perception LV1」.

My weakness, the highest rank fire magic, "Hell Flame Magic".

The higher rank skill of "Enhanced Fire", "Enhanced Flame" that enhance the magic.

In order to not get hurt by its own magic, it improve the "Fire Resistance" that it has further, and acquire "Flame Resistance".

The "Darkness Resistance" to resist my main weapon which is the "Darkness Magic".

The "Space Perception" that seems to be the countermeasure for Transfer.

The skills that are gathered only for me.

The skills that literally concentrate its full power.

The skills acquired only to defeat me.

The thing accumulated for a long time is used up only for me.

Besides, apart from the points, there are also skills that flowered by the mortal combat.

「Concentration LV1」 「Prediction LV1」 「Parallel Thought LV1」 「Calculation Processing LV1」 「Heresy Resistance LV1」

It must have seriously think of a way to escape from this crisis.

As expected, I don't think that it can evolve until my golden combo of "Thought Acceleration" and "Foresight" in the middle of this fight, but it doesn't change that it becomes more troublesome.

Because it even has the "Heresy Resistance", it might be better to think that "Heresy Magic" won't work anymore.

The Soul Break is an exception and it's impossible to use that.

However, this is bad.

This is really bad.

There was a considerable differences of the affinity so far.

But, it never took any countermeasures.

Alaba is a formidable enemy that can't be said that it has a good affinity with me.

That formidable enemy took countermeasures for me.

The threads restricting Alaba burn off.

The ground becomes red-hot centered on Alaba.

The earth is burnt.

The magic of "Hell Flame Magic LV1", Scorched Earth.

It's a range annihilation magic that covers the widespread ground completely with flame and changes into the Hell's field

Moreover, the frightening point of this magic is that the effect continues.

I have already escaped into the air.

But, as far as my eyes can see, the earth below has been covered by the roaring intense heat completely.

The earth is originally Alaba's field.

And, that has completely become my away.

The flame swallows everything.

Even the aftermath alone is hot.

The corpse of Greater Taratects that have been left on the ground burn out.

A-Ah!?

My meal!?

Although a lot of corpses were blown off in the mortal combat with Alaba a while ago, because of this flame, everything disappeared completely!

What the heck.

How dare you do it!

The grudge of the meal, I will have you pay for this!

Countermeasures?

I will surpass even that!

Bring it on!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

143 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ⑥

Above is the bees.

Below is fire.

What's this?

The correct answer is my present situation, damn it!

Hey, Bees.

You guys are troublesome.

Why are you attacking me in this situation!?

No matter how many attacks I receive from the bees, it won't be a damage, but with the present situation that a chance might be fatal, please give me a break!

The ground still blazes.

At the center, Alaba releases a breath aiming at me.

I avoid it in the air.

Incidentally, I cut the approaching bee in two with my sickle.

The corpse that fell is burnt by the flame.

Alaba who's at the center of the flame is not unhurt.

Unlike nullity, it will receive damage if it's only a resistance.

Even if it's the magic shot by itself.

The "Flame Resistance" is the higher rank skill of "Fire Resistance".

Although it's amazing that it can acquire the high rank skill suddenly, still, damage can't be nullified after all.

The present Alaba is literally waiting for a chance to defeat me while burning its body.

The decrease in HP is quite slow thanks to high-speed recovery.

But, the body is gradually burnt by the flame.

Will it ruin itself if I keep running away like this?

There's no way it will be so easy.

The soil around Alaba rises to protect Alaba.

It guarded the blazing flame with its forte, "Earth Magic".

Its HP begins to recover rapidly.

During the fierce battle, the level of "High-speed HP Recovery" skill has rose.

Its HP recovers at the speed to the extent that I doubt that whether it's using "Treatment Magic" or not.

Ah.

I want to say that "which protagonist are you, to grow up in the middle of the fight".

Such cool development is a special privilege permitted only for the protagonist, you know?

What a cheat.

How unfair.

I want you to give me a break.

Let's speak frankly.

There's no way I can win in the frontal attack anymore.

It's impossible even if everyone returns with "Parallel Will".

The combat ability of Alaba has increased remarkably to that extent.

The wall of the pit begins to burn to prove it.

Let alone the bottom, the side is also covered with flame.

The place with ground is all covered with fire.

The escape for me is only the air where the ground doesn't reach.

And, enormous energy accumulates in Alaba's mouth to the extent that it even overruns the air.

The ultimate attack that Alaba can't shoot up until now.

The ban was finally lifted after being protected by the earth and the flame.

Alaba releases its strongest breath that penetrates the air.

Even the flame that spreads through the wall blows off.

A ray of light gushes out of the underground that can reach to the heaven.

I imagined such a scene.

No no.

If I receive such a thing, I will become cinders.

It's definitely impossible.

Of course I escaped with Transfer.

I'm at the place between the upper layer and the middle layer where I left the corpse of the Arch now.

As expected, because it's the opposite side of the huge labyrinth, there's no aftermath of the fierce battle.

What if there's an earth tremor up to here?

The world will collapse.

Ah.

A break.

I eat the Arch a little.

I have used my SP considerably.

Let's replenish once here.

Uwa, it tastes bad.

I confirm the already marked Alaba's status and position while eating the Arch.

Alaba is not moving.

Is it absorbed in deep emotion that I was killed? Or, is it regretting that it failed to kill me?

Either is fine though.

I will return soon.

My poison has already undermined Alaba's body.

The person himself has not noticed it yet.

But, as long as I'm not defeated, the poison will erode steadily.

Although it's haven't reach the level that it can't be recovered, it will happen eventually.

Then, it's my victory.

If I can't reduce its HP in a frontal attack, I can just do a different approach.

Alaba misunderstands it.

I'm not a warrior living by struggles.

I'm a mean hunter who deceive, entrap and torment my opponents.

Trapping is my best strategy.

Poison is my best weapon.

Alaba is already in my trap.

Alaba has already received my poison.

Now, I just need to survive and wait for the poison to erode thoroughly.

But, the part about surviving is difficult.

I eat the unappetizing Arch to recover my SP.

I also eat for the stock of "Satiation".

But, the large build of the Arch still remains.

I think that I don't have to worry about food for a while.

Yosh.

Then, let's return to the battlefield again.

Transfer.

I transfer to a slightly far place from Alaba.

If I transfer in front of Alaba who has the "Space Perception", I might receive a severe attack.

When thinking about that, a breath flies to the place I transferred.

I evade in a hurry.

Because I just transferred, I didn't see the "Future Vision".

The breath bullet passes through grazing my back a little.

Concentrate.

The opponent is certainly the strongest among the monsters that I have fought so far.

To that opponent, an instant carelessness becomes fatal.

I understand that the breath just now was shot after perceiving my Transfer sign.

I can't use Transfer easily anymore.

Although it's fine if it's only for escaping, returning is accompanied by the greatest danger.

The flame of the ground still blazes.

But, the flame of the wall has vanished.

Incidentally, the bees that flew around too.

Seriously as I imagined it, it looks like the fire of the wall is blown off and the bees were swallowed up by the breath that rose to the heaven.

Even if I say that Transfer is dangerous, that breath is impossible to avoid unless I use Transfer.

It's not a level that I can do anything with my evasion ability.

I can't avoid it if I don't have the interval to avoid.

But, because it's great move, the consumption is huge.

In addition to the activation of Scorched Earth of the scale that covers the wall, Alaba's MP has decreased considerably after using the strongest breath.

It must wait for the recovery of MP in order to use that breath once again.

Now then, what is the next move of such Alaba?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

144 Spider vs Earth Dragon Alaba ⑦

Time passes while both of us glared at each other.

Alaba is waiting for the recovery of MP.

I'm waiting for the poison to work.

If time passes for each other, it becomes advantageous.

However, Alaba's MP recovery is faster than my poison.

Alaba moves.

But, it didn't release the breath.

Alaba understands that the breath won't hit me similar to a while ago.

Alaba runs.

On the wall.

The wall surface is covered with flame again.

Alaba comes to my side in the air where I am.

The wall of the soil that wore the flame rises perpendicularly from the wall surface.

The wall of soil reaches the wall on the opposite side as it is, and a bridge is made in the air.

Alaba runs around the wall, and the bridge is built one after another.

So that I lose my escape.

The air is gradually filled with burning earth.

The appearance is totally like the spider thread.

I never thought that my enemy will do the same thing that I did.

On the completed innumerable blazing bridges, Alaba runs through it at high speed.

Even though gravity is applied to it with "Evil Eye of Magnetism", the movement doesn't decline.

It runs through the bridge and jumps.

The approaching claw.

I avoided the claw in the air that became narrow.

Alaba lands on another bridge without a sound.

And, it runs.

It jumps again from another place.

Avoid.

It lands, looks at its recovered MP, and increases the number of bridges even more.

If this continues, my escape will gradually lost and the situation will get worse.

I started to break the bridge with Darkness Bullet since a while ago.

The Darkness Bullet is superior to the Darkness Spear in destructive power.

The true worth of Darkness Spear is the continuation damage in the state of being pierced.

Although it's effective against living opponents, the Darkness Bullet is better against objects.

But, when I try to break the bridge, Alaba interferes.

If it's that much, it's fine.

Alaba attacks at the moment I'm going shoot the Darkness Bullet.

I change the target to Alaba at once, and restraint.

Evade at the same time.

Alaba makes the new bridge faster than I break the bridge.

It's a pain that the bridge won't fall with one Darkness Bullet.

I want a magic with more power.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Darkness Magic LV3』 has become 『Darkness Magic LV4』》

Did my wish got through? The skill level of "Darkness Magic" rose.

I construct the newly added magic at once.

The generated "Darkness Magic" hits the bridge directly and destroys it.

Cutting it.

The magic of "Darkness Magic LV4", Darkness Blade.

Ah, this is not good.

It has no significance because it won't break even if I cut it.

If it's like this, Alaba can restore it immediately.

I withdraw the Darkness Blade, and continue to break the bridge with Darkness Bullet.

But, I can't catch up.

Or rather, the range that I can escape has narrowed considerably.

Alaba's jump.

The figure of the approaching Alaba's claw and the tail waiting at the place after I avoided the tail is projected in "Future Vision".

Even if I intend to avoid this barely in the limited range to escape, it's impossible to do it.

Eeei.

It can't be helped.

I avoid Alaba's attack greatly, and I land on the bridge where flame rises.

Hot!

I leave at once.

I create the water of the medicine with "Medicine Synthesis", and extinguish the fire on my body.

My HP is recovered by the effect of the medicine at the same time.

Fu, don't think that I will always use poison on myself and decrease my HP.

Although I understood it with that just now, even if I land on the bridge, the decrease of HP is not so much if it's only an instant.

If I use "Medicine Synthesis" as the extinguisher and the recovery, I can almost ignore the wounds.

The problem is will Alaba allow the series of flows before I extinguish the fire?

Alaba attacks again.

This time, I also can't avoid it unhurt.

I avoid Alaba's attack and land on the bridge.

At that moment, Alaba visits me together with the bridge with a breath.

Avoid.

The sound that the bridge is destroyed at my back resounds.

But, I can't care about such a thing.

The flame burns my body without mercy.

Even if I have high-speed recovery, my HP decreases at a considerable speed.

Although I want to extinguish it immediately, Alaba takes the opportunity to pursue me.

While dodging Alaba's pursuit, "Medicine Synthesis", but Alaba's further pursuit.

Crap.

I get impatient.

"Medicine Synthesis" is no use.

Because I need to avoid Alaba's attack with all my might, I don't have the composure to use "Medicine Synthesis".

There's no way I can activate Transfer in such situation.

This is bad.

My HP decreases.

The stock of "Satiation" is exhausted.

Alaba's pursuit doesn't stop yet.

My HP becomes 0.

"Patience" is activated.

My MP decreases little by little.

By having "Patience" activated, the damage is decreased by effect of "High-speed HP Recovery" and the MP recovery effect of "Magic Extremity".

But still, my MP decreases gradually.

This is bad.

But, I barely made it in time.

Alaba's movement worsens rapidly.

The worn strengthening skills are removed.

There's no power like a while ago anymore, and its movement stopped weakly.

My poison has finally checkmated Alaba's life.

My poison, that's "Sloth".

『Sloth：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. Greatly increases the reduction amount of the numerical value in the surrounding system excluding yourself. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

In other words, the decrease of HP, MP and SP for existence other than me becomes greater.

HP and MP have automatic recovery.

But, SP don't have it.

The more it fights with me, the more it uses its full power, the decrease will grow bigger.

If it continues to consume SP with "Magic God Act", it will be a suitable prey for "Sloth".

There's no means for Alaba who doesn't have "Appraisal" to notice this.

It became the already hopeless stage, and it finally notice the starvation that undermine itself.

There's hardly any SP remains in the present Alaba.

The match has been decided.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

145 The sinking earth

I extinguish the fire on my body with "Medicine Synthesis".

A relieved breath.

My decreased MP begins to recover rapidly.

Alaba can't move anymore.

It has no power to move.

Although the HP has not change yet, if the SP is exhausted, the HP will also be exhausted at the same time.

And, its SP is in a situation where it might be exhausted just by moving a little.

Now, it's like I can just boil it or roast it.

Fufufu.

Although it was a harder fight than what I expected, it became the end as my assumption.

I have judged that it was impossible to reduce Alaba's HP completely from the beginning.

The skill of the scale series possessed by the Dragon species that obstructs magic has a very bad affinity with me.

Even if I hit it physically, it's like the hand used to hit aches.

Alaba's defensive ability is overwhelmingly higher than my offensive ability.

That's why, I give up on the HP.

If the HP is not good, I should just reduce the SP.

And, the one that can do it is "Sloth".

My broken skill number 4.

"Sloth" was acquired relatively quick after I evolved into Ede Saine.

To be honest, because I didn't understand the explanation, I didn't regard it highly, but when I acquired it, I was surprised of the good affinity with me.

If I use the "Evil Eye of Grudge", not only the HP, but the decrease of the other status also becomes greater.

Although there's not much effect on Alaba, when it's an opponent that don't have the "Abnormal Condition Resistance", it becomes a brutal combo to the extent that I can win with this only.

In addition, if I use it with Transfer, I can force a one-sided protracted war on my opponent.

I can always confirm my opponent's status by marking, interfere its meal by appearing suddenly with Transfer, and even wait for its SP to be exhausted thoroughly.

I mean, this was the strategy that I was going to use on Alaba.

Because it has acquired an unnecessary thing like "Space Perception", it was dangerous that it became impossible to use my Transfer thoughtlessly.

Among the skills that Alaba acquired, the most troublesome one might have been "Space Perception".

Because Alaba bring out its full power that can be said as desperate effort, I succeeded in exhausting its SP more faster.

If Alaba has more composure, the result might be different.

Because there were neither carelessness nor a chance, it was defeated conversely.

It's a nasty strategy even if I say so myself.

Well then, Alaba, have you compose a haiku?

I will help you.

It's time to put an end to our fight.

If you can't move, I can shoot magic as much as I like.

Will its HP be reduced finished first? Or, will its SP be exhausted first?

I wonder which is it.

I look down on Alaba from the air while a vulgar smile floats in my heart.

Alaba raises its neck slowly.

Our eyes met.

It startled.

Those eyes were freshly clear.

What's with those eyes.

You lost to me.

You should be more frustrated like a loser.

Alaba turn its body over slowly like warding off my abusive language.

However, only its neck is facing me straightly.

And, abnormality occurs in Alaba's appraised status.

The character of the skills become gray.

This is the activation of the skills being turned off.

By turning off the skills that are activated continuously, the color of the character when appraising becomes gray.

Alaba's skills become gray one after another.

The "Heaven Scale" skill that severely tormented me also.

Various resistance-type skills as well.

So, you won't resist, huh?

What's with that.

Really, what's with that.

Why are you satisfied arbitrarily?

Because you did your best, you have no regrets?

Is it like that?

Don't joke with me!

Be greedier.

Beg for your life more.

Live and struggle.

Why can you throw away your life so easy?

Life, if you lose it once, it won't return to you anymore, you know?

Because I was reincarnated, it might not be persuasive, but usually, it's the end when you die, you know?

How can you end it gallantly?

Then, what am I who struggle to not wanting it to end?

Or, is it because you know that it won't end even if you die in this world?

If that's the case, it's irritating all the more.

Ah, fine.

I will kill you just as you wish.

I release all Evil Eyes.

Grudge, Stasis, Magnetism, and Extinction.

Alaba's body became dust and vanished without resisting.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV19 has become LV20》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fighting Spirit LV9』 has become 『Fighting Spirit LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Fighting Spirit LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『War God Spirit LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Anger LV2』 has become 『Anger LV3』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV20 has become LV21》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evil Eye of Extinction LV3』 has become 『Evil Eye of Extinction LV4』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV21 has become LV22》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Telekinesis LV1』 has become 『Telekinesis LV2』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Evil Eye of Magnetism LV1』 has become 『Evil Eye of Magnetism LV2』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV22 has become LV23》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『High-speed HP Recovery LV7』 has become 『High-speed HP Recovery LV8』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Thread Talent LV8』 has become 『Thread Talent LV9』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Slash Resistance LV5』 has become 『Slash Resistance LV6』》

《Skill points gained》

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Ede Saine LV23 has become LV24》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Blunt Resistance LV5』 has become 『Blunt Resistance LV6』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV9』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Great Fear Resistance LV1』》

《Skill points gained》

It became an awfully bad victory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter rb-2: royal battle 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The royal capital battle ②

Author note: Shun's point of view.

「Sensei. I will still go and save Nii-sama」

Sensei bites her lips to my determined voice.

Surely, Sensei understands that I won't draw back.

「Will you go, no matter what?」

「Yes」

「I see. I will also follow」

「Sensei, this is my problem. There's no need for Sensei to follow me forcibly」

「I can't let Shun-kun go there alone」

「It's not alone. Of course I will also go」

「Katia, but」

「Please let me go. Even though I was manipulated, I must at least settle the things that I have caused」

The same color of determination as me can be seen in Katia's eyes.

In other words, she don't intend to draw back.

「I understand. But, don't force yourself, okay?」

「Yes」

She agrees obediently.

But, the words can't be trusted in any way.

The Katia now has the atmosphere that seems to be do reckless things calmly.

「If Shun-kun is going, of course I will also go」

「Hyrinth-san」

［Don't worry, I will protect Jou-chan］

Hyrinth-san who talks to me with Telepathy.

If that's the case, I'm relieved.

「Well then, what to do about the strategy?」

「Defeat Yuugo. That's the only one」

「That's impossible」

Sensei's words.

「Yuugo-kun, no, Yuugo have already transferred to Rengzant Empire. Together with Sue-chan」

「What!?」

「Shun, you did acquire the Space Magic, right? What's the level?」

「It's useless. The level rise of Space Magic is slow, so it's only 3. I can't learn Transfer just by training it from now」

In the royal castle of Anareich Kingdom, there's a thing called transfer circle that goes directly to the Kasanagara continent, but even if it's used, there's still a distance to the Rengzant Empire.

No matter how we struggle, it's impossible to reach the Rengzant Empire before Nii-sama's execution.

「So, they escaped, huh?」

「Yes. That's why, it's impossible to kill Yuugo」

「Kill?」

I feel shaken to Sensei's words.

「Shun-kun, don't tell me you intend to let Yuugo who caused this situation to live?」

「No, but」

「Shun-kun. I regret that I only deprive his skill and status at that time. If only I care for him after that, it might not become like this. However, if I kill him at that time, this kind of thing will never happen」

I shivered to the glitter of Sensei's gloomy eyes.

Sensei is serious.

She seriously thinks of killing Yuugo.

Even I can't forgive Yuugo.

Father was killed, Sue and many people are manipulated.

There's no way that I can forgive him.

But, I never thought of killing him.

I can't think of it.

Even if it becomes like this, I'm still hesitating to kill a person.

「Anyway, killing Yuugo comes after we saved Leston-kun. Let's think of other plans」

Everyone except me accept the dangerous word "kill" obediently.

Is this because I'm strange?

I might be strange.

Even if I see objectively, what Yuugo has done so far, deserves a certain death.

And yet, it might be strange that the me who's the victim don't hold any killing intent.

But, after all, it's the figure of the great Hero that comes to my mind.

Julius-niisama.

That person too, it doesn't mean that he can't kill people.

I'm sure that he has killed a lot of Demons with his hands.

But still, in his mind, was there an evasive feeling to killing similar to me?

I shake my head.

Now I should think about rescuing Leston-niisama who's my another older brother.

「On the night before Nii-sama's execution, we infiltrate into the place where Nii-sama is caught and escape. I think this is the only one to avoid useless combat」

Everyone thinks to my proposal.

「It's full of problems」

Hyrinth-san mutters.

「In what way?」

「First of all, we don't know where Leston is caught. If we don't know where it is, it's useless to infiltrate」

「If that's the case, my skill is useful」

Sensei raises her hand to Hyrinth-san's words.

「I have a special skill for the Ruler. It has the ability to search a specific skill that a living thing has. Because I know Leston-kun's skill composition, I'm sure that the place can be known if I use this skill」

I nod "I see".

I understand the reason why Sensei can gather us former students in a short time.

She use the skill and search for the garbled text skill that only we have.

「Then, about the second problem, soldiers will surely be stationed around Leston. What do you plan to do with that?」

「We are strong enough to not lose to normal soldiers. Because there's a limit to stealth, we will just have to force our way through when we are found」

I answer this time.

The members here are all powerful people among the Humans.

There's no way that we will lose to a normal soldier.

「There's surely a trap. What to do with it?」

「Crush all of it」

I declare it.

We have the power to that extent.

I believe so.

「Then, I will say the greatest concern. What will you do if Leston has been brainwashed?」

I can't answer Hyrinth-san's words immediately.

That's also something I thought before.

Judging from Yuugo's character, he will do the things that I hate the most.

And, that is to brainwash Leston-niisama, and when we came to save Leston-niisama, we will be attacked by him.

The more worst one is to force Leston-niisama to suicide in front of us.

If it's only being attack, it's settled if we can hold him down.

But, it's difficult to stop the suicide.

Either way, in the case where Nii-sama has been brainwashed, the situation becomes severe.

「I have a plan」

But, I have a secret plan.

If possible, I don't want to use it, but when the situation is bad, it's not the time to keep it.

「If Nii-sama has been brainwashed, could you leave it to me?」

「And, can you do something?」

「Yes」

I declare.

I won't let Yuugo make anyone do as he please anymore.

「What's left is the rescue of the people other than Nii-sama」

Everyone frown to my words.

「Shun, that's impossible」

「Why is it?」

「Although I don't know how many people have been caught in this matter, I'm sure that it's a large number of people. We don't have the composure to escape while guarding them」

「But」

「Shun, I agree with Hyrinth-san」

「Katia」

「Shun, we are not gods. There are things that are possible and impossible. Even if you save everything, the damage will only enlarge」

When I try to object Katia's words, I notice that her hands are grasped tightly.

That's right.

Katia didn't talk about how are her parents and the people of the Duke house at all.

From Katia's appearance, I can somehow guess it.

But, she never say to save them.

Katia has gave up to save her parents.

I'm sure that she wants to save them.

「I understand. The one we will be rescuing this time is only Leston-niisama」

I said it with heartbroken thoughts.

Even I'm worried about what happened to Clevea after that.

I want to save Sue and the other brainwashed people.

But, that can't be done.

I don't have the power to do it.

「It's favorable that Yuugo is not there. But, Shun. Use "Appraisal" frequently just in case. He returned with Transfer, so that means that he might return with Transfer. It might become a situation where someone of us has been brainwashed before we know」

「Ah. That's right」

「Sensei. Because it's like that, please accept Shun's appraisal」

Katia's sharp words.

I see, so Katia's aim is this.

Sensei's expression changes.

「What's wrong? If you never did anything guilty, it should be fine to accept the appraisal. Or, is there something that must not be seen?」

「That's...」

「Sensei. If you don't accept Shun's appraisal here, I can't take actions with you」

After Sensei kept silent for a while to Katia's words, she nodded without power.

「Go ahead」

I activate "Appraisal" to Sensei's words.

High status.

High level skills.

Because I have expected it, I don't feel surprised.

And, the thing that Sensei wanted to conceal.

「Don't worry. There's no suspicious point in Sensei's status」

「Is that so. If Shun says so, I will believe. Sensei, I'm sorry for doubting you」

「N-No. It's all right」

Sensei flustered to the bowing Katia.

［Why?］

［What do you mean?］

I play dumb to Sensei's question in Telepathy.

［You should understand what I mean］

［I have expected it］

That's right.

I have expected it.

In Sensei's skill, there's "Taboo".

［Shun-kun, don't tell me, you...］

I ignore Sensei's Telepathy on purpose.

What I have to think now is how to infiltrate into the place where Nii-sama is caught.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter rb-3: royal battle 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The royal capital battle ③

Author note: Shun's point of view

「Ah, Shun. When did you raise such a cavalry Drake?」

We are now flying in the sky.

Riding on the Drake's back.

「Well, this guy was not a Drake until recently, but when I form a contract with the Summon skill, it evolved before I know」

A huge white Drake that it's still has composure even if we ride on it.

It accompanied me originally by the "Taming" skill which is the pre-evolution skill of "Summon". It's a monster called Peorat that's has a figure similar to a lizard that can be found everywhere.

Even if it's said as a monster, its size is around the size of a palm, so there's hardly any harm.

And, it evolves into a low rank Drake before I know, and when I summon it again after I became the Hero, it has become a high rank Drake.

Moreover, it's a rare Light Drake.

「Is it the Hero correction?」

「It should be」

Katia and Sensei say so, and I think that maybe because I became the Hero, my attendant monsters also receive the influence.

Although there are several monsters that I have contracted, all of them also have evolved.

「You cheater」

「Don't say it in Japanese purposely」

Though I do thought that I will be told that.

「We should conceal ourselves with "Stealth" and "Camouflage" now」

Everyone erase their presences to my words.

On top of that, I activate "Camouflage", and disappear like fusing with the darkness.

If we erase the sound with "Silent", we shouldn't be found from the ground as long as nothing great happens.

Even though I thought about that, I construct a magic in a hurry and shoot it around the street of the royal capital that comes into view.

「Eh? Hya!?」

A collision of two magics at a point-blank range, and an intense explosion occurs.

「Shun!」

「We are being sniped! The opponent is a considerable magic user!」

「Impossible!? Shooting a magic accurately towards this upper sky!?」

We are flying about 1000 meters in the sky.

If it's a normal magic, it shouldn't be able to reach such a long distance.

I activate "Clairvoyance", and I look for the person who used the magic just now.

The elderly person is standing grandly on top of the castle's wall to the extent that it's unnecessary to search.

I look at the elderly person's magic construction.

I leaked a voice of admiration unintentionally to the height of the perfection.

It was an advanced magic construction to that extent.

「The second shot is coming」

I call for vigilance beforehand.

I grip the Drake's bridle.

The magic that comes flying at high speed is dodge in a paper-thin difference.

Although the Drake has the "Reverse Scale" skill that has a magic attenuation effect, I can't rely on it too much.

Now that we have already been discovered, there's no meaning to stick with espionage action.

「I will accelerate! Hold on tight!」

I handle the bridle, and accelerate without stopping from the sky towards the ground like falling.

While avoiding and intercepting the magic shot by the elderly person.

［Ah, crap. I can't win］

［Wha-!? Teacher!?］

［Stop it. We will retreat］

I tapped such Telepathy communication.

Although I was cautious whether it's a trap or not for a moment, they really disappeared to somewhere with Transfer.

Surprisingly, all of the people in the castle that have great magical power disappeared too.

「Eh, end?」

I muttered disappointingly.

And I became dumbfounded for a while.

「It looks like the attack stopped」

「A-Ah. Apparently, it looks like they retreated because they can't win」

「They withdraw too quickly. The possibility of this being a trap seems to be high」

「No, it was not such atmosphere when I tapped with Telepathy」

「Either way, let's proceed carefully」

「Okay」

However, when we motivate ourselves and proceed carefully, we manage to infiltrate into the castle easily.

「Did they really retreat?」

「I think so」

This is a little let-down.

I return the Light Drake, and although it might be now, espionage action starts again.

［Sensei, where's Leston-niisama's present location?］

［He's at the south spire］

［Understood］

We communicate with Telepathy, and advance carefully.

It's silent in the castle to the extent that it's eerie.

There's not even a person.

［It's strange］

［This is surely a trap］

We be cautious of traps, and advance carefully.

But, we easily arrive at spire where Leston-niisama's is confined without anything happen.

The problem is there are about two presence of people beside of Nii-sama.

I activate "Clairvoyance", and look at the state inside.

［There are two people besides Nii-sama. It's Anna and Clevea］

［How is it?］

［They look blank. I think that they have been brainwashed］

［Understood. Shun, you said you have a plan, but can you somehow manage it even if it became 3 people?］

［I manage somehow］

［It's possible to be attacked. So let's make preparations for combat first］

［That's right. I will rush in first］

The tension increases.

Hyrinth-san signaled with his hand, and rushes in.

I follow after him.

Hyrinth-san stiffens with his shield prepared.

At the same time as we rush in, the three people aim for suicide.

Hyrinth-san returns from stiffening, and tries to stop them.

But, he doesn't make it in time.

They pierce their eyes without hesitation with the thick needle that they hold in their hand.

The needle buried deeply into the eye socket, and destroys the brain.

The defensive ability of this world even has effect on things that are regarded as soft parts in the Earth like the eyes.

The sense of touch is the same, and it becomes difficult to be damaged.

It should be like that, but the needle entered the three people's eyes without any resistance.

Apparently, it seems that the needle has an additional effect.

「Dammit!?」

Hyrinth-san throws away his sword and shield, and catches the three falling body skillfully.

「Shun! The recovery!」

Hyrinth-san should have understand it too.

That it's already too late.

But, I follow Hyrinth-san's words.

I know that Katia and Sensei are having a bitter expression at the back.

But, there's no need to worry.

The needle is pulled out from the eyes, and I construct recovery magic.

A special recovery magic.

The destroyed bodies reproduce.

At the same time, the stopped heart restarts the pulse.

The souls that were about to be lost revive.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV6』 has become 『Taboo LV9』》

The Divine Word is heard.

Even if I know that only I can hear it, my heart almost jumped out.

I knew that Sensei has "Taboo".

Because I also have the Ruler skill.

The 「Kindness」 skill.

And, the effect is dead resurrection.

The price is whenever a person is resurrected, the level of "Taboo" rises.

That's why, I can't say anything about Sensei.

Because I'm also a "Taboo" holder.

I send a signal to the surprised Hyrinth-san and the others with my eyes, and we lifted the bodies of Nii-sama and the others.

And, we escaped from the castle.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「Sorry. The genuine Hero is beyond my powers, so I ran away」

「I don't mind. By now, they should be dumbfounded witnessing the death of their precious ones. Kukuku」

「Ah. So that's why, you made the castle empty」

「Because that Naive-chan will surely come. Although it's a little disappointing that I can't see his crying appearance, my real intention is the other one」

「Good grief. Even though I just return, making an elderly person to overwork」

「If you have a complaint, I can make you work forcefully, you know? The reason why I didn't brainwash you is just because if it's a person as strong as you, it's harder to brainwash. Although it's hard, it's not impossible, you know?」

「I understand. That's why, I'm doing my job properly」

「That's fine. Then, let's depart to destroy the Elf Village. Ahahahaha!」

（Good grief. Seriously, retiring might be better）

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ln-1: Labyrinth's Nightmare 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The labyrinth's nightmare ①

Author note: The summoner's point of view.

I'm very unlucky for this time.

It was my honest thoughts when this mission was announced.

Tame the mysterious monster that appeared in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

If it's impossible, kill it at once.

It's the mission that I received this time.

How it happened is there's an assistance request sent by the Outsu country that's the small country where there's an entrance to the Elro Great Labyrinth.

The Elro Great Labyrinth is roughly the only way to move between continents.

Although there's the transfer circle which is an exception, only the country's important people or rich people can use it.

As for the common civilians, etc, they hire the professional called labyrinth guide, and take days to pass through the Elro Great Labyrinth.

The people who try to pass through the most dangerous Great Elro Labyrinth are merchants who trade over the continents, adventurers that have skills, those who have a reason to move to the other continent by all means, and people who can be said as a common civilian.

However, in order to hire a guide, a certain number of people must use the Great Labyrinth.

And, an abnormality occurred in that Elro Great Labyrinth.

The monsters came to show up more than usual.

Of course it was not a very welcome situation for the people who passed the Great Labyrinth.

However, the Outsu country is a small country.

It only has the force to defend the country, so there was not enough people to solve the abnormality occurred in the labyrinth.

Having said that, if it's left as it is, there's a concern about the monsters that will overflow from the labyrinth and might break into the territory of Outsu country.

The Outsu country has no choice but to send a assistance request to my empire.

The empire consents this willingly.

The unit in the vicinity of the border was dispatched to the Outsu country immediately.

The dispatched unit is originally a unit created with the noble's second son and third son, but the ability is the same as the other units.

It was thought that they will find out the cause of the abnormality and return.

In reality, they found out the cause of the abnormality, and returned.

However, in a shape different from the expectation.

Their unit ran away and returned.

From the mysterious spider-type monster.

According to the report, it's said that it's a threat to the extent that the necessity to be resolute of annihilation is felt with just a glance.

They withdraw immediately, and they said that it's necessary to create a special subjugation unit.

At first, I laughed off at that report saying 「What a foolish thing」.

However, from the testimony of the detailed report and the guide, the monster's danger is gradually confirmed.

At least, danger degree A rank.

The worst, it reaches the S rank.

If such a dangerous monster came out of the labyrinth, the damage will become serious.

However, at the same time, a strange rumor starts to circulate.

There's a spider monster that saves people.

The local investigator immediately looked for the source of this rumor.

Then, it's said that when a group of adventurers are attacked by a dangerous monster called Elro Baradrad in the Great Labyrinth Upper Layer, the monster defeated that monster, and even recover their comrades who were on the verge of death.

Such a foolish thing.

That was my thoughts.

I who's a monster tamer knows more about monsters than other people.

Although monster's intelligence is low, it's not like it doesn't thinks at all.

However, something like helping a person, a monster that acts with clear intention, I only heard that such monster is a legend class high rank monster.

If that story is true, the spider monster has a considerable wisdom, and it becomes a monster of the legend class.

Subjugation of such monster, as if I can do that.

However, it helped people, so that means it might be a friendly existence towards people.

If things go well, it might be possible to tame it.

And, finally my turn comes.

Really unlucky.

If the spider monster is a monster of the legend class according to the rumor, there might be no winning chance.

Even if it's not so, it's confirmed that it's at least a A rank monster.

It's quite severe to tame that.

The contract by the "Taming" skill is either the monster acknowledge it, or make it surrender with strength and force it to form a contract.

Because almost every monster won't acknowledge it, it's necessary to beat it with power once.

Beat the A rank monster until it becomes the state that it's not possible to act without killing it.

It's already an opponent that's hard to be defeated, so I can't help but to say that it's severe.

And, the opponent this time is at least an A rank.

In case of it's higher than that, it can be think that it's difficult even to win.

Cautious correspondence was necessary.

And yet.

「Haa. Good grief, having this me to explore the labyrinth. I'm really unlucky」

The person next to me is the empire's great magician, Ronant-sama.

Although he is certainly an excellent magician, there's a problem in his character.

Anyway, he is free and selfish.

He ignore orders remorselessly, and make use of the surroundings.

「Ronant-sama. In case of the opponent is higher than S rank, a person like you is needed. Please endure it」

「I know that. Well, no matter what comes, if there's me, it will be peaceful. Prepare with the belief of it's safe」

Although this person is usually a friendly and interesting person, I'm worried because he doesn't change even in the battlefield.

But still, the strength is a real deal.

He certainly has the ability to be called as the Humans strongest magician.

This time, it's the formation of me and Ronant-sama together with 30 empire soldiers and 4 guides.

If possible, I want the previous veteran guide to guide us while inquiring about the story from the guide, but he refuse it resolutely.

He said that "Like I can go to the place where such a dangerous monster is there".

Although it's regrettable, it can't be helped.

Rather, I should think that I obtained the information that the monster can even make the guide who seems to be a considerable professional to said that.

Though it's not a pleasant information.

At any rate, first of all, we must find the monster.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

146 I feel sick

Ah, this is irritating.

I'm irritated.

And all is because of that damn Dragon.

Even though I don't like the fact that it's a Dragon, that last attitude.

I'm irritated just by recalling it.

Why that guy has to put up a soldier air?

I'm irritated.

I'm angry to the extent that I can't become hungry.

Such a guy, I don't even want to eat.

Even if I eat it forcibly, my feelings will definitely become worse.

That's why, I erase that guy.

I'm also irritated with my halfway of dealing it.

Alaba might have wished to die by "Abyss Magic".

But, if I kill it with "Abyss Magic", I won't get any experience points.

Even though I worked hard to defeat it, it's painful that I won't get any reward.

I feel disgusted with such selfish thought.

Ah, I'm irritated.

When it's this intelligent, it's unpleasant.

It's a Dragon, so naturally, it should know about the structure of the world.

Alaba understands that, and wants to die.

Because it understands, it died.

Ah, that way of life is amazing.

But, try become the opponent's position here

Like this, it really a beheading.

I feel sick.

In order to distract my irritated feelings, I wander around the lower layer.

I vent my anger at the monster that catches my eyes.

And, my feelings recovered a little.

Let's return.

I carry the corpse of the monster that was teared into pieces back to home, and stress eating and sulk in bed.

Ah, before that, I must protect the corpse of the Arch with threads.

Because I leave it between the upper layer and middle layer, the monsters from both layer won't approach. In the first place, because the monsters need to break through my home before they can reach the Arch, it's impossible for them.

The middle layer is also the same. Because I go there frequently to raise my "Flame Resistance", most of the monsters don't approach that vicinity, so I think that there;s no need to worry.

But, after all, I can't calm down if I don't protect the prey that I killed with threads.

Thus, I transfer together with the monster's corpse that I killed moment ago to the place where I left the Arch.

There are humans at the transferred destination.

What?

Eh, where did these guys come from?

Don't tell me that they know that I will transfer here and they are going to ambush me!?

It doesn't seems like that.

After all, everyone is trembling and panicking.

Um, what are these guys?

Ah, their appearances looks like the knights recently, is it those people's comrades?

Although I don't know why those guys came, I wonder why did these guys come here.

If I kill them, the Administrator Gyuriedistodiez might come interfere.

That's troublesome.

Huh?

Come to think of it, how did these guys come here?

In order to come here, they must break through my home.

Wait a minute.

Somehow I have an unpleasant premonition.

"Clairvoyance" activate.

My, My Home, aaaaaaaaaaa!?

I-I-It's burningggg!?

O-O-Ooooou.

Nothing.

The My Home that I made with all of my efforts.

It has burnt black.

Damn!

Even if I endow it with "Flame Resistance", it's still weak to fire.

Dammit!

These guys, just when I'm irritated, what have you done to me!

Ah, enough already!

Who cares about Gyurigyuri!

I won't let these guys return alive!

It's convenient that the other side is motivated.

Aaah, preparing such things like swords.

If I speak of Japan, this is surely legitimate self-defense, right?

Isn't it fine if I just say that "they attacked me, so I attack them back"?

Gyurigyuri seems to be naive, so he might overlook it.

Now that it's decided, there's no need to hold back.

I will kill you all!

Total of 34 people.

Their status is higher than the recent knight group.

Average of 400.

There are those with higher status that are 500.

In addition, there are two people who are outstanding.

Judging from the appearances, a warrior type and a magician type.

Ah, but the soldier type guy has the "Summon" skill.

"Summon" is the higher rank skill of "Taming" that makes the monster to obey the user.

The monster that obeys the user can be summon from a long distance, and limited transfer can be used.

Because this guy has the "Cooperation" skill and the "Direction" skill, rather than a warrior, it might better to call him as a monster tamer or a summoner.

The magician type guy is just as it is.

The skills and status feel like a magician.

However, on top of having higher status than the other humans, his skills are quite enhanced.

Although he look like the middle-age before the elderly person, isn't he quite powerful different from his appearance?

If it's this middle-aged man, he can at least defeat the mantis in the lower layer.

Hmm?

What's this unpleasant feeling?

At the same time as the strange feeling, a change appears in my status.

Being appraised?

Such a message is displayed in the status suddenly.

When seeing it, even my skills blink in red.

Ah, this means I'm being appraised?

That means that this strange feeling that continues from a while ago is the feeling of being appraised?

Uwa, the worst.

What are you peeping at, you pervert.

Even the part that blinks in red is being appraised, so that means the level is quite high.

Hmm.

Ruler authority activate.

Appraisal refusal.

《The use of the Ruler authority is confirmed. The effect of the 『Appraisal』 skill is obstructed》

I didn't thought that I need to use the Ruler authority in such a place.

I don't want to use it as much as possible because it uses Divinity Area, but being seen is unpleasant.

And, the criminals are the summoner and the magician.

I will surely kill those two.

Well then, let's do the first human killing in my spider life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ln-2: Labyrinth's Nightmare 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The labyrinth's nightmare ②

「Fumu. The place where the corpse of the Earth Drake is here, right?」

「Yes. It should be」

「It's completely nothing」

We have came to the huge passage that's called the large passage.

It's because there's a report of encountering the monster here.

We found the nest that has the corpse of the Earth Drake, but there's nothing inside it.

No.

To be exact, there's the remains of the hard parts, etc, that seemed to be leftovers, and other than that, there's nothing.

I confirm the state of the nest again.

Judging from the impurities that stick to the threads and the state inside the nest, it was better to consider that this place is abandoned.

There were no signs of being used.

「Apparently, it seems to have changed its nest place」

「I see. Then, it looks like we can do nothing but to look for it thoroughly」

「Yeah」

After that, we searched the surroundings carefully for several days.

However, the appearance of the monster was not found.

「It's not here」

「This is strange. Guide-dono. Do you happen to know that there's a place where we haven't search in this circumference?」

After the four guides ponder about it for a while, the mouth was opened.

「There's a path that leads to the middle layer nearby. Perhaps, that monster has gone into the middle layer」

「But, if it's a spider monster, it should be weak to fire. I think that the possibility is low, so I have disregard it up until now」

I see.

Although the possibility is low, it's possible.

Speaking of the middle layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth, it's said that it's the hell of heat wave with magma overflowing in the surroundings.

Because we don't have the equipment, it's impossible to search up to the middle layer.

When thinking about the foods and the tiredness of prolonged investigation, it's certain that we should go back.

「Yosh. Then, we will investigate the road that leads to the middle layer, and if there's nothing, we will return」

Like that, we are guided, and we have advanced to the road.

「Uwa!?」

One of the guides who walk at the front stiffens unnaturally while letting out a scream.

「What's wrong?」

「I don't know, What's this? I can't move」

「Wait!」

Ronant-sama stops the other guide who tries to approach the guide carelessly.

「Apply the light and look properly. It's very hard to be see, but threads are spread around」

In accordance with Ronant-sama's words, I strain my eyes.

Certainly, there's something like the thread that sometimes reflects the light.

「This?」

「We might have pulled the hit」

If I see properly, the shape of the thread is a beautiful radial.

It was the shape peculiar to the cobweb.

「Someone cut the thread with the sword and help him」

One of the soldiers swings the sword down to save the guide who caught in the threads.

However.

「Oh. It can't cut」

Ronant-sama leaks a voice of admiration.

The swung soldier's sword sticks to the threads similar to the guide.

Although the soldier tries to pull out the sword from the threads, it doesn't move even an inch.

「Guide, it might be a little hot, but endure it」

「O-Okay」

Ronant-sama uses the magic of the fire.

With accurate manipulation, only the threads in the surroundings are burnt without injuring the guide.

It should be.

「Umu, hmm? It doesn't burns」

Although it might be a low rank magic, the thread that's said to be weak to fire remained without burning.

「I will raise the power」

Flame gushes out towards the threads from Ronant-sama.

Dazzling light overflows in the dark cave.

「Oops, I made it too powerful」

Although the a part of the guide's clothes is burned, he somehow succeeded in escaping.

The problem is the flame covers the inner part of the passage completely.

「It looks like I have done it」

「Yes. In case the owner is inside, it will surely rage」

Then, I can't hope for friendly attitude anymore.

Taming it becomes impossible.

「If possible, I hope that here is also abandoned」

「It doesn't seem impossible. Even if we did this much, it doesn't come out, so that means it's either it's away from home, or here is already abandoned」

I hope that it's like that.

If the adventurer's rumor is true, the rumored spider is said to be striding in the labyrinth.

Moreover, in all probability, it uses Transfer.

I have never heard of a monster that can use Transfer that even only few can use it among the Humans.

It might be away from home now by chance, and it's possible that it can come back at this very moment.

「Everyone, just prepare for battle. Get prepared so that you can correspond no matter what happens」

I tell the soldiers so.

The threads burn out, and the fire vanishes.

We advance the path carefully again.

The cinders of the threads were spread in a considerably wide range.

「Although it's somewhat hard to burn, it's fragile once it's ignited, huh?」

「Yes. It seems that way. It looks like the flame have spread a lot to the interior」

We advance the path that's too wide to be called as a nest, and we reach a wide open space.

「Here is?」

「The entrance to the middle layer」

The guide answers.

I see, certainly, there's heat.

It seems that the path to the middle layer is a gentle downward slope.

「Hmm?」

Something was there.

Although it was hard to see because it's a downward slope, it's a thing with a considerable size.

「Everyone, prepare」

A formation is formed, and the soldiers approach it carefully.

I stay back together with Ronant-sama and the guides, and I take out an appraisal stone from my pocket.

「Hou. Appraisal stone, huh? The level is 9, huh?」

「As a summoner, "Appraisal" is indispensable. Does Ronant-sama has the "Appraisal?」

「Umu. The level is 9」

「That's terrific. Because I use the appraisal stone frequently, the skill proficiency accumulates and it became level 3, but 9 is simply impossible」

「I frequently use it in the interval of the magic. And, it finally became level 9 at this age. Normally, it's better to use appraisal stone」

「You are right. So, how is that seen?」

The thing that I indicate.

That's the corpse of the huge spider monster.

「It's the corpse of the Arch Taratect」

Arch Taratect.

The one rank lower than the myth rank Over S monster, Queen Taratect.

The danger degree is S.

It has died in a tragic appearance.

「Furthermore, do you see it? There's a sign of a part was eaten」

Although I don't know that because there's a distance, it seems that Ronant-sama seen it.

「So that means there's an existence that killed the Arch Taratect and preys on it」

I trembled.

A monster that preys on S rank monster?

Such monster might exist?

If we encounter such a monster.

It's not good.

Even if an elite force is led and the Humans strongest magician is here, there's no winning chance against such non-standard existence.

We should withdraw.

However, the judgment was too late.

The incarnation of nightmare has transferred here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ln-3: Labyrinth's Nightmare 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The labyrinth's nightmare ③

The monster that transferred in front of the Arch Taratect's corpse was a spider monster.

Compared with the huge Arch Taratect, it's a considerably small spider monster.

It's overall black, and there's a white pattern on the back.

The pattern is like a skull.

Among the eight feet, the front two is bigger than the other feet, having a shape like the sickle.

And, the eight red eyes glare at here.

My body freezes unintentionally to that glance.

I understand that my subordinates who have gone ahead tremble.

Even though I directed them to be prepared no matter what happens.

This can't be helped.

If such a thing appears suddenly, it's rather impossible to not tremble.

Such monster is like a king who reigns over the place.

Just by looking at the appearance, I tremble with fear.

It's as the report.

I understood it at first glance without the need to appraise it

That is not an existence that we can do something about it.

「O-Oooooo?」

I look at the source of the strange groan voice, and Ronant-sama greatly opens his eyes wide and shake himself.

Don't tell me even such a powerful person was put to fear?

The Haki that the monster emits is not a trivial matter. (TL note: One Piece)

Perhaps, it might have the intimidation-type skill, but even it's like that, but I don't think that a powerful person like Ronant-sama can fail in resisting it.

「Ronant-sama?」

「How, how should I say it. Impossible. Impossible. What is this? What is this?」

「Ronant-sama!?」

「A-Ah. Sorry」

「What's wrong?」

「That monster, it has outrageous amount of skills that are multiple activated continuously in such a natural style. Impossible」

Ronant-sama must be seeing the power of the monster's activated skill that I can't see.

It's hard to say that the muttering Ronant-sama has normal mentality.

Although it doesn't seems that he's confused by the fear, the situation is not good.

Because the spider monster that was calm a while ago reveal its anger now.

This is bad.

It's completely motivated.

And, the soldiers that are affected by the anger hold their weapon instinctively.

This is not good.

If it becomes such a situation, there's no way I can bond a friendship.

The discomfort that attacks me suddenly.

This is "Appraisal"?

Who?

Don't tell me that the monster is appraising here!?

That's ridiculous!?

I have never heard a monster that can use "Appraisal".

I activate the appraisal stone to confirm it.

And, I'm dumbfounded to the appraisal result.

A terrific status.

A huge amount of skills.

Such a thing, it's impossible to win.

「Wha-!?」

Apparently, it seems that Ronant-sama has activated the "Appraisal" almost at the same time as me.

The voice of surprise leaks from his mouth.

「Ma-Magic Extremity!?」

It seems that Ronant-sama is paying attention to one of the skills that the monster, Ede Saine has.

Certainly, I have not heard and seen of such skill.

No, it's not just that.

There are many skills that I have not seen before in the Ede Saine up until now.

The skills that I have seen before as well, there's a lot of high rank skills.

However, my surprise didn't end there.

It's when I'm looking at the skills one by one.

The appraisal result disappears suddenly, and a text 『Appraisal was obstructed』 is displayed.

Obstructing the "Appraisal"?

I have not heard that such thing is possible.

「P-Please wait! Please show it more!」

「Ronant-sama! Please return to sanity!」

I scold the frenzied Ronant-sama.

And, I shout at the same time.

「Withdraw! There's no way to win! Withdraw at once!」

However, the shout was too late.

Eight people at the most front fall.

I don't know what happened.

It seemed that the Ede Saine did nothing.

However, it was there and only staring at here.

With that alone, eight soldiers fell without any harbinger.

Which skill?

Because I was not able to confirm all its skills, I don't know what effect it has.

However, even if I don't know, the situation has moved.

The Ede Saine begins a strange action as it is.

It's peeling off its own skin.

The soldiers trembled to the strange spectacle.

The soldier who saw his comrade fall attacks the Ede Saine.

However, the sword doesn't reach, and his body broke by the wall of soil that thrusts out from the ground.

Wait.

Among the skills that were able to be confirmed, the "Soil Magic" should not be there.

Although there's an unknown magic called "Abyss Magic", all the other magics should have been checked.

The "Soil Magic" should not have existed in there.

「What!? It can construct magic from scratch without using skill!?」

Ronant-sama shouts.

Can such thing be done?

No, the Humans strongest magician is showing this much discomposure.

It's probably impossible normally.

It's not the time to keep my cards.

If I don't use all of my cards, we can't overcome this difficult situation.

If everything is used and it's overcame, it can be said that we are lucky.

Summon.

My "Summon" skill level is 4.

In other words, I can summon 4 monsters in this place.

I have no choice but to use these 4 to gain time for the soldiers to escape.

How much time can be gain against such monster?

The summoned monsters appear.

Bird-type, Kirecock.

Turtle-type, Rock Turtle.

Tiger-type, Febelt.

Water Drake Suiten.

Normally, these are powerful monsters that are too valuable to be used as a sacrificial pawn.

Sorry.

Go!

At the same time as I make the summoned monsters to attack, I call out to the soldiers for withdrawal again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ln-4: Labyrinth's Nightmare 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The labyrinth's nightmare ④

The Wind Magic of the Kirecock hits the Ede Saine directly.

Although I was surprised because I never thought that it will hit, I understand the reason why the Ede Saine didn't avoid the attack when the cloud of dust caused by the impact of the magic cleared up.

Unhurt.

For the Ede Saine, something like the Kirecock's magic is not worth to even avoid it.

However, it was able to gain time.

Due to hitting the Kirecock's magic first, the Rock Turtle that's slow was able to reach the front line.

The Rock Turtle that has a high defensive ability.

The Rock Turtle is made as a shield, and the other three start to attack.

The Wind Magic of the Kirecock rains from the air, and Suiten's water breath explodes.

The Febelt attacks immediately after the two attacks hit.

The Febelt that's excellent in speed and physical offensive ability springs at the Ede Saine.

And, a spear of soil thrusts the Febelt.

The Febelt was not able to react to the huge spear of soil that spring up from the ground suddenly, and it's skewered.

Immediately after that, the flapping Kirecock falls to the ground.

As if it's been thrown down.

It collides with the ground intensely as it is, and it sinks into the ground while making an unpleasant sound.

What happened?

The Kirecock is crushed by something invisible as it is.

Meanwhile, Suiten keeps shooting the water breath.

However, the Ede Saine doesn't mind it at all.

It turns towards Suiten slowly, and Wind Magic was shot.

Not only soil, but also wind!?

In the view of the surprised me, the breath is blown off by the Wind Magic, and the appearance of Suiten defeated.

The only one remaining is the Rock Turtle.

However, the Rock Turtle doesn't move.

It can't move.

When I appraise the Rock Turtle after seeing it's state is strange, it has the abnormal condition paralysis before I know.

Moreover, all of its status falls rapidly.

HP also.

The tough Rock Turtle became a corpse at a short time that can even be called as an instant.

The summoned beasts that have get over many difficulties together with me was slaughtered one-sidedly.

And yet, the thing ruling me now is not sadness and anger.

It's fear.

It's pathetic, and it's rude towards the dead summoned beasts.

Although I think about that, I can't fight against the fear that springs up from the bottom of my body.

I want to run away from this place quick.

However, as a person who leads the unit, I can't run away before my subordinates.

My subordinates began the withdrawal in the time that was gained by the summoned beasts that became sacrifices.

However, it's slow.

I forcibly return the consciousness of Ronant-sama who loses his sense by hitting him, and make him prepare a large-scale Transfer magic to withdraw with the unit.

But still, more time is still needed to make everyone of the unit to fall back to the range of the Transfer.

A few seconds in the meanwhile.

In that few seconds, the nightmare occurs.

The magic of soil and wind flies around wildly.

Even though it seems that it's shooting at random, each hit kills the soldiers

There's a soldier who falls suddenly too.

The mysterious attack that killed the Rock Turtle a while ago.

An attack that can even kill the Rock Turtle that has a lot of HP in an instant.

The soldiers can't endure even an instant, and fall one after another.

A magic flies towards Ronant-sama who's preparing the Transfer magic.

I become resolved to use up my MP, and I summon a monster again to be a substitute for Ronant-sama.

The magic that begins to be shot many times.

I summon a monster every time.

I take a restorative medicine that recovers MP.

I summon while drinking it.

My MP that recovers gradually.

However, the consumption is more than the recovery.

Magic comes, summon, magic comes, summon.

While repeating it, finally, the summoned beast on hand is used up.

But still, the magic doesn't stop.

Or rather, the number of magics flew is obviously more than the beginning.

When I look at the surroundings wondering why, only Ronant-sama and I survived in this place.

「Ronant-sama」

「It can't be helped. We will return even if it's only both of us」

As Ronant-sama starts to activate the Transfer magic, the Ede Saine has approached to our front.

「Ronant-sama!」

「Ku!?」

The fired spear of darkness.

It's a magic filled with a frightening amount of magical power that the soil and wind magic from a while ago are seen as a child's play.

It's aiming at Ronant-sama.

Because Ronant-sama was concentrating on the magic construction, he can't avoid it.

I have used up all of my summoned beasts, so there's nothing that can be used as a shield.

It was an instant.

I use my body to stop the spear of darkness.

My body bursts open.

The spear of darkness penetrates through my body, and attacks Ronant-sama who's at the back.

Ronant-sama's right arm and a part of his side blew off.

Because I entered between the spear and Ronant-sama, the trajectory seems to have shifted a little.

Ronant-sama activates Transfer while having an anguish expression.

My view distorts.

I shut my eyes instinctively, and when I opened my eyes, it was not inside of the labyrinth.

「Eh?」

The person in front of me becomes surprised, and stiffens.

「Someone, those who can use recovery」

Ronant-sama talks to the people in the place while distorting his face in pain.

Here is the empire's magic laboratory, huh?

Immediately, the surroundings becomes noisy.

「Endure a little more」

Ronant-sama applies recovery magic on me.

「Although almost half of your upper body was blown off, you did well to still be alive with this」

「Gofu」

Although I thought to say something, blood came out of my mouth.

「After all, I have to return the hit from you. So, don't die until then, okay?」

My body recovers little by little.

My HP also has escaped from the critical area.

Treatment is also given to Ronant-sama after the people who can use recovery magic.

I take a breath of relief, and became exhausted.

Although there's a large sacrifice, we survived.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

147 So, this is the possibility that a person has

For the time being, "Evil Eye of Grudge" loaded in eight eyes.

I activate it properly from somewhere near.

When it's activated, they died instantly.

Although I think that you don't know what I'm saying, I also don't know what have happened.

It's not something shoddy like fragile or weak.

I tasted that I thought that it was the Owata style.

(TL note: From what I found, this Owata style is where the controlled game character is killed instantly just by receiving a damage. Something like a game mode, I think)

No no.

Aren't you guys too weak?

When I thought about it, I leveled up.

Furthermore, it's two.

What?

Um, even though they are this weak, such a large amount of experience points enter?

Although I have defeated 8 people by now, the experience points obtained per person is higher than a Greater Taratect.

Seriously.

Certainly, they have a lot of skills, and I thought that the experience points seems to be a lot, but it's up to here.

Crap.

Human experience point is too delicious.

Suddenly, my motivation came out.

For the time being, I take off the skin after shedding.

If I think about it, doesn't this becomes a striptease in a certain meaning?

How pointless.

Ah, when I was thinking such a foolish thing, they come at me recklessly.

Although I can do it quickly, I will have you guys to accompany me for a little experiment here.

Magic is constructed.

It was the magic that I have seen a lot of times a while ago.

I make the magic relying on my memory.

And, I activate the completed magic.

The "Earth Magic", Earth Wall.

Even if I don't have the skill, I can do it if it's only the activation of the magic.

However, it's definitely easier to activate if I have the skill because the system will assist.

If I were to compare it, it's like moving on foot and moving by train.

Reach the destination while confirming the road on foot and reach the destination automatically by train.

When saying which is easier, it's obviously the train.

However, it's possible to walk to there.

Acquiring the magic skill means acquiring the automatic construction of the magic.

Then, I only need to make the acquired construction.

In other words, if I know the construction, I can do the same thing.

In the middle of the fight with Alaba, I looked at this magic construction to the extent that I can hate it.

Then, reproducing it should be possible.

Although I thought so, I was able to reproduce it unexpectedly easy when I try it.

Is this also thanks to "Magic Extremity"?

The Knight-kun who got pushed up by the wall that appears from his feet.

Wow.

He has become the strange state that can't be said with the mouth.

Namu Namu.

The summoner is shouting something.

Oh?

Something is being summoned.

Bird, turtle, tiger, and Drake?

Ah.

Although it might be a coincidence, it's like the four gods said to rule over the four directions.

But, this is a little different.

First of all, the bird.

Whole body black.

I think that it should be red.

And, the attribute that it uses is not fire but wind.

The turtle.

Come to think of it, I did defeat you when you're a child turtle long ago in the upper layer.

You have grown up.

Rather than that, Turtle, you're like a rock.

It's not a turtle carrying a rock, but the existence itself is already a rock.

The tiger.

Why is it pink?

You, are you fine with that?

Isn't the tiger the king of the jungle?

Is it fine for a king to be in such pink color?

And, the Drake.

The only Drake part of you is the skill.

Your appearance is a blowfish.

Are you a blowfish?

You have poison unexpectedly, so you're not a Drake but a blowfish, right?

They are full of points to be retorted.

Well, they are fairly strong though.

When only the status is seen, they are stronger than the person who summoned them.

If it's the highest status, it exceeds 800.

But, the skills are fewer than the people.

The bird comes and uses Wind Magic.

So, it can use magic.

As expected, when it was raised by people, its brain will somewhat improve.

I don't have the resistance for wind, and it won't deal a great damage even if it hits, so I guess I should receive it purposely to acquire the resistance.

Ouch.

It was a little painful.

As expected, the resistance can't be acquired with just one hit.

The wind and water attacks me at the same time.

I don't have resistance for water too, so let's receive it.

Ah, the tiger has plunge in.

Because it's pointless to receive this guy's attack, I don't need it.

I activate the Earth Spear that I got used to seeing it in the Alaba battle.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Soil Magic LV1』》

Oh?

Huh?

Even though I'm using the "Earth Magic", the one I acquired is the "Soil Magic" that's the lower one.

Ah, so that means even if I use "Earth Magic", the skill that accumulates the skill proficiency is "Soil Magic"?

Hmm.

Although it's a good discovery that I can acquire magic that I don't have if I construct magic from scratch, the magic acquired is the lowest rank magic in the group of that magic.

Oh, well.

If I can acquire magic skills without paying any point, it's definitely better to do that.

As expected, it's easier to construct when I have the skill, the power and accuracy also increase.

Ah, then, I should also copy the bird's Wind Magic.

I understand the rough composition because I have been seeing it since a while ago.

If I can use the "Wind Magic", there's no need to acquire the resistance purposely now.

Thus, Bird, your role has already ended.

The bird is knock down by "Evil Eye of Magnetism".

I try the "Wind Magic" on the blowfish.

Ah, success success.

If I continue to use it, I'm sure that I will acquire the skill.

The last is the Rock Turtle, huh?

Certainly, its defensive ability is high, but compared with the Earth Dragons, well.

It has a lot of SP uselessly, so I absorb it with "Evil Eye of Grudge".

Thank you for the meal.

While I was fighting against the Four Gods(lol), the knights try to run away.

I won't let you, Experience Points.

In order to accumulate skill proficiency, I mainly use the soil and wind magic.

I reduce the number with the Evil Eyes while using magic.

Hmm?

That magician, he's trying to transfer?

Moreover, isn't that the high rank large-scale Transfer?

You intend to run away with everyone.

The Evil Eyes are out of range, huh?

Let's snipe with magic.

Ah, the summoner blocks it.

Not bad.

The summoner summons monsters desperately to block my magic sniping.

Immediately after he drank something, his MP recovers little by little.

Is it the MP restorative medicine?

To have such a convenient goods.

Humans are dirty, it's indeed dirty.

Although the surrounding knights are settled, those two might be able to run away.

I think I should stop sniping, and shoot a huge one.

Dash.

If it's this distance, it's faster to dash rather than transferring.

I move to the front of the summoner and the magician.

Darkness Spear activate.

It's different from the skill proficiency accumulating a while ago.

It's the highest level of magic that the present me can use.

I will kill the magician with this first.

After that, I can just boil or roast the summoner as I please.

When thinking about that, the summoner used his body to protect the magician.

Although the Darkness Spear penetrates through the summoner's body and wound the magician, they ran away with Transfer at the last moment.

Ah.

They ran away.

Oh, well.

Because I have marked them, I can kill them any time.

Besides, I have gain a lot of experience points, and my level rose considerably.

『Evolution Possible：Zana Horowa』

To the extent that it's possible to evolve.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

148 I'm going to evolve! Part 5

Well.

I'm exhilarated.

I never thought that I can gain so much experience points by killing people.

Well, if I think about it, it's natural, but when it's this much, I can't stop my laughter.

The number of the defeated this time is 28 people with 6 level up.

Although I let the summoner and the magician to get away, I can kill them any time because I have marked them.

Similarly, the four people that escape by running also can be killed any time because I have marked them.

I have enough time even after evolution.

The evolution this time is pretty much the final one.

Equal rank to Mother as a monster.

Well, because there's a difference in the years lived, Mother is absolutely stronger if I fight it directly.

But still, there's the deep emotion that I climbed to the top from being the weakest.

Even if I say that, I have a further top.

Even if it's the highest rank monster in the world, it's only connecting until evolving into the Arachne for me.

And, the Arachne is also only connects to reach the Administrator.

There's still a long way ahead.

But, when thinking about the efficiency of human experience points, it might end unexpectedly fast.

I gain this much of experience points just by killing 28 people, so if I kill about 1000 people, my level seems to rise in a blink of an eye.

To be frank, hunting human is absolutely better than working hard in a mortal combat with the Earth Dragon.

If there's a problem, it's Gyurigyuri.

He's probably observing me, so he should know that "Taboo" has reached max level.

Defeat Alaba and humans, and if I start the human slaughter on top of that, he should know my purpose.

I think that he will come and stop me while he understands it.

He's really a troublesome guy.

Even though there's no significance to stop me.

Umu.

Here, should I wait for a subjugation unit to be formed rather than striking them?

Because I let the summoner and the magician to get away, won't the next unit that comes to subjugate me will be more stronger?

Then, if I attack them back, "Oh wow, weird".

Legitimate self-defense.

It's not bad.

Perfect.

Yosh.

Let's wait in the labyrinth for the subjugation unit to come for a while.

Kukuku.

You should come over nonchalantly without knowing that you were lured.

Fuhehe.

Meanwhile, I guess I can go defeat the Earth Dragon if I'm free.

For the time being, things in the future are decided to be such feeling, let's make preparations to evolve.

I recover the scattered corpses.

I leave it together with the Arch.

And, I set up threads to surround the Arch.

The Arch is huge after all.

This is a great hard labor.

Fuu.

Complete.

Although it doesn't exceed the simple level, if it's only for evolving, this is enough.

The home has been burnt, so I must make a new bed with the outlook of moving.

Ah, but if I move, the subjugation unit can't come.

Hmm.

Should I even make a dummy bed?

But, if I make such a thing, isn't it better to just live in there?

Ah, but, it's dangerous if I stay at the same place too long.

Ah, although I remembered it because of that, how's the "Parallel Will" when evolving?

They are almost already physically independent of me.

What will happen if I enter the evolution state?

Oh, well.

Even if they are forced to enter the sleep mode as me, they won't die.

It should be impossible to erase them in reality unless the power outside of the system is used.

If the main body me don't die.

Thus, let's evolve.

《Individual Ede Saine evolves into Zana Horowa》

Yes Sir.

Huh?

If it's the usual, I should lose my consciousness in this timing, but I don't feel sleepy.

Ah, is it possibly the "Sleep Nullity"?

The skill acquired from the Ruler of Sloth title, "Sleep Nullity".

This skill doesn't only nullify the sleep attribute attack, but the bad condition by not sleeping disappears.

The penalty is not generated even if 24 hours all the year.

Moreover, because I can sleep normally when I want to sleep, it's a convenient skill.

Perhaps, thanks to this skill, I think that I evade the fainting when evolving.

However, this is the evolution, huh?

A strange feeling.

Although it doesn't bothers me at all, it's like a feeling of my body being remake from the inside.

Like being a completely different thing.

But, there's no unpleasant feelings like mystery and fear.

《Evolution completed》

《Became the Zana Horowa species》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

After that, the skills level up in succession.

Oh.

Although I understood that the skills rise when evolving, when I hear it like this, a great amount of skills leveled up.

《Acquired skill 『Immortality』 by evolution》

《Skill points gained》

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Hmmm!?

Somehow just now, I have a feeling that I heard something terrible that I must not miss.

What was it?

What did I acquired?

『Immortality：Impossible to die in the system』

Oiiiiiiiiiiiii!?

Are you okay with it!?

This is the bad one!?

Something like inserting such a thing lightly, that D, how idiot is she?

Fine, I will take it!

I will take it gratefully!

Iyahhou!

With this, only Gyurigyuri can defeat me!

Isn't it fine for me to get carried away?

Uehehehehehehe!

A plop sound is heard.

A smartphone fell there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149: 149 Hello, this is the Evil God
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

149 Hello, this is the Evil God

I didn't saw anything.

I see nothing.

『Hello. This is D』

Aaaa.

I don't hear anything.

『Ah, what do we have here. Somehow, there's a spider self-destruction button on my hand.』

I'm sorry, forgive me!

Or rather, what's with that button!?

When did you made it!?

『It's a joke. There's no such thing. Even without it, I can at least turn the spider into a dirty fireworks』

U-Um.

I can't feel relieved at all.

『Don't worry. I won't do anything that will kill an amusing person like you』

Ah, is that so?

I'm honored.

Then, bye.

『Self-destruction』

I'm sorry!

『It's a joke. Joke』

I don't seem to hear it as a joke at all when it's said in a monotonous voice.

『I'm often said that』

So, what do you really want?

『Just a mere celebration that you attained immortality』

Ah.

Hey, why did you make such a skill?

『What do you think that a person will aim after the person is satisfied?』

Eh?

『Wealth, fame, military power, authority, and immortality. No matter which world it is, the people will only aim for those. And, when they know that it's really obtainable, what do you think they will do?』

They will probably try to obtain it by all means.

Ah, I see.

『That's how it is. Even if they understand that they can't reach it, people wants to depend on it. At all cost. And, they will work hard and even harder, and die without obtaining it in the end. As for the fruits of their hard work, the Administrators take it. Don't you think that it's very efficient?』

As usual, you have a bad personality.

『I'm the Evil God after all』

Then, I have also obtained that, so what does this means?

『The Zana Horowa is originally set as an immortal monster after all. I didn't expect that there's an individual that will really evolve into it』

Hey.

It was a monster that must not be evolved.

『It's not wrong to evolve it. However, the first which is the Zoa Ere is a species that generates very rare, so even if it's generated, it was designed to die before it evolves』

Eh?

What's that?

『The Zoa Ere has the Corrosion Attack, right? But, there was no Corrosion Resistance』

Eh?

Is that so?

『Yes. Therefore, the normal Zoa Ere will die at the moment it used the Corrosion Attack. You are lucky to have the resistance』

How close!?

Seriously.

So, I was close to death before I knew it.

『Thanks to the resistance you have, the sickle ended to the extent that it can't be used. If it's the usual, it will be an instant death』

What a defective product.

『Kill the opponent and oneself will also die. Because of such state, it's said that it's the monster that symbolized sinister』

Ah.

Now that you say that, it sure is sinister.

It's an extreme nuisance.

『The true nature of Ede Saine doesn't change too, and it obtained the more powerful Evil Eye of Extinction. It dies before it evolves』

Is there an individual that evolve into the Zana Horowa up until now?

『There's none. Congratulations. You became the world's only unique monster. Clap clap』

Although I'm happy, when it's said by you, somehow, I can't feel happy.

『Even though I'm here to bless you specially』

No, after all, when I see the this or that up until now, well.

『I'm the Evil God after all』

Haa.

"Taboo" and "Immortality", your personality is really bad.

『I will be glad if you could say it a little with elegance. For example, pure malice』

At the point you say it yourself, it's already an out.

You are too nasty.

『Don't you think that Taboo is a well-done system?』

I don't think so.

Although it ended with only unpleasant feelings because I'm a half outsider, won't the residents in this world will go mad when "Taboo" reached max level?

『The people who maxed Taboo in the past don't receive a decent death』

That's obvious.

『It's Taboo, that's why that sort of thing is included』

Seriously, it's nasty.

Well, I guess those are the consequences when you do bad things.

『So, you've learned contents of Taboo, and now here we are』

Yeah.

I think that something is wrong even if I say so myself.

If it was the old me, I would just say something like "This is none of my business," then sleep all day.

『It's probably because of the way you've been using Parallel Will』

I'm sure it is.

『I'm saying this because you don't seem to realize it, but that's an attack outside of the system, you know?』

Ah, seriously?

『At the very least, I don't remember designing the skill to do something like that』

Oh.

In other words, I'm approaching the domain of God?

『Yes』

Fufufu.

This seems that I'm close to the day when I become the God.

『I expect it』

No, I wanted you to retort me rather than ignoring me splendidly.

『It's my true feelings. I'm expecting you to reach our area』

Are you serious?

『Yes』

What's your purpose?

『I should have said it. It's entertainment』

Ah, yeah.

It was like that.

『Because I feel good today, I will give you a little service by lecturing you』

Seriously!?

『Yes. If it's within the range that I can tell, I will teach you about various things about this world』

Oh, seriously.

Then, what should I ask?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

150 You're just the Hero and the Demon King, don't get cocky!

First, why did I reincarnate into this world?

『Ah. I will explain it in detail from the beginning. First of all, you died in the Earth's Japan. Are you fine here?』

Yes.

As expected, I have died.

I thought of it before.

『About the cause of the death, the previous Hero and Demon King are related to it』

Eh?

Why can the Hero and the Demon King of this world interfere the Earth?

『Both the previous Hero and Demon King are genius that can use Dimension Magic. They modify the Dimension Magic, and a magic that can cross over the wall of the world was made』

Can such thing be done?

『It's possible. There's no reason that it can't be done. However, The system assistance will not work on a technique outside of the system. The residents in this world that got accustomed to the system assistance can't control such an advanced magic formula. As a result, the magic formula explodes accidentally. When the dimension is crossed, a part of the ＭＡ area is destroyed, and it exploded in a certain high school classroom in Japan after crossing the wall of the world』

Uwa.

What a nuisance to others.

Destroying the ＭＡ area, are they stupid?

Then, what am I who died because of that?

『Indeed. Thanks to that, I was made to check and repair the world system that I left it as it is after I made it』

Saying something like you left it.

『I have said it, right? That I'm an outsider in the world. The one who manage the world is only the world's Administrators. Although I offered the system, I don't do anything further』

Even though you say that, you have been interfering recently.

『It can't be helped. Even though it's the result of the reckless Hero and Demon King in the world, it killed the innocent high school students and drag them into the system after all. I'm a part of the cause, so I think that I should do the minimum follow-up as the system constructor』

Hmm?

A part of the cause?

High school students?

『There are 25 former earthlings that have reincarnated into the world now. The classroom is cruelly destroyed, and there was no survivor. And, by the impact at that time, the souls of the dead at that time flow backward by the world system and everyone was reincarnated in the world. I protect the dismantled souls, and I gave the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill so that they can live in the world with their memories and the soul's power. Then, I look at everyone's suitability, give a suitable skill one by one, and mediate as much as possible to reincarnate everyone into the race that the soul's wavelength is near. With this, I think that I have done the lowest follow-up』

Eh, seriously?

So, there were people other than me.

Hmm?

How many people was there in our class?

Certainly, it's 25 people, right?

And, when the teacher is included, isn't it 26 people?

One person insufficient?

『Ah. That's me』

It's you!?

Eh?

Were you in that classroom?

『Yes. That's why, the magic of the Hero and the Demon King opened in that classroom.』

Eh?

By the way, what's your name?

『That's a secret.』

Eh?

Who?

Was there such a person?

『Well, leaving aside my story. Because I who is the system's top Administrator was in that classroom, that accident happened. That's why, I also have a part of the cause. I interfere the world in this way to take the responsibility』

Haan.

So that's why I have the "Idaten" by nature.

But, what about "Wisdom"?

From what I heard so far, at the point when everyone was reincarnated, your responsibility seemed to be over from what you are saying.

『I have said it at that time. It's a reward for working hard』

Ah, I see.

I will thank you just in case.

Thank you.

『You're welcome』

So, why did you give me "Wisdom", and after maxing my "Taboo", you ask me to save this world?

『I never said such thing. It's free for you to do anything you want in that world. I won't stop you and direct you. I'm just an onlooker』

I hope that it's so.

『There's no trust』

After all, you're the Evil God.

『You're not wrong』

Ah, that's right.

What did the Hero and the Demon King wanted to do until they do such a stupid thing?

『Probably, they want to defeat me』

Why?

『There seems to be a power that considers the Administrators to be an enemy. The previous Hero and Demon King might have been tempted by them』

The idiots that can't be saved, huh?

Aaaa.

To die because I was drag into the misfortune accident by those guys.

It's the worst.

『Well, because I have done the follow-ups, it's your choice to do whatever you want in the different world』

Ah, un.

Yeah.

Thank you for working at that area in spite of the Evil God.

Seriously, I was saved.

『You're welcome』

So, who are the guys who tempt the Hero and the Demon King?

『Because it doesn't seem to be interesting if I tell you, please confirm it with your eyes』

Uwa.

Keeping it in suspense there?

『Because it seems interesting that way』

How ill-natured.

By the way, you said that everyone is reincarnated into the race near to the soul's wavelength, but I'm a spider, right?

『You're a spider』

My soul is near the spider?

『Your wavelength must be very match. As for the others, most of them reincarnate into the Humans』

No!?

Why!?

Why is it a spider!?

If possible, I also wanted to be born as a human!

A death survival from the moment I was born, it's too eventful!

『However, because you are born as a spider, you have a head start to be possible to act like this, so it's hard to say that it's a failure』

Head start?

『Yes. The others are still babies』

A-Ah.

I see.

So, not much time has passed since I was born.

『Although there's that too, you were born earlier than the Humans. When saying from the calculations of years in the Earth, you were born roughly half a year earlier than them』

I see.

Then, that means I grow up quickly with a half year head start while they are saying "Babubabu" in baby.

『Yes. Do you have any other questions?』

Then, why did you make such a troublesome thing like the system?

Even if you don't make such a thing, if it's you, weren't you able to do something?

『There's no meaning to do something about it. I'm the Evil God after all』

Well, is that so?

『I will look at your actions interestingly from now on』

No, don't see.

『Of course I will see. I look at you while playing game with potato chips on one of my hand』

What's with that luxury

Are you still in Japan?

『Yes』

I'm jealous!

『Potato chips are delicious. Ah, there was a new ice cream. I will eat it later』

Just die!

Ice cream!

『See you later』

The smartphone disappears.

She only chatted, and disappeared.

『Zana Horowa　LV1　No name

Status

ＨＰ：４２９３／４２９３（Green）＋１８００（Details）(1801 up)

ＭＰ：１３２９２／１３２９２（Blue）＋１８００（Details）(4182 up)

ＳＰ：２８７３／２８７３（Yellow）（Details）(1060 up)

：１４４５／２８７３（Red）＋０（Details）(1060 up)

Average Offensive Ability：２８３３（Details）(1141 up)

Average Defensive Ability：２９０４（Details）(1141 up)

Average Magic Ability：１２５９９（Details）(3841 up)

Average Resistance Ability：１２５４５（Details）(3841 up)

Average Speed Ability：８３６１（Details）(2821 up)

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV9 (2 up)」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic God Act LV3 (1 up)」 「Magic Granting LV8 (1 up)」 「Offensive Magic Power LV1 (new)」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV2 (1 up)」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV2 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV7 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Slashing LV9 (1 up)」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV2 (1 up)」 「War God Spirit LV1 (new)」 「Vitality Granting LV6 (1 up)」 「Dragon Power LV8 (1 up)」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV7 (1 up)」 「Corrosion Attack LV5 (1 up)」 「Heresy Attack LV6」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV8 (1 up)」 「Thread Genius LV1 (new)」 「Universal Thread LV7 (1 up)」 「Thread Manipulation LV10」 「Telekinesis LV3 (2 up)」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV4 (2 up)」 「Space Maneuver LV9 (1 up)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Super Thought Acceleration LV1 (new)」 「Future Vision LV1 (new)」 「Parallel Will LV8 (1 up)」 「High-speed Calculation LV7 (1 up)」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Probability Correction LV9 (2 up)」 「Stealth LV10」 「Camouflage LV3 (2 up)」 「Silent LV9 (1 up)」 「Tyrant LV2 (1 up)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Degeneration」 「Immortality (new)」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Wind Magic LV1 (new)」 「Soil Magic LV2 (new)」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10」 「Darkness Magic LV5 (3 up)」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Space Magic LV10」 「Dimension Magic LV5 (1 up)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Anger LV4 (2 up)」 「Satiation LV8 (1 up)」 「Sloth」 「Wisdom」 「Destruction Resistance LV6 (1 up)」 「Blunt Resistance LV7 (2 up)」 「Slash Resistance LV7 (2 up)」 「Flame Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Soil Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Great Heavy Resistance LV2 (1 up)」 「Abnormal Condition Nullity (new)」 「Acid Resistance LV7 (1 up)」 「Paralysis Resistance LV8 (1 up)」 「Faint Resistance LV6 (1 up)」 「Great Fear Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV5」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV8」 「Evil Eye of Grudge LV7 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Stasis LV6 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Magnetism LV3 (2 up)」 「Evil Eye of Extinction LV4 (1 up)」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV2 (1 up)」 「Perception Range Expansion LV6 (1 up)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV7 (1 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Destiny LV3」 「Body Flicker LV8 (1 up)」 「Durability LV8 (1 up)」 「Fortitude LV3 (1 up)」 「Fortress LV3 (1 up)」 「Idaten LV7」 「Taboo LV10」 「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：３６００

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer」 「Fear Bringer」 「Dragon Killer」 「Ruler of Sloth」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」 「Conqueror (new)」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

151 Outside

Several days passed after I evolved.

Meanwhile, I watch over the four people who I let go escape from the labyrinth while I hunt in the lower layer.

I leave the magician and the summoner who escaped with Transfer for a while.

I intend to let them swim until a subjugation unit comes.

And, about the four people who ran away, naturally, they should head towards the exit.

I judge that I can reach the exit of this labyrinth if I follow the four people who I marked while hunting in the lower layer.

If I go after the two people who escaped with Transfer by Transfer, I can go outside.

But, I want to grasp the exit's location properly.

Thus, I think that I will keep the group of 4 until they reach the exit.

Immediately after evolving, I chat with D and spend my time leisurely, after that, I eat, then spend my time leisurely again.

Well, I have eaten it.

Finally, I have done it.

Un, I will only say that it was very delicious.

I decided to rebuild the home in the same place for the time being.

It should still be all right even if I stay here.

After that, I return to the lower layer to raise my level.

As expected, after evolving into the highest rank, the rise of the level is slower than before.

Because the level will reset to 1 immediately after evolution up until now, the rise of the level is faster than before evolution to some extent, but it's not so fast this time.

Although the necessary experience points decreased compared with before evolution, it still requires a great amount.

I have continue hunting in the lower layer for several days, and my current level is 6.

Only 5 levels rise.

Only 5, huh?

You trash.

Well, if I start the human hunting, it will rise quickly, so I will endure it for now.

Oh, yes.

The Earth Dragon duo of Kaguna and Geere that's in the lower layer.

They became a trio before I know.

Un.

The Earth Dragons that exist in the lower layer except Alaba have gathered.

The newly joined one is Earth Dragon Fuito.

It's level 11, and it's the lowest among the Earth Dragon.

The combat ability is also the lowest, it's the same type as Alaba which is the balance type, but it's one step and even two steps weaker than Alaba.

If Alaba is an all-rounder, Fuito is a jack-of-all-trades and master of none.

Well, I won't lose if it's an one-to-one.

If it's an one-to-one.

There's no way I can win against three of them!

Thus, basically, I leave them alone.

Although I might be able to do it if it's the present me, when thinking of the risk and the effort, I don't want to defeat them to that extent.

Because I obtained "Immortality", I won't die, but this skill probably means that I won't die as an existence, and something like wounds will remain normally.

In other words, I can't act if my HP becomes 0.

Because I have "Patience", I can add MP to there further, but when even my MP is exhausted, I think that I can't move.

Because I have Automatic HP Recovery and Automatic MP Recovery, I will eventually recover and become possible to move, but if a person acquired the "Immortality" without automatic recovery, it seems possible that the person will stop moving and stay there forever.

This means that can't die = not invincible.

That's why, when I fight with a strong guy, there's enough possibility for me to be defeated.

Although I won't die, I can't move and act until I'm recovered.

Then, I'm crushed again after I recovered.

It's possible that I will get trap in that loop.

When that happens, it's the end.

As expected, I should change my main target to humans from now on.

Because I overhunted too much, the monsters in the lower layer seem to be depopulated soon.

Bottom layer?

After all, Mother is there.

It will definitely attack me at the moment I go there.

It's still early to go to the bottom layer.

I raise my level in the lower layer properly, raise my skill proficiency in the home, and spend my time leisurely.

When I do such a thing, it looks like the group of 4 have finally reach the exit of the labyrinth.

I pursue them with Transfer.

Oh?

Ooh!

It's bright!

It's different from the brightness in the middle layer.

It's the brightness of the sun!

Although I don't know whether it's called as the sun or not in this world, it's the sun.

Ah, there's a lot of people.

I'm attracting attention.

Hello.

Konnichiwa.

Please don't stare at me so much because I'm shy.

The entrance of the labyrinth has the atmosphere like the border.

There's a checkpoint-like facility.

I wonder is the labyrinth's in and out checked properly.

Ah, it's also to make sure that the monsters don't get out of the labyrinth.

That explains why there are a lot of armed soldiers.

Ah, group of 4 discovered.

They are trembling excessively.

Ah, well, just when they thought that they escaped from the labyrinth, I appeared.

Of course that's scary.

Un?

What?

Taking out your weapons like that, do you intend to do it?

From what can be seen by appraising you guys, you guys are fairly weak, right?

Compared with the knight party who was annihilated recently, your status and skills are poor.

Huh?

Perhaps, the recent knight party was actually considerably strong as human?

Never.

No matter how you look at it, there's no way such a weak people are strong.

Even if they are not the Dragon class, there should be at least humans of the strength of Drake class.

When I was thinking deeply, the soldier's spear pierced me.

It's painful.

What are you doing?

Because my HP don't decrease much, it's fine though.

For now, the one who make a move is the other side, so it's legitimate self-defense.

Massacre.

I have the people in the place together with the group of 4 become my food of experience points.

My level rose by 5.

As expected, human efficiency is the best.

I wonder what was the recent lower layer hunting for.

I have defeated them specially, so I will eat their meat deliciously.

Umu.

Because it's my first time to be under the sun, let's take a walk for a moment.

Celebration, De-Hikki.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

152 The spider traveling alone aimlessly

The clear blue sky.

The green trees that grow in abundance.

The overflowing red blood.

Umu.

The outside is wonderful.

After all, it was dark in the labyrinth, and there's no change in color because everywhere is rocks.

Although the middle layer was a superb view in a certain meaning, it's more brutal than that.

It's the first time for me to see the blue sky and the green plants since I was born in this world.

Eh?

Blood?

I got tired of looking at such thing.

There are monsters in the labyrinth that shed green blood, you know?

I think that there's a difference between that green and the green I'm seeing now in value.

Eh?

That's why, blood?

Don't mind it.

The Soldiers-san only became a little mosaic.

Yes.

I was surrounded.

When I break through the checkpoint, the next was the fort.

Well, I'm surprised.

I wonder how many monsters have come out of the labyrinth.

But, it's to the extent that the fort is built, so does it means they come out at a great frequency?

Well, it was right to build it though.

I destroyed it.

Tehe.

Ah, un.

Well.

When I'm attacked, of course I will counterattack.

If my attack hits the fort, of course it will break.

Look, I didn't do anything wrong.

I assert my innocence.

Therefore, Gyurigyuri don't come.

However, it's really a fragile fort.

If it's Alaba, it won't even receive any damage with a magic of such level.

Although it might be harsh to compare it with that, what's with it when I just follow that by shoot magic repeatedly a little and it collapses?

Earthquake-resistant structure will laugh hearing it.

No, there's no earthquake-resistant structure though.

The blood of the people who got crushed flow from everywhere of the collapsed fort.

As expected, it's troublesome to dig them up specially to eat them.

I have eaten a lot and I'm full too.

Oh, well.

Leave it.

My level rose by 3, and there's no hindrance. With this, I can finally take a walk.

Then, let's look around the first outside world.

Hmm.

Which way should I go?

There's a quite big road beyond the fort.

If I advance along the road, I seem to reach a town or something.

Let's use the "Space Maneuver" to the sky.

I look around the surroundings from the sky.

Oh?

I can see something like a town beyond the road.

It's unexpectedly near.

When deviating from the road, the right side is a plain.

On the left side, the plain continues a little, and tress gradually increase over there and becomes a forest.

And, when turning back, the plain continues for a while, becomes a forest, and I can see the mountain over there.

Because it says that it connects the continents, I certainly thought that the exit is near with the sea, but surprisingly, it's inland.

If I go over the mountain that's seen far away, is it the sea?

What should I do?

As expected, I should not go to the town.

Although I won't show mercy for those who attack me, I'm not a demon to the extent that I will slaughter nonresistant residents.

If it's an ordinary resident, the experience points might not be so high.

Although I'm interested in human food, I don't want to cause a needless uproar here.

Because I have already destroyed the fort, I think that it's already too late, but it's a defeat if I mind it!

Then, the right plain or the left forest or the back mountain.

Let's go for the mountain.

Even if I say that it's a mountain, it doesn't feel to be so high.

It should have at least 1000 meters above sea level.

Because I think that there might be the sea if I go over the mountain, I will wander around while sightseeing.

If it's the mountain, there might be monsters that are not in the labyrinth.

Something like deer or bear or wild boar.

If I compare it with the monsters in the labyrinth, doesn't it seems delicious?

Besides, if luck is on my side, I might be able to taste mountain foods.

Something like mushroom or fruit.

Such thing like scared of the poison in the mushroom is an old story.

Thanks to the Abnormal Condition Resistance acquired by the Conqueror title, such thing is nothing.

After all, all of my abnormal condition-type resistance including "Sleep Nullity" have united, and evolved into "Abnormal Condition Nullity" straight away.

Fufufu.

With or without poison, there's nothing that the present me can't eat!

However, is a raw mushroom delicious?

As expected, I want to eat it after burning it.

When I reach the sea, I want to enjoy seafood.

Not the pseudo marine products in the middle layer, but the genuine seafood.

Ah, by the way, the blow fish aka Water Drake of the Four Gods(lol) that the summoner enslaved is a blow fish after all.

Although the meat was delicious, the part with the poison was dangerous.

Although it would be good if I can remove the poison, with my spider body, I can't do such a skillful thing.

Because I can use hands if I become the Arachne, cooking might be possible.

Although I only eat and drink instant things in my previous life, I can pretty much cook simple dishes.

Well, it's still a long way to go to be able to do that.

Cooking, huh?

If I learn the "Fire Magic", I can make simple things though.

Because I'm weak to fire as usual, a great amount of skill points is demanded for the acquisition of "Fire Magic".

Well, it can't be helped.

I can't use my precious skill points only for cooking, so I will just look at someone who uses the "Fire Magic", and learn it steadily.

When I reach the sea, there's the "Swim" skill too, so it might be fine to swim until I acquire it.

I also want to experiment how far the "Space Maneuver" can function underwater.

I think that I probably won't drown.

Because I not good at moving my body in my previous life, I'm not so good at swimming, but I'm not a hammer.

I don't know whether the spider can swim or not.

But, I'm sure that it's all right.

Perhaps, probably, surely.

Therefore, let's go.

I depart in high and proud spirits.

Aiming at mountain food and seafood!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

153 Conversation with Kuro

It became dark before I reach the mountain because I advance while appraising every single thing in the surroundings.

Well, after all.

The appraisal result in the labyrinth is 「Wall of labyrinth」 or 「Floor of labyrinth」.

It's amazingly fresh that appraisal result of everything that I see is displayed properly.

If I intend to run, I can reach the mountain immediately, but when I appraise various things like the grass that grows around there instinctively, it took much longer than I thought.

I even appraise something like the weed in detail.

Among that, there was a thing that its flower becomes the material of medicine, but unfortunately, the flower didn't bloom.

It looks like it didn't bloom seasonally.

Well, however, I was surprised that there was a name properly in such grass that has no special use.

I thought that everything will show up as 「Weed」 because it's Appraisal-san, but the name is separated in detail.

Well, come to think of it, even if the weed is said in one word, it has various kinds after all.

To say that such thing is all the same weed is like saying that the pig and the wild boar are the same.

When I kept appraising the flowers while thinking about pointless things, it became dark.

Well, it's not travel to hurry.

Although I should actually raise my level quickly, because it's not something that can be done in one or two days, I should still have enough time even if I take it easy for a little.

Although it's certain that I will be cornered, the one who will be troubled is Gyurigyuri.

Well, seeing from Gyurigyuri, it might be his long-cherished ambition.

It's really a troublesome thing.

I have the feelings of wanting to move earlier if possible too.

But, when it's said whether the feelings are really my feelings or not, it's strange.

Because I receive influence in mind, my way of thinking now is a little different from before.

I don't think that it's bad though.

Even if my thought changes, it's unchanged that I am me.

However, the feelings of it's troublesome and the feelings of it's necessary to do it mixed and becomes a little complicated state of mind.

Moreover, in my case, the Ruler skills influence and the influence of eating Mother, both come at the same time.

Especially, the influence of eating Mother is huge.

Well, this was assumed when I have started eating it, so let's think that it's a necessary cost.

However, when the sun sets, it's really pitch-black all around.

Because I have "Night Vision", I don't have any problems, but when there's no light, it becomes this dark, huh?

I understand well how Japan where there's streetlight properly is bright.

Because I have been in the labyrinth all the time, this is the night that I experience for the first time in my life.

Somehow, I'm a little excited.

Should I sleep out in the open air today?

It's the precious first time outside, let's taste the outside night.

If it's inside the labyrinth, there was no day and night.

My base is still in the labyrinth.

I can return anytime with Transfer, so now, with the feeling of going out.

The real pleasure of the travel, a stay.

With such feeling, I prepare for camping.

I'm making a simple home with the thread.

And, when I'm doing so, Space Perception.

Something is transferring here.

Ah, crap.

I have seen this beautiful tremor of space once.

The man who appears crossing the space.

The armor that looks like it combined with the slim body.

The black that dyes the whole body.

The one who appeared is as expected, Administrator Gyuriedistodiez.

It's early.

I have not prepared mentally.

I mean, because I don't know the different world language, conversation is impossible.

In the first place, I can't talk.

Nothing nothing.

Seriously, what should I do?

I can't win if we fight.

As for escaping, it's useless if the opponent has Transfer.

Speaking frankly, the moment when this guy feels like it, my life ends.

Then, I have no choice but to prepare myself for the worst.

After Gyuriedistodiez stared at me silently for a while, he let out a big sigh.

『Can this be understood?』

Unexpectedly, I heard a voice that sounded in my head directly.

Like the voice of heaven.

Moreover, I hear it in Japanese properly.

I nod silently.

『I interfered with the translation function of the skill that D made. With this, my Telepathy will be heard as your language, and your words will also be heard as my language here』

I see.

Such thing can be done.

If I make use of it, can I translate it any time?

『By the way, I'm executing this function by force. Because it's not the function of the original skill, it's difficult for you to execute it』

Ah, is that so?

That's a regret.

『Well then, I will convey my matter that I came today. I want you to stop the actions that you said just now, and don't cause any troubles for the Humans from now on』

Muu.

Although it's better than being killed without questioning, as expected, you come to stop me.

『I have heard about your circumstances roughly from D. I will apologize obediently for involving you by the circumstances of the world here. I'm sorry. On top of that, I want you to not get involved any further about this world. I understand it well that it's an impudent wish. I also understand why you are raising such actions. And based on that, I came to request like this』

Oh dear, this person is a gentleman more than I imagined.

I mean, you're terribly poor.

Isn't this the feeling that I will be attack without questioning even if I decline?

Were you threatened by D?

『Could you give me an answer?』

Hmm.

When you come sincerely like this, it might be better for me to answer you properly.

Ah, because when the other party is D, my feelings were read, so it was quite easy, but it's been a long time to tell my words to another person with my own will.

I mean, isn't this the first time in my life?

I'm starting to get nervous now.

『I will refuse it』

After spending a lot of time and finally speak, Gyuriedistodiez became silent with a serious look.

My heart throbbed.

In various meanings.

I have a feeling that my life was shortened just by saying a word.

『No matter what?』

The pondered Gyuriedistodiez asked to make the last confirmation.

I return it with a nod.

『I see』

Gyuriedistodiez looks up at the sky.

『In the view of a person of a different world, does the thing that I'm doing looks funny?』

Gyuriedistodiez wrinkle up his eyebrows, and ask.

The face seems to cry, is exhausted, and is suffering, but it was a face of a man who resolved himself to still continue walking.

I can't answer the question.

Because it's other people's affairs.

However, I can say only this.

『You should do what you want to do』

After all, it's like that.

Move forward through the path that oneself believes in.

That's the only thing that can be done to the question that has no correct answer.

『I see. You're right』

Gyuriedistodiez muttered after looking surprised.

『Then, I will do what should be done by me. However, D has gave a warning to me about you. I won't harm you for a while. However, please remember. If the thing that you are doing has a conflicting end to me, I will stand in your way』

I'm sure of it.

But, if possible, I pray that it won't happen.

『I will leave at this much today. Farewell』

Like that, Gyuriedistodiez left with Transfer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

154 Mountain foods

One night passed.

Ah, I was nervous.

I was too nervous to the extent that I can't sleep.

Isn't the hurdle too high that the first conversation in my spider life is the world's Administrator?

It's like telling me who's already shy of strangers to talk to the Prime Minister suddenly.

It's actually a person who's at a position higher than the Prime Minister in this world.

D?

Because that's an exception, it's not counted.

It would be good if the first one is an ordinary villager C.

Why is it C?

Somehow.

Well, it seems that Gyurigyuri won't come and interfere me for a while from now on, so it's large that the concern disappeared.

That person is more naive than my imagination.

Well, otherwise, it won't become like this.

I was saved.

Then, let's forget about Gyurigyuri and head to the mountain.

Because I took it easy yesterday too much, I will increase my pace a little.

I moved with quick steps than yesterday while appraising.

When I found a plant that I didn't look at it with Appraisal yesterday, I will stop for a moment.

Although I intend to hurry, it can't be helped because I'm interested.

I pass through the plain, and enter the forest.

Because there's no road, it's hard to advance because it's thick, but I advance by jumping over the trees with "Space Maneuver".

There's nothing that seems to be an animal trail, and there's no figure of the monsters either.

There's no monster in this area.

It might be only few of them.

Oh?

I discovered an ivy-like plant that bears red fruits.

『Bonkuura：A plant that grows naturally and widely in the Kasanagara continent. Periodically bloom and bear fruits. It's actually sweet, but contains a little paralysis』

I see.

I mean, what a harsh name.

(TL note: It's similar to ぼんくら(Bonkura), which means blockhead/idiot/dimwit)

Paralysis, huh?

Hmph, such thing like paralysis won't work on me who has the "Abnormal Condition Nullity".

Thus, itadakimasu.

Sweet, delicious.

There's a slight sour stimulation and it's delicious.

Delicious.

It's Delicious!

When I noticed it, I have eaten all the fruits that grew on the ivy.

Ah, it's already over.

It was delicious.

Thank you for the delicious meal.

After all, the raw fruit is different.

Because the one I ate some time ago was dried.

Un.

It was fresh.

It looks like it's not a rare plant, so if I search for it, I wonder will I find more of it.

Hmm.

But, my first purpose is the mountain after all.

Let's secure the one that grows along the way.

I advance the forest by skipping.

I discovered the Bonkuura several times on the way.

Of course I secured it.

The Space Storage of the "Space Magic" was useful for the first time.

Space Storage is the magic learned in the "Space Magic", the so-called Item Box-like magic.

It's said to be able to store things in a different space and can take it out anytime, it's a very convenient magic for humans but in my case, because I don't carry things in the first place, it was left up until now.

After all, I have only eat the food on the spot, or bring it back to home with Transfer, or make a new home at the place.

I think that it's the home's fault because it's too convenient.

Isn't it fine with just the home?

I think so.

Although I experimented the Space Storage once when I learned it, my MP is consumed when it's activated, and when I take out something, my MP is also consumed.

The MP consumption increases in proportion to the size or the weight of the object stored.

The MP consumption when taking something out is slightly lower than storing.

However, if the MP becomes very low and the MP restorative medicine is stored, a tragedy seems to happen that it can't be taken out.

By the way, although it's stored in a different space, the object will deteriorate steadily by time progression.

It seems that time passes even in a different space.

However, because it's a different space, the deteriorating speed is slow.

So, something like proper preserved food can last for a fair number of days.

I expect that the "Dimension Magic" probably has a similar magic that time doesn't passes.

I wonder if I can learn it if the level rises.

That's why, the Space Storage that was a useless magic up until now is useful.

Normally, this magic will never become a useless magic.

When I think of it, I think that I don't have useless skills.

Although it can be said that I pick the necessary ones, even the one that the was acquired by the title is useful.

The one that was useless in the beginning like the "Poison Synthesis" has outstanding ability. The skills that were useless in the beginning became useful after evolving.

Although "Shadow Magic" is useless, the derived "Dark Magic" plays an active role.

The skills that still haven't place for its role are only the Ruler skills like "Hell".

Because the Ruler skills reduce the divinity area, I don't have the plan to use it in the future.

When I was thinking deeply about such things, I arrived at the mountain.

I mean, I entered the mountain before I know it.

Ah, well, it's hard to know the border of the forest and the mountain when it's nature.

But, unlike the forest, there's some distance between the trees, and the weed is also few.

In this case, it seems that I can walk on the ground.

Un?

My perception caught the reaction of creatures here and there.

Although it only caught small animals like small birds or mouses in the forest, the mountain has a quite big reaction.

For the time being, let's see the nearby reaction.

Although I can see it with "Clairvoyance", I want to move and catch it with my naked eye.

It's one monster that was there.

Well.

What's this guy?

Pig?

Although the monster's face is pig-like, the body is like a gorilla, and on top of that, tentacles grow from its back. A strange-looking figure.

U-Un.

Chimera pig?

It doesn't seems to be delicious.

In addition, the status is lower than its sinister appearance.

Only exceeds the 100 a little is a weak monster of the upper layer class if saying it in the labyrinth.

Somehow, the appearance and strength, it's an unbalanced monster.

It's defeated by the "Intimidation" that I emit, and it stiffens.

The "Intimidation" skill evolves and became "Tyrant".

The effect is just the same, with the increased power of "Intimidation".

If I always have this turned on and with the effect of Fear Bringer, the stealth-types are offset.

The stealth-types might can be said as useless skills in such meaning.

Well, I killed it quickly.

I mean, it was an instant with Evil Eyes.

Although I have the Evil Eyes turned off after coming out, it ascended to Heaven when I turn them on.

Namu.

Although it doesn't look delicious, I will eat it just in case.

Wh...at...!?

Delicious!?

Is this the power of the mountain?

Even such a guy who seems to be bad can become delicious if it grows up in the mountain.

Mountain is amazing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

155 The reason to climb the mountain is because ingredients are there

This is amazing.

Mountain is amazing.

Although I have hunted several monsters after the pig, all were delicious.

I was surprised.

Although the eel was the most delicious in the labyrinth, delicious things idle approximately the same as the eel idle in the mountain.

I became addicted to it and ran around the mountain.

Usagi oishi kano yama. (TL note: I think the original should is 兎追いしかの山)

When I heard that song for the first time, I had a stupid misunderstanding whether the rabbit is delicious or not, but it was not necessarily wrong!

However, if I hunt too much, the mountain's ecosystem will collapse.

Unlike the game, the monsters don't spawn infinitely, so if I don't restrain myself to some extent, I can seriously hunt the creatures in the mountain completely if it's my present strength.

The number of monsters decreased because of my overhunting even in that huge lower layer of the labyrinth.

After all, I hunted the monsters in the lower layer at least 3-digits one day.

If I hunt with such high pace, even if the lower layer is wide and the number of monsters is a lot, it's obvious that it will decrease.

Hunt monsters, eat, recover SP, and hunt monsters with the recovered SP.

Endless as follows.

Is it a virtuous circle or a vicious circle?

For the time being, I will restrain myself to this much for the mountain hunting.

I was able to harvest fruits and plants that seemed to be able to eat, and if it's only the monsters, the nutritional balance is bad.

Well, in the labyrinth, I never ate a plant before.

In the labyrinth, I only ate monsters.

It's amazing that I didn't even drink water before.

If it's a normal living thing, it's impossible.

Monster.

It might be good that I was born as a monster around there.

Well then, it became dark again when I collect ingredients.

Hmm.

Although it's fine to even sleep in the open like this, I wonder should I go to the top of the mountain to watch the rising sum.

Oh, that might be good.

I only saw the rising sun in the television.

Well, because the scale of the mountain is small, it won't be a thing to be impressed.

Thus, depart to the top of the mountain.

Thanks to "Night Vision", I can advance smoothly even when it's dark.

Although my body get scratch sometimes by the pointed branches, my body is not wounded because of my high defensive ability.

After all, my defensive ability is 4-digits.

I don't get wounded often.

But, I can't be overconfident.

Although the status of this world is important, it's not absolute.

Even if my opponent's offensive ability is one-tenth or less of my defensive ability, I will get wounded when I'm wounded.

Even in the recent fort, I have been stabbed by the spear.

Well, thanks to that method, I was able to win against the snake in the old days.

Thinking back now, I think that with that status, I did well to win against the snake.

At that time, my status is in the first half of the 2-digits.

On the other hand, the snake has a status of the average of around 300.

If my Poison Fang didn't pierce it, I'm checkmated.

In the same reason, no matter how low my opponent's rank, I may sustain a wound sometimes.

Because I have the "Abnormal Condition Nullity" unlike the snake, I can't be killed by poison, and because I have Automatic HP Recovery, there's no way that it will become a dangerous situation.

In the first place, I'm immortal.

But, as a self-proclaimed evasion specialized, as expected, receiving damage is a disgrace.

When I thought about such things, my HP decreased.

The "Satiation" stock only decreased by 1, so it was replenished instantly by automatic recovery.

The problem is why did my HP decrease.

My HP decreases.

In other words, something wounded me.

Something.

It's almost impossible for the natural things to wound the present me.

Then, it's someone's attack.

There's only that.

The top of the mountain.

One monster was there.

『Peirens　LV7

Status

ＨＰ：９７２／９７２（Green）

ＭＰ：８１０／８７７（Blue）

ＳＰ：８９９／８９９（Yellow）

：７２０／８７１（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：９１８

Average Defensive Ability：８８８

Average Magic Ability：８６７

Average Resistance Ability：８５６

Average Speed Ability：９０１

Skill

「Wind Drake LV5」 「Dragon Scale LV6」 「Magic Perception LV3」 「Magic Manipulation LV3」 「Wind Magic LV2」 「Shadow Magic LV1」 「Enhanced Wind LV2」 「Wind Attack LV6」 「Accuracy LV5」 「Evasion LV6」 「Stealth LV7」 「High-speed Flight LV5」 「3D-Maneuver LV5」 「Presence Perception LV6」 「Storm Nullity」 「Night Vision LV4」 「Enhanced Vision LV3」 「Life LV2」 「Magic Well LV1」 「Agility LV1」 「Endurance LV1」 「Powerful LV1」 「Sturdy LV1」 「Magician LV1」 「Protection LV1」 「Dash LV1」

Skill points：７７５０

Title

「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」』

That guy, huh?

A Drake of wind.

It has a proper Drake form unlike the recent blow fish of the pseudo Water Drake.

However, because the wings are its arms, rather than a Drake, it might be better to called it as a wyvern.

Judging from its strength, I wonder if it's the mountain's master.

Speaking frankly, it's not my enemy.

But, I brace myself.

I think that my HP decreased is because of the effect of the Assassin title that gives a damage bonus to surprise attack.

But, the problem before that.

Normally, I won't receive an attack of this level even if it's a surprise attack or whatever it is.

Why did I receive an attack of such a guy?

It's obvious.

It's because I let my guard down.

I became slightly strong recently, and I was self-conceited.

My attentiveness has clearly become loose compared with the time when I was weak that I will die instantly if I receive a single blow.

It's not good like this.

I brace myself again, and face the approaching Wind Drake.

The result was an overkill.

Sorry.

I released my seriousness a little too much.

I apologize to the fragment of the former Wind Drake that became a terrible spectacle that's no use to be censored.

The amount that can be eaten doesn't remain anymore.

Un.

Although it's not good to be careless, it's not good to be too serious.

『Zana Horowa　LV14　No name

Status

ＨＰ：６０１１／６０１１（Green）＋１８００（Details）(1718 up)

ＭＰ：１６５５３／１６５５３（Blue）＋１８００（Details）(3261 up)

ＳＰ：３７６５／３７６５（Yellow）（Details）(892 up)

：３７６５／３７６５（Red）＋１８００（Details）(892 up)

Average Offensive Ability：４１４１（Details）(1308 up)

Average Defensive Ability：４２０６（Details）(1302 up)

Average Magic Ability：１５７３９（Details）(3130 up)

Average Resistance Ability：１５６７５（Details）(3130 up)

Average Speed Ability：１０８３３（Details）(2472 up)

Skill

「Super-speed HP Recovery (new)」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic God Act LV4 (1 up)」 「Magic Granting LV9 (1 up)」 「Offensive Magic Power LV4 (3 up)」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV3 (1 up)」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV3 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Destruction LV8 (1 up)」 「Enhanced Blunt LV1 (new)」 「Enhanced Slashing LV9」 「Enhanced Piercing LV2 (new)」 「Enhanced Shock LV2 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV3 (1 up)」 「War God Spirit LV2 (1 up)」 「Vitality Granting LV7 (1 up)」 「Vitality Attack LV3 (new)」 「Dragon Power LV9 (1 up)」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV8 (1 up)」 「Corrosion Attack LV5」 「Heresy Attack LV7 (1 up)」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV9 (1 up)」 「Thread Genius LV2 (1 up)」 「Universal Thread LV7」 「Thread Manipulation LV10」 「Telekinesis LV4 (1 up)」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV5 (1 up)」 「Space Maneuver LV9」 「Concentration LV10」 「Super Thought Acceleration LV2 (1 up)」 「Future Vision LV2 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV8」 「High-speed Calculation LV8 (1 up)」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV1 (new)」 「Stealth LV10」 「Camouflage LV4 (1 up)」 「Silent LV9」 「Tyrant LV3 (1 up)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Degeneration」 「Immortality」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Wind Magic LV7 (6 up)」 「Soil Magic LV7 (5 up)」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10」 「Darkness Magic LV6 (1 up)」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Space Magic LV10」 「Dimension Magic LV6 (1 up)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Anger LV5 (1 up)」 「Satiation LV8」 「Sloth」 「Wisdom」 「Destruction Resistance LV7 (1 up)」 「Blunt Resistance LV8 (1 up)」 「Slash Resistance LV8 (1 up)」 「Pierce Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Shock Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Flame Resistance LV3」 「Wind Resistance LV4 (new)」 「Soil Resistance LV5 (4 up)」 「Dark Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Great Heavy Resistance LV3 (1 up)」 「Abnormal Condition Nullity」 「Acid Resistance LV8 (1 up)」 「Corrosion Resistance LV8」 「Faint Resistance LV7 (1 up)」 「Great Fear Resistance LV1」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Great Pain Alleviation LV6 (1 up)」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV9 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Grudge LV7」 「Evil Eye of Stasis LV6」 「Evil Eye of Magnetism LV4 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Extinction LV4」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV3 (1 up)」 「Perception Range Expansion LV7 (1 up)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV7」 「Divine Magic」 「Destiny LV4 (1 up)」 「Body Flicker LV9 (1 up)」 「Durability LV9 (1 up)」 「Fortitude LV3」 「Fortress LV3」 「Idaten LV8 (1 up)」 「Taboo LV10」「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：４９００

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer」 「Fear Bringer」 「Dragon Killer」 「Ruler of Sloth」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」 「Conqueror」 「Human Killer (new)」』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

156 It's the sea!

I view the sunrise from the top of the mountain.

So, it's a story by all means.

Although I thought that I will be impressed, there's no such feelings.

As expected, a person will be impressed by such thing like viewing the sunrise because it's tasted together with the sense of accomplishment for climbing a high mountain.

I have climbed thus mountain with a casual feeling, and in the first place, this mountain is not so high.

Leaving aside the sunrise, a certain thing can be seen from the top of the mountain.

It's the sea.

The beach of the feeling that's perfect for a summer vacation.

The lapping waves.

The sun that shines brightly.

The Sea.

Speaking of the sea, the ground of the love story of the man and woman.

Although I thought that "Riajuu die" in my previous life, there are no such flippant people in this world's beach.

A private beach monopoly.

There's no other choice but to go.

Thus, I start to descend the mountain and head towards the sea.

The monsters run away and hide desperately probably because of the master of the mountain, the Wind Drake was defeated disappointingly and they became frightened by the Intimidation that I released.

Well, to be frank, because the monsters here don't give much experience points even if I hunt every single one, it's not that I'm reluctant to overlook them though.

My stomach is not so empty.

Although they are more delicious than the monsters in the labyrinth, I feel that it's fine to overlook them if I think that the seafood is waiting in the future.

That's why, I descend the mountain without any interference.

I secure a little fruits on the way and took some time, but I arrived at the sea in about one hour.

I go to the beach.

The wave beats my feet.

Cold.

Ah.

The current temperature is not so high.

Seasonally, is it spring or autumn?

It's not summer.

Because of that, the water temperature of the sea is low.

It seems to be hard to swim for a human.

However.

I am the body that has already resigned as a human.

There's no need to be afraid of cold now.

Thus, Let's Go.

Splash splash.

Hmm?

Un.

I won't sink.

What's with the buoyancy of my body?

I can sink by taking advantage of power for an instant.

But, I will return to the surface of the water immediately.

I can float on the surface of the water without doing anything.

And, if I do nothing, I will be wash away by the wave and return to the beach.

Crap.

Can't the spider body swim?

This is unexpected.

I didn't think that I won't sink.

Although I was not good at swimming in my previous life, I did sink.

I never thought that it will become a feeling like a float is always attached to me.

Like this, I can't dive and harvest shellfish.

Will I become able to sink if I acquire the "Swim" skill?

No, but it seems that it will take a long time to acquire that skill.

Although the Fire Resistance was the same as well, a considerably high amount of skill proficiency is needed to acquire the skills that the species is weak in.

By the way, how many points do I need to acquire the "Swim" skill?

I try to look for it by the search of "Wisdom".

Oh.

1000 points is needed to acquire "Swim".

Expensive.

This, I should give up.

I return to the beach while being slightly shocked by the fact that I can't swim.

No, it's not that I can't swim, you know?

It's only that I can't dive.

Because I can float, I can just swim like that, you know?

I'm never a hammer.

Never.

Haa.

It can't be helped.

Let's fish with "Universal Thread".

I take out a little of the meat of the monster that was stored in the Space Storage.

I attach it to the tip of the thread.

Even if there's no hook, it's convenient that it sticks.

I just hurl the thread far away.

If it's a genuine angler, the person will bend the pole and hurl it far away, but in my case, I can easy hurl the thread far away easily with "Thread Manipulation".

I confirm that the thread flew far away from the beach, and I waited for the catch to make a hit.

It hits without an interval to wait.

Oh?

It's considerably powerful.

Fufufu.

However, my physical strength is already the Dragon class.

There's no way that I will fall behind a common monster.

I pull steadily.

If it's my "Universal Thread", there's no need to worry that it will be discovered or cut.

If I'm not mistaken, a monster that got caught in the needle once escape from the needle can be said as it's discovered, right?

Because the viscosity of my "Universal Thread" is effect more than stabbing with the needle, there's no problem.

If it's not burnt by the fire, even the Dragon species can't escape easily.

The sign of fish that appeared in the shallows jumps.

The opponent that continues useless resistance is launched quickly to the beach.

It was a shark that was caught.

Accurately, it was a Water Drake that has the appearance of the shark.

Because the level of the "Water Drake" skill is 7, it's pretty much a high rank Water Drake.

It's high rank Drake that's close to the medium rank.

I give the decisive blow on the shark that still tries to resist on the beach quickly.

Although it's different from the fish that I assumed a little, the shark is still a fish.

Although I have not heard of a shark sashimi, is it delicious?

Time to taste it.

The skin is hard!?

I mean, when I thought that the skin was a normal skin, it has the "Dragon Scale" skill.

It's scale.

That's why, it's hard.

Because the skin doesn't seem to be able to eat, let's peel it off.

Yosh.

Time to taste it again.

Itadakimasu.

Oh, ah, un.

Delicious delicious.

Although it's not to the extent that I'm impressed, it's delicious.

I come to want soy sauce.

Come to think of it, the shark fin is a high-quality ingredient, right?

If I'm not mistaken, isn't it the part of the tail?

Ah.

Certainly, it has a different taste from the part of the body.

It's delicious.

In my opinion, I think that I'm not suitable for a food report.

I can only say that it's delicious or bad.

Although I retorted in the comment of the announcer when I see it on the television saying that "like that, it won't be transmitted", when thinking it now, the announcer is quite serious.

Fuu.

Thank you for the meal.

Umu.

Fishing is good.

Let's catch more seafood steadily.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

157 Sea fishing

I throw a thread.

And, fish.

I throw a thread.

And, fish.

What's with this sea?

This is not a big catch.

Besides, all are Water Drakes.

Although there are all sorts of it in level, the pseudo fishes that are caught always have the "Water Drake" skill.

As for the monster of the sea of this world, is the "Water Drake" skill a default equipment?

The sea is amazing.

It's the paradise of the Drake.

No no.

That's definitely no.

What's with that unpleasant paradise.

If it's a dangerous sea where there's an enormous number of such Drakes, isn't it hard to set sail to catch fish?

Even the crabbing is said to be risky in my previous life world, but isn't the degree of difficulty of fishery in this world is high?

Possibly, aren't the people concerned with fishery are chosen elite group?

The men of the sea who are more stronger than the recent knight class fight desperately against the Drake.

Half-naked muscular men jump into the sea with a harpoon in one hand bravely.

Crap, that's a little cool.

Let's look for a fishing village when I'm done fishing.

There might be a nice half-naked old man.

I throw a thread.

As expected, the hooked rate worsened because they are cautious by the result of me who keep catching them.

After all, it's not a fish.

It's a clear monster.

There's wisdom to that extent.

I take it easy while dropping the thread.

Although it's amusing that it's a big catch, relaxing like this is not so bad either.

I think about the future while dropping the thread.

It's decided to look for a fishing village.

The problem is after that.

What should I do after I found the fishing village?

Assuming that ogling at the men of the sea is decided, I wonder what should I do after that.

At present, I don't have the intention to advance and ruin humanity.

Leaving aside culling them to some extent, I think that slaughtering ordinary villager is different.

As expected, I think that I won't scorn of my actions after I fight with warriors or soldiers that have the resolution to die.

Such people are trained to fight, so the experience points should be good.

Then, is it the best to take on the subjugation unit that aims at me that will be dispatched someday?

Ah, but I wonder how.

I have gone out like this, and I have destroyed a fort, so how will the subjugation unit moves?

It's better if I wait for the attack in the labyrinth, but now that I have destroyed a fort, there should be information about me came out of the labyrinth.

Then, won't the search party be formed earlier than the subjugation unit?

But, even if things are done leisurely, well.

Rather, should I go to a big town and act violently there?

If it's a big town, there will surely be a proper armed group.

Ah, but what if the armed group is stronger than I expected?

Hmm.

Oh, well.

The present me can't be defeated with just a blow, and if the opponent is too strong, I can just escape with Transfer.

For the time being, I will go on a tour of the world aimlessly.

Rather than thinking about massacre, that seems to be me.

Well, there's the awareness that I'm doing something unusual.

To get involved in this world to the extent that I turn down Gyurigyuri's warning, no matter how I think, this is not my character.

But, I just don't like it.

Un.

I don't like it.

Even if I don't do anything like this, this world will surely give an answer in this world.

And, according to the answer, the world will be ruined, so it's not other people's affairs.

Even if I say that, that is a matter for the future.

From the feelings encountering with Gyurigyuri, that person doesn't want the world to ruined.

Although I think that it's fine to abandon such a world, he's a good-natured person.

Well, it's not abandoning, but it can't be abandoned.

It's a hardship.

No matter how you fall, only misfortune will visit Gyurigyuri.

Among the two choices, even if either is chosen, it's hell.

In other words, Gyurigyuri has already been checkmated.

Die with his beloved woman, or betray the woman to save her.

Gyurigyuri has the intention of dying together at present.

But, I don't like that.

Therefore, I obstruct him.

You should do what you want to do.

I act with the reason of I don't like myself.

This feeling is my will that's not influenced by anyone without lie.

I'm sure that D wished for me to advance on my own will.

Then, I will do it.

When I'm thinking seriously, the thread is pulled.

It's here!

Kuo!?

T-This power, it's not equal to the ones before!?

It's the big-shot today.

However, it's not equal to me!

Pull.

The prey caught jumped greatly at a distance.

It was a Water Dragon.

Release!

Impossible!?

Something like catching a Water Dragon by fishing is impossible.

No, I only have caught Water Drakes so far.

I mean, the Water Dragon just now, don't it has the pride as the Dragon?

Why is it fished?

Ah, I was surprised.

I have released it unintentionally.

But, it might be better to not defeat the Dragons anymore.

I don't want to fight against Gyurigyuri if I defeat it unskillfully.

Or rather, really, what's with this sea?

I guess I should try examine it.

Well, the Skill Search of the Ruler authority.

The target skill is "Water Dragon", search start.

The Skill Search of the Ruler authority is a convenient function that can search for the whereabouts of the guy who has the targeted skill.

Because it accesses the system, there's no consumption of the MP or the divinity area.

Well, but it becomes impossible to use for a while after it's used once.

In addition, because the searched result is vague thing that shows "over there", the usability is not good.

Because I link the map function of "Wisdom" and the result, it's considerably easy to use.

And, the searched result, what's this?

Within the range of the sea that can be seen, there's a lot of Water Dragons.

It was seriously a Dragon paradise.

Nai wa.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

158 When I thought that it was a fishing village, it was a farm village

I walk on the beach looking for a fishing village.

Fishing?

Like I can fish in such a dangerous sea!

No, well.

What's with the sea where the Water Dragons can be fished?

Well, because the Water Dragon caught a while ago was a low rank Dragon with a low level, it's possible to win, but if I beat it badly, the Water Dragons seem to surge in great numbers.

I even avoid the Earth Dragon trio, so the large crowd of Water Dragons is not a joke.

This sea is more frightening than the labyrinth.

My belly is filled with the fished Water Drakes, so I withdraw the fishing and search for a fishing village now.

The village where there are men who fight against the Water Dragon.

Surely, there must be a wonderful old man.

Muha!

Wait for me, Nice Guy.

I'm coming to ogle at you!

Although it's good that I'm enthusiastic about it, there's nothing that looks like a village.

After all, I moved along the beach for a day, but it became dark without finding anything.

Hmm.

I don't want to sleep at the beach.

It smells of the sea.

There's the Water Dragon too.

Here, I think that I should return to the labyrinth after a long time.

Thus, I returned to the labyrinth after a long time with Transfer.

Umu.

There are no changes.

Although I understand it when returning like this, this labyrinth has a really comfortable air flowing inside.

Although the outside is slightly cold, here is neither hot nor cold.

Because there are no other monsters anymore, there's no sound.

Although the smell is slightly bloody, I'm not bothered by it.

Because there's no sunlight, I don't need to be bothered by the ultraviolet rays.

Because of the "Perception Area Expansion" skill which is the higher rank skill of "Visible Range Expansion", I'm bothered by excessive things like the ultraviolet rays when I go outside.

Because it can't be helped even if I mind it too much, I turned off the skill usually.

I slept well overnight in the comfortable space.

It's the morning.

Probably.

The only inconvenience in the labyrinth is that I don't know whether it's morning or night.

Well then, let's look for a fishing village continuing from yesterday.

I come to the place where I came yesterday with Transfer.

It's no use even if I walk along the beach like this, so I use the "Space Maneuver" a little to rise up to the sky, and look around with "Clairvoyance".

As far as I can see, only the sea and the mountain.

Oh, village discovered!

But, it's a little far from the sea.

That doesn't seem to be a fishing village.

Ships are not found either.

Rather, isn't it a farm village?

It looks like a part of the mountain is used to grow plants.

Um.

What about the men of the sea?

Even though I looked forward to it, what are you going to do with this discouraged spider heart?

Oh, well.

For the time being, let's aim at that village.

I arrive near the village while encountering a huge crab on the way.

As expected, because it's impossible to enter like this, I go around the mountain and observe the state in the village.

Hmm.

Humans live like this, huh?

If I think about it, this is the first time for me to see human living.

A slightly fresh feeling.

The building of the village is made of wood.

Although the style is like a log cabin, it's a raised-floor-style.

Is it the tsunami measures?

There's no store-like thing.

This has the atmosphere of a remote village.

The people living there are Caucasian.

Well, it's a race close to the Caucasian in the Earth.

Besides, they are a little tanned to say as Caucasian.

The color of the hair is generally light brown.

Although it's a fantasy world, there's no one who has the showy color like red or blue.

Because all of the recent knights wore helmets, I don't know that part.

Only by appraising, there's no one strong.

Even the man who thought to be the strongest man in the village is less than 100 in status.

He stayed alive with such weakness well.

Well, I'm even weaker before.

But, leaving aside the status is low, how about it when there are no decent skills?

If it's a human, there should be knowledge to some extent, so isn't it strange that skills are not trained?

I guess it's not strange to that extent.

Skills are not needed if it's only to live in a remote village normally.

Although necessary skills are acquired, is it good if at least not dying?

In addition, if they have the time to train the skills, then work.

When it's a poor village in the Earth, children are even made to work.

A hard life.

Hmm?

The villagers start to be restless.

Don't tell me that they noticed me?

It's strange.

"Tyrant" is turned off, and I should be difficult to be found because of "Stealth" and "Camouflage".

There's no one who's excellent in perception, so I shouldn't be found.

Well, although there's no way that I'm found, something might have happened.

It's troublesome if I'm found, so let's hide.

Incidentally, hunt monsters to fill my belly.

It's the night.

Everyone falls asleep.

What am I doing?

Stealing.

Fufufu.

I got the delicious things of this village.

Specifically, the fruits cultivated here.

As expected, the degree of difficulty to sneak into a private house and swipe the seasoning is high.

I sneak into the farm like this at midnight and hunt for fruits.

Crime?

I'm a monster after all.

I'm not concerned with human law.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Snatch LV1』》

Yes.

The proof of the crime was carved here.

I'm sorry.

Ah.

What's this?

It becomes easier to steal things?

It's a skill with a strange effect.

It might be useful for a thief.

In the first place, I won't steal such things.

Eh?

The present situation?

It can't be helped because it's for sweet things.

I steal the fruits of the farm only a little so that it's not known, and I fled.

Villager 「Somehow, I have a terrible chill」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

159 Sneak thief ＞ Bandits

I'm moving at the side of the highway that extends from the village stealthily.

No, if I walk on the highway grandly, I will be found.

Prevent unnecessary troubles.

This is the adult's secret of success in life.

Then, don't be a sneak thief?

This and that are different.

And, this highway looks like it turns around the mountain and leads to the inland.

If I advance along this highway, I should see the next town.

If it's a big town to some extent, I can see the state and act violently.

Well, it's only seeing the state, and if I think that it's fine to act violently here.

At present, nobody passes the highway.

Well, if it's that remote farm village surrounded by the mountain and the sea, even the peddlers will not come here often.

Rather, isn't this the road for the villagers to go the town to deliver the crops, and to buy things?

There's no one who will go to that village specially.

I feel admired that the highway is not covered completely with grass.

I pass through the mountain zone and reach the plain.

Even if I say that it's a plain, there's quite a lot of trees, and it's like a half forest.

In this case, I can move while concealing my figure.

I advance without change.

The road joins other roads several times on the way, and the size of the highway gradually grows.

At first, it was a small road that's like an animal trail, but there's a width now, and it becomes the road that the ground was hardened.

If I see properly, there's the trace of the wheel.

Is it the trace of a carriage or something passed?

Though it can't be limited that it's the horse that pulls it.

A carriage, huh?

After all, it's that.

The science is not develop to that extent.

I imagined it when the knights appeared though.

The life in the village was also considerably primitive.

Is this the fantasy world of the Middle Ages in Europe that's often the case?

This looks like D's hobby.

Well, although it's not that much, it seems to be better to think that science and technology are not developed in this world.

Because the world is remade once, it's obvious.

Ah, I discover the carriage in front.

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Somehow, it's busy?

That.

Bandits.

They are being attacked.

The people who look like the guards are fighting with the bandit-like people.

There are 4 guards, while there are 6 bandits.

Hmm.

If only by appraising them, either is almost the same strength, and in this case, the bandits are more advantageous with more people.

I mean, all of the bandits have the "Snatch" skill.

So, this was seriously a bandit skill.

Ah, one of the guards was defeated.

What should I do?

Intruding is troublesome.

Having said that, I don't have the reason to overlook.

Even if I kill the bandits, it's a waste to leave excellent things.

But, then, won't that means that I saved that carriage along the way?

How troublesome.

Why must I do such an act of kindness.

Besides, even if I save them, I'm a monster.

There's a possibility that blades will be pointed at me by the other party that I saved, right?

Well, in that case, I won't show any mercy, but what's with that even though I saved them.

Rather, I should kill the bandits after the people in that carriage are annihilated.

Isn't it a good idea?

Then, there's no survivor, and there's no eyewitness information of me.

There's no future trouble too. I'm happy, and the remaining is unhappy.

Isn't it exhilarating that I can take everything?

No, huh?

Haa.

It can't be helped.

Although I don't have the intention, I will save them.

I move quickly.

Because the bandits are concentrated in the combat with the guards. they don't notice my existence.

It's convenient.

Probably, the slightly large man who's at the center is the bandits' leader.

Because the status is the highest, it's probably the leader.

I go around to his back, and pierce my sickle to the defenseless back.

The sickle pierces the body of the bandit disappointingly and skewers the heart.

Ah, the death is decided at this point in time because the Deadly Poison is certainly set.

I pull out my sickle, and the bandit that lost his support falls.

I swing my sickle sideways to the bandits on the left and right who can't understand the situation and are dumbfounded.

Split in two.

With this, it's half.

I fire "Soil Magic" through the head of one of the bandits.

It looks like my aptitude of the soil is also high.

The growth is better than the "Wind Magic" that was learned almost at the same period.

Remaining two people.

The man who tries to run away.

But, too bad.

Your body has already been restricted with threads.

I activate the Evil Eye to the two bandits who were not able to move.

All of the HP, MP and SP are absorbed, and the bandits die.

Cleaning completed.

With this, if I'm a Prince-sama or a Knight-sama, the girl inside the carriage will say 「Are you hurt?」, and I say something like 「I happen to be present on the site being attacked by the bandits unexpectedly in the middle of my travel」, and the flag is constructed.

Ah, no no.

Popular man is always this.

Ah.

Let's make escapism to this much.

I defeated the bandits.

I saved the carriage.

The guards' swords point at me.

Here and now.

Oh, well.

I understood it.

I knew it.

Rather, it might be better that they didn't attack me immediately.

It's not that they are scared of me to the extent that they can't attack me.

Surely they are doubtful that I saved them, and I'm sure that it's the conscience that attacking the monster suddenly is somehow.

Although I will say it once again, it's not that they are scared of me to the extent that they can't attack me.

I said no, then it's no.

Un?

If I see properly, the guard that got defeated first is still alive.

Ah, now that I have come this far, I will save you to the end.

I go near the person who's on the ground..

Even though I only move a little, the other guards back off exaggeratedly.

... It's a defeat if I mind it.

I activate "Treatment Magic".

Un.

With this, he won't die.

Not only the guards, but the lady who watched the outside state from the carriage timidly is also surprised.

If a monster saved you from the bandits and even apply "Treatment Magic", of course it's surprising.

Fuu.

There's no more business anymore.

As expected, recovering the bandits' corpses in this condition feels awkward, the spider will leave coolly.

And, the lady in the carriage gets off in a hurry.

The guards are saying something to stop her.

But, such thing doesn't matter.

My eyes were nailed on the person held in the lady's arm.

『Human　Vampire　LV1　Name　SophiaNegishi KerenAkiko

Status

ＨＰ：１１／１１（Green）（Details）

ＭＰ：３５／３５（Blue）（Details）

ＳＰ：１２／１２（Yellow）（Details）

：１２／１２（Red）（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：９（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：８（Details）

Average Magic Ability：３２（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：３３（Details）

Average Speed Ability：８（Details）

Skill

「Vampire LV1」 「Immortal Body LV1」 「Automatic HP Recovery LV1」 「Magic Perception LV3」 「Magic Manipulation LV3」 「Night Vision LV1」 「Enhanced Five Senses LV1」 「n％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：７５０００

Title

「Vampire」 「True Ancestor」』

The baby who was held by the lady.

There's too many parts to be retorted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

160 Vampire Princess

What's this person?

Because it's an important thing, I will say it one more time.

What's this person?

Um?

I don't know where to retort because there's too many parts to be retorted.

Yosh, I will retort in turns.

First of all, what's with that name?

Why there are two names?

No, well, the Sofia is probably the name in this world, and the Negishi Akiko is the name in the previous life.

Negishi Akiko, was there such a person?

She might be there. or maybe not.

She might be there.

Just not in my memory.

In the first place, I don't remember more than half of my classmates' face and name.

I mean, when the person who has a previous life is appraised, the name of the previous life is displayed.

Huh?

Then, what about my "no name"?

Is it a defeat if I think deeply?

Well, I understood that this baby is my classmate of the previous life.

She has the 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」 skill too, so it's certain.

But, what's with the Vampire?

Moreover, the race displays both Human and Vampire.

What does this mean?

For the time being, I will appraise the Vampire race.

『Vampire： The night ruler who sucks the blood of others. A race that has high ability, but it also has a lot of weak points. Originally, it's mostly other races, and the prime field of the characteristic of the race is succeeded. In addition, the pure-blooded that's born as a Vampire is called the True Ancestor』

Ah.

Well, is it roughly the same as the vampire in the Earth?

Because D supervise it, it's probably the same.

Then, the next is the "Vampire" skill.

『Vampire：The special skill that Vampire possesses. The ability values rise by taking blood. In addition, the special effect is demonstrated according to the level. LV1：Blight Blood』

『Blight Blood：If blood is not taken, the person will be weakened』

It's a negative effect at the very beginning.

Vampire is inconvenient.

Un?

But, this child is not weakened, right?

Does it means that she drank blood?

Never.

The mother's milk is said to be made from blood, so isn't it a substitute of the blood?

How about the title?

『Vampire：Acquisition skill 「Automatic HP Recovery LV1」 「Night Vision LV1」：Acquisition condition：Acquisition of the 「Vampire」 skill：Effect：The Vampire is added in the race：Explanation：The title presented to those who became a Vampire』

『True Ancestor：Acquisition skill 「Immortal Body LV1」 「Enhanced Five Senses LV1」：Acquisition condition：Inborn Vampire：Effect：Nullifies the Vampire's negative effects：Explanation：The title presented to those who are the Vampire ancestor』

Ah, the True Ancestor is amazing.

Getting rid of the weak points of the Vampire, it's a cheat.

That explains why she can remain calm while the sunlight shines down brightly.

The mystery of the Blight Blood a while ago was able to be solved with this.

Besides, it even comes with an rare skill called "Immortal Body".

『Immortal Body：All of the attribute resistances except the fire, light, and corrosion rise. In addition, you can survive with HP 1 only once a day no matter what kind of attack is received 』

An outrageous resistance function is added.

It's a cheat.

What's this person?

In addition, what's with that enormous amount of skill points?

Isn't it impossible?

It wins the points that I accumulated steadily so far by a wide margin.

What is this?

It's a cheat.

What's this person?

I mean, no matter how I think, this is D's foolish act that the person born as a Vampire, right?

She said that she distributed the reincarnation privilege suitably.

As for this person, the "Vampire" skill was presented as the privilege.

Why did she have to give such a land mine skill?

Is she stupid?

She might be stupid.

When I stare quietly, the Vampire child also stared at me.

The spider that stares at the baby.

The guards who watch it breathlessly.

The lady who speaks to me about something.

Ah, Madam, because I don't understand the language, it's useless.

It's indeed a surreal spectacle.

I mean, judging from situation, this lady is the mother of the Vampire child, right?

Appraisal.

Hmm?

Did she step back at the moment I appraise her?

Oh, well.

Ah, her name is Seras Keren.

Un.

It's the same family name, so it looks like she is the mother of the Vampire child.

But, this person is a normal Human.

Although her status is slightly higher than normal people, her level is low and she don't have any combat skills, so she's a commoner.

However, no matter how I look at her, she's a noble because she hire guards, she is well dressed, and above all, she gets on a luxurious carriage.

A Vampire is born in the noble's house.

Uwa.

It only smells of troubles.

Fortunately, it looks like the fact that this child is a Vampire is not known yet, but it will be known sooner or later.

What will happen at that time?

Troublesome.

I don't want to be concerned with this.

Good friendship of former classmate?

There's no way that there's such a thing.

Like I will take care of a total stranger's that neither the face nor the name are remembered.

Thus, I run away.

I didn't see anything.

Ah, I will at least mark them just in case.

Then, farewell.

Although the lady Seras shouted something, I don't know.

If you want to stop me, master Japanese.

Then, I will think of it.

It's only think to the end.

Although I have achieved the first encounter with a person who's reincarnated accidentally, it's troublesome.

I should ignore the people who are reincarnated.

I don't have a friend either, and it's not the feeling of a comrade.

Rather, it's only a nuisance if the fellow feeling is held strangely because of that.

Un.

I will ignore if there's a person who's reincarnated.

Let's do so from now on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-24: Side 24 - The Elro Great Labyrinth capture
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kumoko's future is somewhat revealed.

I wonder when was my last break. Anyway, no chapters tomorrow.

S24 The Elro Great Labyrinth capture ①

The place that can't be known where.

Huge space.

One woman was there.

The woman leaves only a part of the upper body, and most of her body blend into the space like disappearing.

It was a very pitiful appearance.

And, words are muttered mechanically from the mouth.

『Skill proficiency reached』

『Experience points has reached a certain degree』

『Skill proficiency reached』

............

『It's painful』

I jump nimbly.

I confirm the surroundings in a hurry.

The faint lamp that lights.

The illuminated wall is the natural rock surface, and the ground also has the hardness that can be understand even from a sleeping bag.

The Elro Great Labyrinth Upper Layer.

I recall the place where I am and the situation.

That's right, we came to this Elro Great Labyrinth to cross the continent.

Today is the second day after we dive into the labyrinth.

Because now is midnight, the lookout was changed, and I was taking my sleep.

I wipe off the sweats.

What was the dream a while ago?

「Are you all right?」

Sensei looks into my face from the side.

The lookout is changed with one set of two people.

The present lookout is Sensei and Basgas-san.

It seems that she call out to me worrying after seeing that I had a nightmare and jumped.

「I'm all right. It's only because my dream was a little bad」

I laugh to deceive it.

It's actually the fact.

「That's a bad omen」

Basgas-san joins in to my words that I'm trying to elude lightly.

「Is it an omen?」

「Yeah. Do you know it? The story of the Labyrinth's Nightmare」

「No, I never heard of it」

The Basgas-san who usually has a loud voice, lowers his voice when the present state that the surroundings are sleeping.

It's like talking about ghost story, a gloomy atmosphere is brought.

「I heard it before. If I'm not mistaken, it was the word that indicate the Myth rank monster that appeared suddenly in the labyrinth more than ten years ago」

「You know it」

Myth rank monster.

It's said that those monsters are assumed to be impossible to deal by people with the Over S danger degree.

「The Nightmare is the living calamity of the Elro Great Labyrinth that's equal to the queen. To have a nightmare like this, it might be an omen of the Nightmare's appearance, you know?」

「But, if I'm not mistaken, wasn't the monster subjugated?」

「It's said so to the people」

「To the people?」

「Ah. Generally, it's said that it slaughtered an army, and in the end, it died after receiving a direct hit of the great magic without leaving any trace, but I somehow can't believe it. That monster won't die so easy. I think that it's surely alive now somewhere and it's waiting for a prey to come」

「You say it as if you have seen the real thing」

「Yeah. To tell the truth, the first discoverer of the Nightmare is me」

Basgas-san puffed up with pride for some reason.

Well, if it's said as amazing, it is amazing.

「At that time, there's an incident about the abnormal generation of monsters, and I was the guide for the dispatched knight unit to investigate the cause and to cull the monsters. The cause was because the Nightmare drove out the surrounding monsters. And, we went into the Nightmare's base nonchalantly without knowing that. I still haven't forget about that time. When my eyes meet its eyes, I felt more dead than alive」

Did Basgas-san recall that time? Basgas-san trembled suddenly.

「You returned alive well」

「About that. The Nightmare has a strange behavior. If we don't attack it, it will overlook us. And, it even cure wounds」

「Huh?」

「Unbelievable, right? After that, the formed subjugation unit seems to incurred its anger and was annihilated. And after that, when it came out of the Elro Great Labyrinth, the fort is destroyed, it appears in the middle of the war and starts a massacre indiscriminately. It causes outrageous major incidents. And yet, it also help people like a whim, it's a monster that's said that the actions can't be understood」

What's with that irregular monster.

Is that really a monster?

「Well, what can be certainly said about the Nightmare is that it's terribly strong. Lad, you look like you have confidence in your skill, but I won't say that it's bad. Change your thoughts before it's too late. I can somehow grasp self-conceit from Lad's fighting appearance. Although I won't say that having confidence in fight is bad, there's a top on the top.」

I startled.

Certainly, now that it's mentioned, it's so.

After I enter the Elro Great Labyrinth, I never had a hard fight.

Although the monsters that appeared are certainly troublesome monsters if it's seen from the world in general, in my case, they are all small fries that can't defeat me.

If it's said that there was self-conceit, I can only say there is.

「I'm sorry. I will be careful from now on」

「Ah. You don't have to be careful」

Even though I apologized obediently, such thing was said.

As expected, I'm irritated with this.

「Why?」

「Lad, you're misunderstanding it fundamentally. What I'm saying is to see everything. Not only in this labyrinth. You ignored my warning when you enter the labyrinth, and appraised the Water Dragon, right?」

It was known.

Sensei looks at me.

This is bad.

I heard from Sensei that when "Appraisal" is used on the other party, the other party will feel unpleasant, and it's enough to be hostile with that alone.

In other words, the Water Dragon might have released its breath in anger because I appraised it at that time.

「Shun-kun, is that true?」

「Yes. I'm sorry」

Even if I deceive it here, it will only become more complicated.

I apologize obediently.

「It's not only the Lad's fault that the Water Dragon release its breath. The Water Dragons don't forgive the other party who invades their territory」

I'm relieved at Basgas-san's words.

Oh, it was not my fault.

「But, it doesn't change the fact that you didn't follow my warning and did a dangerous act. As a result, your comrades have experience danger. Fortunately, everyone was blown off into the cave, so it was good. However, a comrade might be left behind to fight against the Water Dragon in the sea if one step is wrong. What will you do if it becomes the situation?」

I had a feeling that I heard a sound that made my body became pale suddenly.

That's right, what if someone is left behind in that place.

If only Katia and Sensei who are left behind in front of the Water Dragon.

There's no means to survive.

And, there's no means for me who has been washed away to save them.

I don't know whether the "Kindness" skill can be used or not.

The probability that it can't be used seems to be higher.

「Do you understand? Lad, you don't have the thing called a little sense of danger. No matter what happens, it's all right for you. Such groundless confidence is transparent. I admit that Lad is strong among the Humans. I will say this on top of that. There's a top on the top. Even if it's not so, your comrades almost died just by one of your thoughtless action. Because of my line of work, I have seen a lot of people who died thoughtlessly like that. A good life that won't fall will fall just by a little carelessness and the loosening of the mind. Don't you think that there's no such ridiculous thing?」

I can't argue back.

I might have gotten conceited before I know it.

I might have too much confidence in my strength.

The lengthened nose was just broken.

By my thoughtless action, someone of my comrades is sacrificed.

I can't allow such a thing.

I slap my face with all my might to get fired up.

My HP decreased.

But, it's fine like this.

From now on, I won't be careless and self-conceited.

「Thank you for the advice」

I lower my head in the prostrating style.

Not only Basgas-san, but Sensei also seemed to be bewildered by this.

「Haan. I see. So, you will listen to an old man's nonsense seriously」

「No, thanks to that, I woke up. Certainly, it seemed that I have been naive so far. If this goes on, it will become an irreparable situation someday」

I mean, it has already become a considerably irreparable situation.

Even in such a situation, naivety still remains.

Of course I will also be said by Katia.

The recent me is slightly strange.

I just noticed it clearly.

Here is not the peaceful Japan.

I must be more conscious of it.

If I have the sense of Japan forever, I might lose something more.

I can't lose something any further.

「Hmm. You now have a face that was able to see to some extent」

「Thank you」

「And, this is a pure interest, but if Lad fights against the Water Dragon, can you win?」

I think a little to Basgas-san's question.

「I think that it's difficult」

Because it's no use even if I put on the airs, I say the honest force analysis.

「The physical offensive ability here falls remarkably if it's underwater. Having said that, the power of magic attack will be dropped by the Dragon species's peculiar magic obstruction skill. There's no way to win underwater」

「Then, if it's the land?」

「On the land, I will say that about 50%」

「I'm surprised」

Basgas-san mutters to the condition instinctively.

Sensei turns the doubtful eyes to me.

Huh?

Did I say something strange?

And, an unpleasant feeling runs on my body.

If I trace back the cause, Basgas-san grins broadly.

「I see, you're not necessarily bragging」

The one just now, "Appraisal"?

「Isn't it a breach of manners?」

「Don't be ridiculous. It's a part of the force analysis to get out of this labyrinth safely」

Isn't that "it's not what you say, but how you say it"?

This person obviously peeped my status because he was interested.

Then, I will return it.

I appraise Basgas-san.

I'm surprised at the appraisal result.

『Human　LV66　Name　Basgas

Status

ＨＰ：９３３／９３３（Green）（Details）

ＭＰ：８２９／８２９（Blue）（Details）

ＳＰ：９４９／９４９（Yellow）（Details）

：９０１／９３１（Red）（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：９０３（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：８８７（Details）

Average Magic Ability：８２１（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：８２４（Details）

Average Speed Ability：９０２（Details）

Skill

「High-speed HP Recovery LV3」 「MP Recovery Speed LV9」 「MP Consumption Down LV9」 「Magic Perception LV9」 「Magic Manipulation LV8」 「Magic Combat Act LV5」 「Magic Granting LV4」 「Offensive Magic Power LV4」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV5」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV5」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV4」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV4」 「Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Enhanced Piercing LV1」 「Great Enhanced Shock LV2」 「Enhanced Earth LV4」 「Enhanced Dark LV1」 「War God Spirit LV1」 「Vitality Granting LV10」 「Ability Granting LV1」 「Great Vitality Attack LV1」 「Earth Attack LV8」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV10」 「Taijutsu Genius LV5」 「Sword Talent LV2」 「Cooperation LV10」 「Direction LV6」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV10」 「3D-Maneuver LV9」 「Appraisal LV3」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV2」 「Foresight LV2」 「Parallel Will LV1」 「Record LV10」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV3」 「Stealth LV10」 「Concealment LV7」 「Silent LV10」 「Odorless LV10」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Heat Perception LV10」 「Motion Perception LV10」 「Soil Magic LV10」 「Earth Magic LV8」 「Light Magic LV4」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV5」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Poison Magic LV3」 「Destruction Resistance LV9」 「Blunt Resistance LV9」 「Slash Resistance LV9」 「Pierce Resistance LV9」 「Shock Resistance LV9」 「Soil Resistance LV7」 「Dark Resistance LV7」 「Paralysis Nullity」 「Deadly Poison Nullity」 「Sleep Resistance LV8」 「Great Acid Resistance LV5」 「Great Faint Resistance LV3」 「Corrosion Resistance LV3」 「Fear Resistance LV6」 「Pain Nullity」 「Pain Alleviation LV3」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Clairvoyance LV3」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV7」 「Perception Range Expansion LV10」 「Destiny LV1」 「Magic Well LV9」 「Heaven Motion LV1」 「Abundant Sky LV1」 「Fortitude LV1」 「Fortress LV1」 「Mage LV9」 「Amulet LV9」 「Idaten LV1」

Skill points：５０

Title

「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Guider」 「Medicine Technique User」 「Gross Feeder」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Rescuer」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」』

What's with this old man!?

He's stronger than Hyrinth-san!?

「A high level "Appraisal" holder, huh? It doesn't seem to be an appraisal stone」

「Do you have an appraisal stone?」

「Ah. It's an excellent level 8」

Such thing like a level 8 appraisal stone is a high-class item that's beyond the grasp of the commoner.

To have such a thing means that he's not a commoner.

The status and the appraisal stone, this person seems to be an outrageous person.

「I understood that Lad's status is high. If it's that status, the upper layer will be all right」

I receive an official guarantee from Basgas-san.

「That's if you never meet with the Remnants of the Nightmare」

However, I have an indescribable uneasiness when Basgas-san muttered the words at the end.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

161 Town

A little while after I saved the Vampire child and the mother.

I arrived at a big town on that day.

I mean, when thinking about the distance, it seems to be the town where the parent and child live.

Although the castle is not built as expected, there's a huge mansion enshrined at the center of the town.

I wonder if that mansion is the Vampire child's house.

Something like born with cheats and the family is rich.

I'm envious.

Well, it can't be helped even if I ask for the moon.

Because I can't enter the town like this, I see the state using "Clairvoyance" in the forest nearby.

It's big that it can't be compared with the recent farm village.

The population is around 30000 people.

This is the first time for me after coming to this world to see a proper town.

A lot of people.

Several days can be spent just to look at them.

But, well, let's search for the target first.

I look around the town briefly.

Oh, fruit store discovered.

No no.

I'm searching for a different thing now.

A-A confectionery!?

Oh, great!

So, even this world has proper confections.

I want to eat it.

No no.

I'm searching for a different thing now.

I search for the target while looking aside.

Found it.

Soldier post.

If it's a town with such a size, there should be soldiers for vigilance.

The problem is how many is the number of soldiers, and how strong are they.

There are nine soldier post in total.

One at each end of the east, west, south and north, and there's big one that seems to be the headquarters at the center.

The remaining four are at the midway point of the four directions' center.

Hmm.

The number is around 40 people excluding the center.

The center is around 100 people.

When I include those who are not there because of patrolling, it's around 500 people in all.

Is it a lot, or a little?

Although I don't know that part, in my opinion, they are not delicious.

The soldiers train, patrol, do document works, and various things.

When I see their training results like this, they don't look so strong, but I can't say anything about them unless I appraise them.

It would be good if "Clairvoyance" can be used with Appraisal.

And, there are armed people other than the soldiers here and there.

They look like the adventurers at a glance.

And, such people are mostly in the same building.

It's the building that's big next to the the mansion at the center of the town.

Is this the adventurer guild that's essential in the fantasy world?

Certainly not.

No matter how I look at it, it's not a template organization to that extent.

No, right?

But, when I look into the building where the adventurers enter, half of the first floor is a bar, and the remaining half is like the counter.

It's the atmosphere like the town hall.

The adventurers line up there, and discuss about something.

There's a big board where innumerable papers are put up in the wall.

The second floor and the third floor are like the working place of the company.

Ah.

Un.

This is the adventurer guild.

Seriously.

The adventurer guild really exists.

This world is really a fantasy.

It's that.

The adventurers accept the request, and fight against the monsters, right?

At first, they start from the medical plants harvesting, exterminate the goblins that appeared in village A, and eventually, they will fight against strong monsters.

No, well, I don't know whether there's a goblin or not in this world.

It seems to exist.

After all, it's D's supervision.

And so, when they became famous adventurers, they can go for a Drake extermination.

Oh, isn't that the legendary Drake Killer adventurer!

Like that.

Ah, that's good.

But, too bad.

I'm at the extermination side.

I wonder will a extermination quest be generated if I become famous.

Or, it might have already generated.

I slaughtered the knights in the labyrinth, and destroyed the fort at the entrance of the labyrinth.

Un.

It's not strange even if a subjugation request is listed.

Huh?

Isn't that convenient?

That means that the adventurers who have excellent skills will come to defeat me, right?

If it's the guys who want to kill me, it's fine even if I attack them back.

I as the bait to lure the adventurers easily.

Isn't it a good idea?

Then, shouldn't I settle down in a place somewhere?

Umumu.

Construct My Home in a place that stands out.

Attack the adventurers there.

It might be good.

I mean, isn't it fine here?

The town is near.

There are adventurers.

There are also soldiers.

Incidentally, because the Vampire child is probably there, I can do the follow-ups when something happened.

Ah.

After all, I'm concerned about the Vampire child, huh?

Hmm.

However, I hate troublesome things.

Although I hate it, abandoning her when I'm near when something happened is also.

Hmm.

Oh, well.

That time is that time.

First of all, I will make My Home here.

I will go with the course to change my residence when I found a better location while watching the state for a while.

Ah, I wonder if I can secure food around here.

Because there's a lot of people living in there, doesn't that means that there's not much monsters around here?

That means there's no food.

Ah.

I guess I have no choice but to go to a suitable place, and catch it.

Although the insufficient things or the future things are uncertain variously, let nature take its course.

Well then, let's make the home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

162 Dear Sir or Madam, I moved

My Home completed!

The My Home this time is the desire product that wrapped up the whole forest.

I covered all the forest of around 100 meters in diameter with threads, and remodeled it into My Home.

If it's seen from a distance, it might look like a huge white cocoon.

Although this was made in one evening, how's the reaction of the people in the town?

As expected, if I make a nest of this scale, it should stand out.

I see the state with "Clairvoyance".

Hmm?

Hmmm?

Hmm.

I don't understand.

They haven't noticed yet?

But, it will be noticed soon, so standby until then.

Fuu.

Because I made such a large-scale nest after a long time, my SP has decreased considerably.

I take out the food stored in the Space Storage and eat.

Yummy.

I think that I should make here as the base, and the one in the Elro Great Labyrinth as a disposal.

Because it can still be used there, it's like a villa rather than disposal.

If anything happens, I will escape there.

Scary people will chase me, so it's better to make many bases.

For the time being, I will watch the state of the town while spending my time leisurely.

No one comes.

Why?

I understand that there's a slight uproar in the town.

The hurried figure of the soldiers and the adventurers are seen.

But, although they are hurrying, it's not the atmosphere that they will sortie.

It looks like they are trying to enhance the monitoring system to wait-and-see.

Why?

If such a dangerous monster settles down close to the town, it's obvious to think that it must be killed immediately, right?

Why are they doing things slowly?

Did they become a peace-loving idiot?

Ah, or if it's not that, did the yesterday's mother of the Vampire child say something strange?

Was it lady Seras?

That person and the Vampire child arrived at the town around the yesterday evening.

And, they entered the biggest mansion as expected.

The servants lowered their head, so it seems to be the residents of that mansion after all.

That means she's the wife of the powerful man in this town.

Wife of a powerful man, high influential voice, saved by the impulse yesterday, I'm a spider, a cobweb appears obviously.

Ah, ha.

It's a association game.

I can somehow see the outcome.

She spoke eagerly when I leave yesterday, so there's a possibility that she said something to her husband to persuade him so that I won't be subjugated.

It seems possible.

No.

It's still not decided that it will be like that.

I'm sure that now is just at the wait-and-see stage.

It's the one called the preparation period.

If I wait a little longer, I'm sure that the soldiers or the adventurers will come one after another.

If that happens, Welcome.

I will be exhilarated with the experience points.

It will happen, right?

Three days passed.

As usual, there's no movement in the town.

Why?

The number of soldiers increased in the nearest station to my nest, and the adventurers also come to see the state sometimes.

But, that's all.

The soldiers don't take any further actions than watching, and the adventurers also come close to some extent and withdraw.

Why they have to withdraw there!?

Because it can't be helped, I attacked the bandits nearby and annihilated them.

Because there are bandits who attack wives and children here, it looks like the public order is not so good.

There are some a little distant from the town.

I look for such bandits with Detection, and raid the hideout.

They were delicious.

In experience points and my belly.

However, the taste was bad.

They are smelly.

Although the guy who has the "Odorless" skill was still better, the taste is still bad.

Although the knights who I ate before should have been delicious, it seems that the human taste changes considerably according to the individual.

Well, if it's me who got used to eating poison, I can endure the smell to some extent.

While I defeated the bandits, levels rose, and my skill points became 5000.

With this, I can acquire a broken skill again!

Even though I get worked up, the necessary skill points increased for some reason.

It's strange.

Even though the "Charity" skill should be acquired by 5000 points, the number increased to 6000 points before I know it.

Was it my mistake?

By the way, the other broken skills don't seem to be within my reach.

"Lust" and "Chastity" are 10000 points.

"Wrath" is 15000, "Greed" is 20000, and "Kindness" is 11000.

The funny ones are "Envy" at 50000, and "Humility" at 100000.

Although it's not as much as "Immortality", it doesn't have the intention to let me acquire it.

Ah, I can acquire a part if I have the Vampire child's skill points.

Well, as expected, it's tiresome to save to that extent.

Therefore, I acquired the "Demon King" skill instead because it can't be helped.

『Demon King：Every status and every kind of resistance rise』

With this, I'm joining the Demon King.

Yay.

Well, even if I have this, it's only a skill, so it has no meaning.

It's meaningless if the Demon King don't have the Demon King title.

The skill is only the slightly high ability strengthening skill.

It looks like there are guys who have this skill here and there other than the genuine Demon King.

By the way, the status rose by only 100 each.

Strange.

No, it's probably because my base status is too high. Normally, it should be a considerably amazing skill to increase the all of the status by 100.

Besides, the resistances also rise.

If it's the normal, it's a cheat skill.

The "Hero" skill that pairs up with it, might have the same effect.

From the humans' status that I have seen so far, the humans seem to be somehow weak.

The highest one that I have seen so far is the middle-aged magician who was together with the knights, but only the magic status is in 4-digits.

I have never seen a guy who have 4-digits in the status other than him.

When all status +100 comes there, of course it will change dramatically.

Among the weak humans, that alone is enough to be outstanding.

Moreover, if the skill level is raised, the status will grow more.

But, it's only to that extent.

The effect that I think to be strange becomes an outrageous effect judging from the humans.

It looks like I have become an outrageous monster before I notice it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

163 Worship me, praise me

Why did it become like this?

People praying in front of my home are reflected in my eyes.

There are also people who put an offering among them.

A lot of them are sweets.

Somehow, I'm worshiped.

It looks like I'm treated as a Land God.

Why did it become like this?

First of all, the bandit hunting was not good.

Although I have hunted most of the bandits in this vicinity, I met the adventurers at that time accidentally.

I think that they took the request of the bandit extermination.

The fact that I'm doing bandit hunting have already been seen clearly.

Thanks to that, I think that the rumor of the spider monster over there defeats the bandits has spread among the adventurers.

I have a thin thread in the town secretly.

Although this thread is thin to the extent that it can't be seen, it's strong and hard to be cut.

I pick up the sound of the town with this thread like a string telephone.

I started to think that if I listen to a lot of conversations, I might understand the language in this world.

Well, I still can't understand it at all though.

And, there was a word that's used in the conversation excessively and frequently transmitted from the thread.

It's the one that's mainly said by the adventurers and the soldiers while looking at here.

Perhaps, I think that the word indicates me.

When I hear it, somehow, after my bandit hunting was witnessed, a strange respect or rather, it looks like they started to hold a feeling like belief.

I felt that at this point in time was bad.

In addition, in the form of delivering the final blow, a certain adventurer party visited the town.

When I thought that they look familiar, it was the people who I saved when they were attacked by the snake in the labyrinth.

They heard that there's a huge cobweb near the town, and they came to me.

Although my appearance should have changed to some extent after evolving, it looks like the adventurers recognized me somehow.

After they said words like gratitude for a while, they gave me the Kurikuta fruit again that I swiped at that time.

Of course I accept it with pleasure.

It looks like the rumor spread in the town.

The adventurers sometimes come to feed me with sweet foods while I wonder if it's a test of courage.

Of course I accept it with pleasure.

The decisive one was I treated a child.

It seemed that the adventurers spread that I can use "Treatment Magic", and a mother who held an ill child came to me.

The mother who cries and implores.

Although I ignored her for a while, she keeps crying aloud the words of nuance endlessly, and I was fed up with it and I gave in.

When I appraise the child, the child was undermined by a considerably severe disease.

It's a disease that can't be cured f it's only treated normally,

In this fantasy world, of course there's no technology to cure a cancer.

The child's disease was a liver cancer.

Can a child have liver cancer?

Although I thought about that at first, I somehow guess it when I look at the child's status.

There was the Gross Feeder in the title.

They might be poor.

They might be troubled by the cost of their food, so they ate various things like poison.

Although the digestive organ is protected by the effect of the title, I think that the liver was not able to endure the accumulated poison.

The mother was also the same, her whole body is considerably worn-out.

Although there was no obligation to cure them, I cured both of them because I was free.

Because it can't be cured just by applying "Treatment Magic" normally, it's a considerably forcible method.

I made them sleep, hollow out the organs, and regenerate new organs with "Treatment Magic".

It's a method that the medical people of the Earth seem to faint if it's seen.

As expected of the fantasy world.

However, I did it with light feelings, and I regretted later.

A lot of wounded people and sick people came to me for treatment purpose from the next day.

I treated everyone because it has already come this far.

It's strange.

It's the exact opposite of the original plan.

As a result, I'm extremely worshiped.

But, this is quite good.

The offerings are all my favorite foods.

The sweet paradise that I saw in the dream was realized here.

Ah, happiness.

Judging from me, treating is my odd job.

Although I have a hard time with the serious illness people at first, it's not like I will lose something if I failed.

Although sweet offerings might stop, because I didn't assume such a thing in the first place, it will only return to the origin.

Well, because I succeeded in all of it, now I'm on a Land God boom.

Besides, I have a benefit properly.

Although it was the charity that I began little by little, when I continued it, I acquired titles.

「Rescuer」 「Medicine Technique User」 「Saint」 「Savior」 「Guardian」.

Somehow I acquired 5 titles.

『Rescuer：Acquisition skill 「Treatment Magic LV1」 「Light Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：Acquire a certain number of purgation：Effect：The effect of treatment rises：Explanation：The title presented to those who bring help』

『Medicine Technique User：Acquisition skill 「Medicine Synthesis LV1」 「Treatment Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：Use a certain amount of medicine：Effect：Enhance the effect of the medicine：Explanation：The title presented to those who use medicine』

『Saint：Acquisition skill 「Miracle Magic LV1」 「Holy Light Magic LV1」：Acquisition condition：Acquire a certain number of purgation：Effect：The effect of treatment rises greatly：Explanation：The title presented to those who bring much help』

『Savior：Acquisition skill 「Charity」 「Hero LV1」：Acquisition condition：Acquire a certain number of purgation：Effect：The elementary attainments of light attribute rise greatly：Explanation：The title presented to those who bring help widely』

『Guardian：Acquisition skill 「Impregnable LV1」 「Shield Talent LV1」：Acquisition condition：Protect many people：Effect：Each ability of defense and resistance rise：Explanation：The title presented to those who are a guardian』

Whatever I say, the Savior title is amazing.

Why is the broken skill in there?

Moreover, the Hero.

I'm a Demon King and a Hero.

It's laughable.

The 「Ruler of Charity」 came as an extra naturally.

With this, it's 6 titles.

Laughter can't stop anymore.

『Charity：n％ power capable of reaching the Gods. Gives the effect equal to the Super-speed HP Recovery LV1 to everything that's recognized to be the ally around yourself. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

『Ruler of Charity：Acquisition skill 「Miracle Magic LV10」 「Presentation」：Acquisition condition：Acquisition of 「Charity」：Effect：Every ability of MP, magic and resistance rise. A＋correction whenever Ruler-type skill proficiency gained. The Ruler class privilege is acquired：Explanation：The title presented to those who rule charity』

Ridiculous!

The "Miracle Magic" reached max level right away.

Although this is the higher rank of "Treatment Magic", it's an outrageous recovery magic that's one step before the dead resurrection.

I mean, the effect of "Charity" is also amazing.

Although it's pointless because I'm a loner, if the commander of the army has this, the immortal army can be created easily.

I mean, I'm glad that I didn't use my points for this skill.

Oh.

Compassion is not for other people's benefit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

164 The picky savior

A lot of titles.

Well, that's because I have treated a number of people to that extent.

Somehow, not only the residents in the town anymore, but it looks like people from the town in the vicinity come over after hearing the rumor of me.

But, when it become like this, should I say as expected or rather, there's even a nasty guy among them.

The guy who tells to treat him in an arrogant manner.

Ah, I don't understand the language yet.

However, I somehow understand what they want to say by the atmosphere.

Of course I don't give any treatments to the guy who has arrogant attitude.

Who will treat such an irritating guy willingly.

A treatment shop started here before I know it, and it's not like I'm treating because I like it.

The title can't be acquired anymore too, so to be frank, there's no benefit for me.

Although I have the Savior title, I'm a worldly-minded person.

If it's a guy who pays respect to me properly, well, it's fine to associate.

Because I don't have the experience of being pampered in my previous life, I don't feel bad.

Fufufu.

Praise me more and more.

But, the guy who come in contact with me equally is no thank you.

Do you understand it?

A massacre is easy depending on my feelings, you know?

Why can you talk with an arrogant attitude?

Are you an idiot?

Well, when there it's like that, I will either withdraw into my home quickly, or go to another place with Transfer.

I don't want to be concerned with them.

My anger gauge seems to accumulated just by being concerned.

I want to kill them quickly already.

But, it's hard to abandon this respect and worship state now.

Thus, this tolerant me will ignore it.

I'm very gentle.

Despite that, there's a very persistent guy among them.

The middle-aged man who still comes over incorrigibly and speaks to me arrogantly even though I continued ignoring him for a week.

To be honest, it's annoying.

Most of the guys who I ignored seem to be looked with cold eyes for some reason in the town, and on the next day, their attitude changed when they come again, but I'm troubled because there's also such a persistent guy.

Such a guy is only a powerful man or a very rich person.

While it's a great annoyance to the people in the surroundings, no one can complain.

If they say it, they don't know what will happen.

Even if they have power, money, and even violence, it's something that's insufficient judging from me.

Power?

That only has an effect on humans.

I'm a spider after all.

Money?

Is it edible?

I don't need it if it's not edible.

Violence?

Do you think that you can defeat me?

If there's not at least 100 humans of the Drake class, you can't defeat me, you know?

Today also, I ignore the raving middle-aged man, and evacuate in the home.

With the human's power, no matter how much effort you put, my present home can't be destroyed.

But, fire is not good.

If he's too persistent, he might really do it.

It will be an real nuisance to the people in the surroundings.

As long as such thing is there, I will withdraw immediately.

If there's a person who really looks forward to the treatment, treatment won't be received because of that middle-aged man.

Well, it's not something concern of me though.

The one who's to blame is not me, but the guy who irritates me.

Because I cure free of charge, I should be allowed to be this selfish.

I confirm the middle-aged man's state afterwards with "Clairvoyance".

He stamp his foot on the ground with a flushed face, and shout at his attendants to vent his anger.

Wow.

What a disgraceful adult.

Do you not understand the cold glance of the surrounding people?

Ah, no no.

I don't want to become such an adult.

I mean, can I be said as a child now?

Although I think that not even two years have passed since birth, the content is pretty much a former high school student.

I mean, how much age is an adult for a spider monster?

I don't know.

In the first place, I don't even know whether there's a life span or not.

I have the "Immortality".

I drive out the middle-aged man from my head with such feelings.

Although it's good if it's a dandy middle-aged man, I'm not interested in a dirty plump greasy middle aged-man.

Night.

Several people steal up soundlessly.

Are they trained considerably? There's neither sound nor smell.

Well, but still, they can't escape from my Detection.

They are black from head to foot.

Although it's slightly different, it has a close resemblance of a ninja.

The ninja group enters my home quickly.

They use a tool to move the thread out of the way, made a gap and entered there.

How stupid.

If such thing is done, even if you do stealth operation specially until here, the master will know the abnormality when the thread is touched.

Although these guys might be excellent, it might be their first fight with a spider.

Fight.

Yes, the ninjas intend to fight.

With this me.

Is it the middle-aged man's assassins?

The scheme to make me hear him out by beating me up?

Or, capture me and train me?

Well, it doesn't matter.

Originally, I'm not so kind like a Savior.

If they have such intention, I won't show mercy.

The ninjas who advance carefully in my home.

Eight people in total.

They don't notice my figure here.

Although I can kill them in a surprise attack quickly, I will wait for the other side to attack first.

Like that, I can insist that it's legitimate self-defense.

Thus, I show my figure magnificently.

While activating the "Tyrant" skill that's turned off usually.

Oh.

They are scared.

Hmm?

The leader-like man start to talk.

But, I don't understand the language.

I incline my neck to the side.

Although I don't know how the action was transmitted to the other party, the ninjas prepare to attack.

Four people come here.

The remaining four are preparing magic.

Oh, four people constructing one magic.

Union magic?

Was there such a way to activate magic?

It looks similar to the way that I usually use the "Parallel Will" to activate "Abyss Magic".

Well, I won't let you shoot such a thing in my house.

The four people who are preparing the magic are pierced by the spear of the soil.

Although I was tormented badly by Alaba, in case of the opponent who can use the magic of the soil group, you must think that the ground is a lethal weapon and act.

If you stop there to prepare magic, that's an easy target.

Eh?

The remaining four people who came here?

Such people have already suicide because they charge forward to the invisible Severing Thread that I spread in front of me.

Ninja shall die. (TL note: Ninja Slayer reference. The original is Ninja shall perish)

No mercy.

Just kidding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

165 It's a curse

Finish killing the ninjas, and now is the custom chewing.

This is a different taste from both the knights and the bandits.

Does a human's taste change depending on the job?

Perhaps, isn't it delicious when it's a patissier?

Well, let's leave the stupid delusion.

I must have him pay for this.

Which fool dispatched the ninjas?

It's that middle-aged man in all probability.

I wait and see the middle-aged man who stays in the town with "Clairvoyance".

Even though it's at such a midnight, the light in the room is still turned on, and he's walking around restlessly.

Did the attendant can't be indifferent? The attendant said something, and was shouted back.

Ah, if you let out such a loud voice in the middle of the night, it's a neighborhood nuisance.

However, he's obviously behaving suspiciously, so he's definitely the criminal.

He's the criminal, right?

I'm neither a great detective nor a good person.

There's also the pent-up anger so far, so even if he's no the criminal by any chance, isn't it fine?

At that time, I can just find the real criminal, and kill the person.

I manipulate an invisible thread spread in the town.

Because it's thin to the extent that it's invisible, it can enter the room easily from the gap of the window.

I wrap it around the foot of the middle-aged man gently so that it's not noticed.

Then, "Deadly Poison Attack" activate.

Normally, it's the poison attack that shows its best effect by invading into the body, but contact still has damage slightly.

The middle-aged man's status is same as the commoner, or rather it's slightly lower than that, so if it's my very powerful "Deadly Poison Attack", even the contact damage is enough.

The middle-aged man falls suddenly.

Without being defensive, a feeling like thud.

Ah, from the back of the head.

It seems painful.

Well, he will no longer feel something like pain though.

The attendant who runs up to the middle-aged man in a hurry.

The middle-aged man's body is shook desperately to wake him up.

Unfortunately, that person won't wake up anymore.

When the attendant is upset, I recover the thread that wrap around the leg.

Fufufu.

I can't help but to say that it's a perfect assassination.

I'm sure that not many people can find out that this is an assassination.

Besides, no one will think that I'm the one who did it.

It's certainly perfect.

Perfect crime completed.

It's beautiful even if I do say so myself.

Well then, the nuisance has disappeared, so let's sleep.

Because I have the "Abnormal Condition Nullity" that has the effect of Sleep Nullity, I don't need to take a sleep, but it's the problem of the feeling.

It's a happiness to sleep comfortably

Eat and sleep.

After all, a healthy mind dwells in a healthy life.

Well then, good night.

Good morning.

Umu.

Because I finished a job last night, a fresh awakening.

It seems that good things will happen today.

What happened after the middle-aged man died?

I look at the mansion in the town that the middle-aged man made as a base.

That middle-aged man used one room of the Vampire child's house in the center of the town.

Although that means he has the power to that extent, if he dies, power doesn't have a meaning.

Money, honor, and power will be lost if a person dies.

The state in the mansion looks busy.

The man who seems to be the Vampire child's father give instructions to the servants while having a tired look.

Perhaps, did this continue the whole time?

Well, a mysterious and unnatural death case happened in his mansion after all.

He woke up in the middle of the night and move around when he was on the verge of sleeping all the time.

I appreciate your efforts.

I mean, there are people who have a pale face other than the town chief who have a tired look.

It's that middle-aged man's attendants.

A splendid pale face that seems to die at any moment.

Incredible.

Human's face can become pale to that extent.

It's my first time to see such a human's face become pale like manga.

Generally, the people who confronted me become pale, but it was not to this extent.

The master dies suddenly, and is he doubted as the criminal?

It's wrong.

If it's the attendant who was in that place yesterday, it can't be helped to doubt him, but the others are not in the room, so I don't know why everyone becomes pale.

Do they think that the next one to die is themselves?

Although that seems possible, because nothing happened even one night passed, it seems to calm down soon.

Whenever the town chief talks to them, they say something while feeling scared.

Really, what have happened?

If it's merely the master died, there's no way they will become so pale.

I'm interested.

But, because I don't know the language, I don't know the details.

Mun.

It's inconvenient when I don't understand the language.

It would be better if D made a language translation function.

It's tough that what's translated is only the system.

Well, if the system is even in the language of this world, I will be checkmated, so I'm thankful there.

Although it seems that I will come to understand it someday if I make wiretapping the town as a daily routine, I don't know when is that someday.

Now I only understand a few words.

It's mainly the name of the sweets and fruits though.

With this condition, it seems to at least take years.

Ah, I wonder one year of this world is equal to how many days in Earth.

I don't even know that.

Hmm.

Can I learn language quickly?

It would be good if there's such a skill.

There's no such skill.

When thinking about such thing, the voice of heaven is heard suddenly.

『Individual, Zana Horowa has unified with individual, Queen Taratect』

What?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-25: Side 25 - The Elro Great Labyrinth capture 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S25 The Elro Great Labyrinth capture ②

The fifth day after entering the labyrinth.

We have moved half of the labyrinth.

Because it's only a small number of people and everyone's status are high, we took the shortest route at a considerably absurd pace.

Although I was worried that we will be ambushed by the empire soldiers on the way in the labyrinth, I'm told that it was impossible by Basgas-san.

The empire is evading the labyrinth, and above all, ambush in the labyrinth is inefficient and the danger is great too.

In the complex labyrinth like a maze, something like ambush can never be done because they might not know which route to pass.

That's why, only monsters can be said as an enemy in the labyrinth.

The monsters also haven't become a big wonder at present.

Although there are many kinds of monster that has poison in the Elro Great Labyrinth Upper Layer, most of our member can use "Treatment Magic".

Because many monsters have low status and even if we received poison, it can be recovered immediately. In the first place, receiving attack itself is few.

Hyrinth-san who boast of his impregnable defense as the shield at the front, and Sensei who has high magic ability at the back.

Furthermore, Katia and I who can be both a vanguard and a rearguard, Basgas-san sees the situation and move.

Although it's an impromptu team, it can be said that it turned out well.

Except one person.

「Stop for a moment. Let's take a break once soon」

Everyone who stops to my call.

Basgas-san confirms the safety in the surroundings quickly, and open the luggage to be able to take a break.

Among everyone who begins to relax, only one person, Anna who sits down while panting.

「I am sorry」

She whisper it to me with the voice that seems to vanish.

I shake my head silently, and tapped Anna's shoulder gently.

Anna is an excellent magician.

But, among the members gathered here, she looks inferior no matter what.

In addition, because her status is inclined to magic, her physical strength is low by all means.

If we don't take a break frequently like this, with Anna's stamina, she can't match our movement speed.

Because Sensei is also a slow-growing Elf, her physical status is low, but her body is strengthened by the excessive magic.

Although she has a young child appearance, she can do well in close combat.

I wonder whether this is the difference between the pure Elf and the Half Elf or Sensei is special.

Although I think that it's probably the latter, an obvious difference is shown to Anna, and she has been wreck physically and mentally.

Originally, she was cornered by the strong pressure that she's holding back everyone, and it seems to become a burden mentally.

After all, it might be a mistake to bring her along.

But, even if I leave her like that, as expected, it doesn't change that it's an anxious situation.

Either way, I think that it was not the right choice.

Then, I who acknowledged to take Anna along must watch her with responsibility.

Does everyone understands it? Nothing is said to me.

Although Basgas-san don't know the circumstances, he's a professional who guides anyone.

Even if the client's pace is slow, he won't complain.

However, only Katia seems to have some dissatisfaction.

I should talk to her indirectly later.

「Well then, now that we have reached half of the labyrinth, let's decide the route after this」

Basgas-san talks to me.

And, I decide to leave Anna for a moment.

「There are several routes after this. The dangerous shortest course, the relatively safe detour course, and the course that dangers are not known. Although it's roughly like this, which will you choose?」

「Well, the dangerous shortest route, how dangerous is it?」

「There are two kinds of paths in the Elro Great Labyrinth. The normal narrow passage like here, and the other one is called as the large passage」

Then, the word ended once, and a drink is presented to me.

I receive it gratefully.

「About the large passage, it's literally a wider passage than the normal narrow passage where we are now. Rather than a passage, it's already like a hall. And, it continues endlessly. Although I say that passing through the large passage is the shortest route, the large passage has strong monsters that can't be compared with the monsters in the normal narrow passage. It's a danger zone where there's a lot of C class monsters and sometimes even the A class monsters」

A class.

It's the threat at the level that the army is dispatched.

Generally, it's said that the limit of the monster that can be defeated by a small party is a B class monster.

Human is inferior in status compared with the monster.

In order to oppose it, skills are polished, form a group, rack the brains and cooperate.

Like that, victory can be gained against the monster that's superior in status.

But, that can only be done up to the B class.

The A class monster makes a clear distinction with the monsters before.

First of all, it has high status, and it even becomes excellent in skills.

It's equaled in the skill that's the human advantage.

Among them, there are also individuals that have the special skill peculiar to the monsters, and such species is generally troublesome.

The representative example of the A class is the high rank Drake.

Although the Light Drake enslaved by me is barely at this rank, that guy has become strong to approach me who's the master.

If this continues, I might be surpassed.

「Then, how much is the difference in days between the safe detour course and the shortest course?」

「Well, when thinking about the pace so far, it's four days」

It's unexpectedly a lot.

It seems to be a considerable detour.

「How about the last course?」

「Ah, There」

Basgas-san hesitates to say for some reason.

When I'm waiting for the continuation, he scratched his head and opened his mouth.

「To be frank, it's the course that I don't want to go」

「That's too frank. Is there a reason?」

「It's the Nightmare」

「What?」

「That place is the area where the Nightmare made as its territory in the old days. That's why, guides don't want to approach the course there. Especially me who meet it directly. If possible, it's my real intention that I don't want to approach it」

The Nightmare.

The Myth rank monster that was mentioned the other day.

But, it shouldn't be there anymore, right?

「By the way, is that course fast?」

「It's a little slower than the shortest route. The shortest route should be slightly faster. The difference should be around one day」

The dangerous shortest course, the safe but a considerable detour course, and the unknown course.

「The Nightmare is not there anymore, right?」

「Ah, the main body of the Nightmare is not there」

「Main body?」

I inclined my neck to the side to Basgas-san's strange words.

As if there's something that's not the Nightmare.

「We call it as the Remnants of the Nightmare」

「The Remnants of the Nightmare?」

「Ah. It's the monsters that have the appearance similar to the Nightmare. Although they are scattered in a wide range in the upper layer now, a lot of them inhabit in that course」

「Is the monster strong?」

「It's strong and troublesome」

A monster that make Basgas-san said that it's strong and troublesome.

If possible, I don't want to encounter it.

「However, they also have the same behavior as the Nightmare. As long as we don't harm them, they won't attack us」

「What is that?」

An amazed voice came out.

Is it okay to call such a monster that has a strange behavior as a monster?

Monster should have an image of attacking without questioning.

「However, it spread invisible threads all over the place, and it will attack if the thread is cut」

「Thread?」

「Ah. Now that you mention it, I have said about it. The Nightmare is a spider monster. The Remnants of the Nightmare are also the same」

Spider, huh?

「The invisible thread that has powerful viscosity that when you are caught in it, you can't escape from it easily, and toughness. Even though that much is troublesome already, it's an absurd monster that the main body is also strong. Although there's a common sense of burning the cobweb when it's found in the old days, after the Remnants of the Nightmare appeared, it changed into 'when the cobweb is found, run away immediately'. It's the most nasty monster in the upper layer」

That's a terribly troublesome monster.

While using the guard called the thread, the main body is also strong.

As if it's a monster that has the human slyness.

If possible, I don't want to encounter it.

Then, that course is rejected.

The remaining ones are the shortest course and the detour course.

「Everyone. Should we advance the dangerous shortest course or the detour but safe course? I want to hear everyone's opinion」

I call out to the other members who are taking a rest.

I was just warned by Basgas-san the other day.

I can't choose the dangerous course by my own judgment only.

Above all, I can't put more burdens on Anna who's near to her limit.

The judgment was difficult for me.

But, the more time we spend, the more the situation moves.

While we are doing this now, Yuugo might be attacking the Elf Village now.

「I think that we should advance the shortest route」

Sensei's words.

Katia seems to agree with her.

「But, isn't it dangerous? If there are several A rank monsters, even if it's us, it's difficult to deal with it」

「Ah, Be relieved because the A rank monsters will never be in a crowd. Even if we encounter it, it will be alone」

「Then, we can manage somehow」

Katia declares with confidence to Basgas-san's words.

「But still, I think that we should not take the risks」

Hyrinth-san picks the safe route.

Well, originally, Hyrinth-san objected that I'm going to the Elf Village.

Rather than the Elf Village, our safety probably have higher priority.

With this, it's two to one.

Basgas-san keeps neutrality, so the remaining ones are Anna and me.

「What Anna thinks that we should do?」

「You may ignore my opinion」

「That's not going to happen. Anna is a comrade after all. It's fine to state your opinion without reserve」

I speak to Anna with a slightly strong tone.

Anna shows a grateful appearance, and after she thinks for a while, it seems that she have decided it.

「Let's advance the shortest route」

「Is it okay?」

With the thought of 'can she catch up with us?', and 'is she all right?'.

「Yes」

It was a powerful affirmation that came back.

Then, there's nothing that I can say.

「Let's advance the shortest route」

It was decided to advance knowing the dangers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166: .
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 166.

I decided to only bold the (new) skills and titles. because most of her skills leveled whenever the status is shown.

Posting 5 chapters today.

166 Mother eating

《Status was unified》

《Skills were unified》

《Skill points were unified》

《Titles were unified》

Oh, eh, ah, yes.

《Experience points has reached a certain degree. Individual, Zana Horowa LV18 has become LV19》

E-Eh?

After that, my level rose at a ferocious pace, and it rose to 27.

Isn't the rise too much?

Is it the experience points of defeating Mother?

Mother is amazing.

No no.

Rather than that, what's unification?

I understand that it's defeated, but unification?

Is it that?

Is it because the soul was consumed?

For the time being, let's confirm my status.

『Zana Horowa　LV27　No name

Status

ＨＰ：３１６２２／３１６２２（Green）＋１９００（Details）(25611 up)

ＭＰ：３６６１８／３６６１８（Blue）＋１９００（Details）(20065 up)

ＳＰ：２６０９７／２６０９７（Yellow）（Details）(22332 up)

：５６６５／２６０９７（Red）＋０（Details）(22332 up)

Average Offensive Ability：２９１５３（Details）(25012 up)

Average Defensive Ability：２９１０４（Details）(24898 up)

Average Magic Ability：３５２８０（Details）(19541 up)

Average Resistance Ability：３５１０７（Details）(19432 up)

Average Speed Ability：３４０２１（Details）(23188 up)

Skill

「Super-speed HP Recovery LV6 (5 up)」 「Magic Extremity」 「Magic God Act LV7 (3 up)」 「Magic Granting LV10 (1 up)」 「Magic Enchantment LV2 (new)」 「Great Offensive Magic Power LV2 (new)」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV10 (7 up)」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV10 (7 up)」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV6 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV7 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV4 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV6 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Shock LV6 (new)」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV10 (7 up)」 「War God Spirit LV10 (8 up)」 「Vitality Granting LV10 (3 up)」 「Ability Granting LV7 (new)」 「Great Vitality Attack LV4 (new)」 「Divine Dragon Power LV7 (new)」 「Dragon Barrier LV2 (new)」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV10 (2 up)」 「Strong Paralysis Attack LV10 (new)」 「Corrosion Attack LV6 (1 up)」 「Heresy Attack LV8 (1 up)」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV10 (1 up)」 「Shield Talent LV2 (new)」 「Thread Genius LV10 (8 up)」 「Impregnable LV2 (new)」 「God-weaving Thread (new)」 「Thread Manipulation LV10」 「Psychokinesis LV7 (new)」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV10 (5 up)」 「Space Maneuver LV10」 「Kin Domination LV10 (new)」 「Spawning LV10 (new)」 「Concentration LV10」 「Super Thought Acceleration LV3 (1 up)」 「Future Vision LV3 (1 up)」 「Parallel Will LV9 (1 up)」 「High-speed Calculation LV10 (2 up)」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV10 (9 up)」 「Stealth LV10」 「Concealment LV2 (new)」 「Silent LV10 (1 up)」 「Odorless LV1 (new)」 「Emperor (new)」 「Presentation (new)」 「Conviction」 「Hell」 「Degeneration」 「Immortality」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Wind Magic LV10 (3 up)」 「Storm Magic LV1 (new)」 「Soil Magic LV10 (3 up)」 「Earth Magic LV3 (new)」 「Light Magic LV2 (new)」 「Holy Light Magic LV1 (new)」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10」 「Darkness Magic LV7 (1 up)」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Miracle Magic LV10 (new)」 「Space Magic LV10」 「Dimension Magic LV7 (1 up)」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Hero LV1 (new)」 「Demon King LV8 (new)」 「Charity (new)」 「Patience」 「Pride」 「Rage LV2 (new)」 「Snatch LV3 (new)」 「Satiation LV10 (2 up)」 「Sloth」 「Wisdom」 「Great Destruction Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Blunt Nullity (new)」 「Great Slash Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Great Pierce Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Great Shock Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Flame Resistance LV8 (4 up)」 「Water Current Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Storm Resistance LV4 (new)」 「Earth Resistance LV5 (4 up)」 「Lightning Resistance LV1 (new)」 「Holy Light Resistance LV2 (new)」 「Darkness Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Great Heavy Resistance LV4 (1 up)」 「Abnormal Condition Nullity」 「Great Acid Resistance LV7 (new)」 「Great Corrosion Resistance LV5 (new)」 「Faint Resistance LV8 (1 up)」 「Great Fear Resistance LV2 (1 up)」 「Heresy Nullity」 「Pain Nullity」 「Sense of Pain Nullity (new)」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Thousand Miles Eye LV1 (new)」 「Evil Eye of Grudge LV8 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Stasis LV7 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Magnetism LV5 (1 up)」 「Evil Eye of Extinction LV5 (1 up)」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV10 (7 up)」 「Perception Range Expansion LV8 (1 up)」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV9 (2 up)」 「Divine Magic」 「Destiny LV10 (6 up)」 「Heaven Motion LV10 (new)」 「Abundant Sky LV10 (new)」 「Fortitude LV10 (7 up)」 「Fortress LV10 (7 up)」 「Idaten LV10 (2 up)」 「Taboo LV10」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：１６４５００

Title

「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Monster Killer」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Ruler of Pride」 「Ruler of Patience」 「Ruler of Wisdom」 「Drake Killer」 「Fear Bringer」 「Dragon Killer」 「Ruler of Sloth」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」 「Conqueror」 「Human Killer」 「Rescuer (new)」 「Medicine Technique User (new)」 「Saint (new)」 「Savior (new)」 「Ruler of Charity (new)」 「Guardian (new)」 「King (new)」 「Human Slaughterer (new)」 「Drake Slaughterer (new)」 「Natural Calamity of Human (new)」』

!?

What is thiiiiiiissss!?

No no no no no!

This is obviously strange!?

Wh-Wh-What should I do?

Emergency meeting activate!

"Parallel Will" assemble!

［Okay, assembled］

Who on earth ate the Queen!?

｛Hai, it's me!｝

Try and confirm your status.

｛Um, what is thiiiiiiissss!?｝

I mean, what's happening on you now?

｛Um, I have taken over Mother's body｝

Are you serious?

｛Serious｝

O-Oh.

Because of that, the status is the same as me?

｛It's the same｝

It was added without dividing it by 2.

｛Seriously? I mean, when did you acquire "Immortality"?｝

It came along with evolution.

｛Seriously?｝

I mean, you have taken over Mother's body means that you're now at the bottom layer as Mother?

｛Yeah｝

Seriously?

How about the others and the remaining Queens?

〈It seems to end within one month〉

（I'm also almost done here）

〔Same here〕

「Same as the rest」

［As expected, the Main is still not at all］

That means you can unify with the four Queens within one month?

｛Crap, what's that? Scary｝

Isn't this means that there's no enemy anymore?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The chapter title is probably a Code Geass reference because it's Hangyaku no Kumo.

Anyway, what the Parallel Wills were doing all the time is revealed.

167 Spider of the rebellion

At first, I felt an uncomfortable feeling when I fight against Fire Dragon Rendo.

I felt the Dragon to be hateful at that time.

Although I had thought that it was scary, there was not a time that I felt the Dragon to be hateful until then.

The start was when I have doubts on these feelings.

If I see my inside, the doubt was clear.

Is it the effect of "Wisdom"? I was able to recognize my soul.

There were two things that influenced the soul.

One is the Ruler skill.

"Pride" and "Patience", the two skills has influence on my soul.

But, this can't be helped.

I can't tear off the skill, and I can only deal with it by being aware that I'm influenced.

The problem is the another one.

That's the forced rule by the Superior.

I received the influence even though it's a little.

Something like a thread that's connected to my soul.

It's the line for the transmission that the Superior use to send the orders to me.

The fact that I only receive a little influence is because of the "Heresy Nullity" skill.

But still, because the line is connected since I was born, the order of the Superior flowed into my soul.

The content of the order is to become strong.

It seemed that this is the reason why I greed for strength.

After I defeated Fire Dragon Rendo, I used the line oppositely, and started attacking the Superior.

I dispatched the "Parallel Will" through the line, and the erosion of the soul by the wills started.

If I were to compare it and say, it's near hacking.

From the terminal called me, I invade the main computer and take over it.

This was the identity of the attack outside of the system that D said.

When saying by my sense, it was similar to the act of eating.

Eat the other party's soul.

It was such a feeling.

I was able to identify the Superior who gave me the order immediately.

Mother.

My biological parent, and the Ruler of the Elro Great Labyrinth.

But, even that Mother was only a mediator.

There's someone who rules Mother.

Surprisingly, that person enslaved four monsters that are equal to Mother.

I advance the erosion of Mother slowly so that it was not noticed by the true Ruler.

Incidentally, I dispatched "Parallel Will" to the remaining four through the line, and start the capture almost at the same time.

Eating the soul was a quite hard work.

After all, it's the thing that's called as the creature's core.

And in addition to that, the other party is a far higher rank existence.

If it's a normal physical match, there's no way to win.

It can be said that it was possible to carry out simply because I have the defense of the soul that's near cheating called as "Heresy Nullity".

The erosion of the soul only advanced slowly.

The turning point was when "Taboo" reached max level.

After that time, my thoughts changed suddenly.

It's also because I absorbed Mothers' soul little by little, but the truth obtained by "Taboo" brought me shock.

At the same time, I decided it.

I must take actions.

I was not able to say leisurely things like 'so that it won't be discovered'.

That's why, I decided to erode boldly.

Of course it was discovered.

But, if it's against my "Parallel Will" that has "Heresy Nullity", there's no way it can win in the fight through the soul.

Because the other party understood it, it looked for my main body.

And, the spider army led by the Arch attacked me.

It was my miscalculation regarding the other party, but I didn't die.

I was stronger than the other party's thought.

However, still, I can't win if the main body of Mother and the true Ruler come.

That's why, I didn't go to the place where Mother seems to go, and I pay close attention to Mother's movement.

After all, I finished marking through the soul.

There was no problem because the true Ruler was far away.

She doesn't have the "Space Magic".

That's why, she can't come to me suddenly.

Then, it's only the fight with time.

Will I eat them up first?

Or, will they find my main body first?

As a result, I succeeded in consuming Mother.

Although it took a considerable long time, I understood that I can absorb the all of the other party when I consume the soul.

The remaining four can be consumed within another one month.

Then, I can oppose her.

If things go well, I might be able to consume her.

If I go that far, it's not a dream to become an Administrator.

My purpose will soon be achieved.

What kind of actions will Gyurigyuri take at that time?

I don't know.

But, I don't have the intention to stop.

It's not that I have such refined thoughts like saving the world.

But, if this stays the same, I can't settle down.

I don't like it.

That's why, I move.

I think that the Mother's Ruler is a terrible backlash.

She never thought that such me is mixed in her kin.

It's the end of the luck to have connected it with the "Kin Domination" skill.

In case of her, she probably let Mother to give birth suitably to increase the usable pieces and strengthen it, but she might have not imagined that an irregular was generated in that.

Sorry.

I will snatch both your intention and power.

Therefore, don't catch up with me.

Present Demon King, Ariel-san of the Origin Taratect.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

168 Write the things I want to memorize in the notebook and eat it like that

Mother eating ended, and status increases remarkably.

The skills are also mach.

Incidentally, another body obtained.

What am I already?

It looks like I absorbed Mother's memory and knowledge as the side effect.

To be specific, I came to understand the language of this world.

This, just when I was thinking of wanting to hear the content of the story in the town.

How timely.

Thus, let's eavesdrop on why the attendants of the middle-aged man become very pale.

Fumu.

Guessing from the fragments of the talk, that middle-aged man was a big shot of another country.

But, he was made to be a negotiator to win over me for his own country almost in the form of getting rid of a nuisance.

The negotiation with the mouth failed.

Well.

I was able to understand the language just now.

Even though I don't understand no matter what you say, negotiation is even impossible.

I mean, either way, with that middle-aged man's attitude, I won't say yes.

The middle-aged man has already died even though he's asked about the crime of trying to hurt the Divine Beast-sama of the another country secretly.

Is the Divine Beast-sama me?

Nai wa.

Generally, spiders don't have the image of the Divine Beast.

Ah, it looks like it's confirmed that the ninjas moved by the order of that middle-aged man.

Incidentally, it looks like the town chief knows it.

It seems that the attendant who received the investigation confessed easily.

The ninjas didn't return, and the middle-aged man dies a mystery death.

As for the death of the middle-aged man, it seems to be already recognized as my curse.

No, although it doesn't change that it's my act, why is it known?

And.

When I return to the talk, it might become a war by diplomatic issue.

Haaan.

So that's why, the attendants have such a pale face.

Because of the master's thoughtless action, they have make enemies of me and this country.

When I imagined that it might damage the mother country, of course they will become pale.

I mean, isn't that using me as an excuse?

Although it becomes a feeling like a war is happening because of me, I don't know, okay?

Why are you talking about me like I'm the country's holdings?

I don't particularly have emotional attachment in this country.

Annoying.

After all, it's the same as that middle-aged man.

Rather, it's more wicked to use that as an excuse to start a war.

It might be the right time to leave.

It was pleasant to be pampered, and it was a happiness that sweets are offered, but there's no reason for me to be treated as a human tool.

The likes of the human to look at me like that, your hubris is excessive.

I see the state for a little more, let's move if I don't like it.

I keep picking up the sound transmitted from the thread.

As expected, because I can't grasp all the sounds in the town, it's only a part.

I hear multiple sounds using "High-speed Calculation" and "Super Thought Acceleration" at the same time.

There's no way I can do such a thing without the skills.

If Prince Shotoku existed, isn't him a monster?

Although the "Super Thought Acceleration" is convenient, it was necessary to practice a little to understand the words.

Because the heard sound becomes terribly slow.

「Good Morning」 will be heard like 「Gggooooooddd Mmmooorrrnnniiinnnggg」.

Although such phenomenon happens because my recognition of time was prolonged than normal, if I'm not accustomed to it, I won't understand what the other party says.

I keep picking up sounds at random with the implication of practicing to be accustomed, and information gathering.

I was okay when I tapped the town chief because I only concentrated there, but when I pick up multiple sounds like this, there's a discrepancy that occurs to the recognition by all means.

Thanks to that, I became quite accustomed.

Well, still, it needs a great concentration though.

As a result of hearing the voice in the town, I have understood various things.

First of all, about me.

It's confirmed that I'm called as the Divine Beast-sama.

Well, this is something that I knew since the time I tapped the town chief.

It looks like I'm worshiped by the citizens with the feeling of I'm the guardian deity of this town.

As expected, it looks like the citizens are prohibited to approach here today because such thing happened.

Somehow, it looks like the start of me being worshiped is not only the story that I saved the town chief's wife and child.

This town, or perhaps I should say, in the country with this town, it seems that the religion called Goddess Religion is active here, and it seems that in the Goddess Religion, the spider the messenger of Goddess-sama.

Ah, yes.

I'm different from that one.

I mean, that messenger is a Demon King now.

I'm opposing her.

Is it fine?

That's why, the situation where I'm respected as Divine Beast-sama because I saved people on a whim, and the spider was originally regarded as sacred.

I see.

I understood a little of the middle-aged man who I killed yesterday.

This middle-aged man seems to be a noble of the neighboring small country.

Besides, his position is high.

But, the person is incompetent in the lineage only.

He was partly driven out of his own country by dispatching him as a goodwill ambassador of this country.

Although I don't know whether it's a lie or truth because it's the citizens' rumor, isn't it bad to entrust diplomacy to an incompetent person?

Besides, that incompetent person caused a problem at the dispatch destination.

Rather, isn't the central figure of the neighboring country also incompetent?

If thinking from that middle-aged man's personality, it's obvious that he will raise a problem.

No, is that perhaps the aim?

Let the middle-aged man to cause a diplomatic issue, and use that reason to raise a war. Is that the purpose?

Certainly not.

As expected, that's leaping too much.

Ah.

I'm hungry.

Even if I unified with Mother, my SP didn't recover to full.

It can't be helped.

Let's go a little hunting to fill my belly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

169 No more tributes

Three days after killing the middle-aged man.

After that, the number of people come to my place decreased.

I mean, it was prohibited to come.

That goes without saying because I have killed the middle-aged man.

The citizens' reactions are generally annoyed.

There are people who say that the middle-aged man deserves to die without hesitating.

Although they don't speak of it, it looks like most people think so.

But, among them, there are people who think that the spider is dangerous after all.

Such people are usually glared by the people in the surroundings, and they correct what they have said in a hurry.

Religion is scary.

Actually, seeing from the citizens, I'm a very dangerous creature.

But still, the worshiped faith.

Those who believe will be saved.

Judging from a Japanese sense, religion is hard to understand.

Well, such thing doesn't matter.

The problem is the number of people that came decreased, and the tribute decreased.

Even if it's prohibited, the people who come will come.

Faithful people, and people who want the wounds and disease to be cured.

But, such people come only in bit by bit.

It doesn't come, the food doesn't come.

There's no sweet food.

Uuuu.

It's painful.

I was able to replenish my decreased SP relatively easy.

Come to think of it, the complete recovery by level up disappeared before I know it.

Well, I can somehow imagine the reason.

I have exceeded the acceptable limits that can be recovered.

The complete recovery of level up comes from the "ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ" skill.

Although it's something like an extra function that was set by D so that we don't die easily, the energy for the recovery is pumped out from the world.

Although it would be good that a little amount of energy is pumped out when it's a low status, when I became this strong, an enormous amount of energy needs to be pumped out to recover.

That's why, was it set that supply will stop when a certain point is reached? Or, did D tamper the setting in real time?

If I think about it, the shedding didn't take place even if I leveled up recently.

Recently, because my HP didn't decrease when I level up, I didn't mind it, but I think that the recovery probably stopped from there.

So, I looked for prey to recover my SP that had rose greatly and irregularly to the maximum.

Even if I say so, I have set an aim.

Although I wander around aimlessly when I'm free to fill the map of this neighborhood, I discovered a considerably large-scale group of bandits at that time.

I mean, they made a village.

At that time, I didn't attack because the judgment was strange whether it's the bandits or it's a village made at a remote area.

No, well, almost all of the villagers have the "Snatch" skill, so I think that they are obviously bandits from their appearance.

Because I became able to understand words, I confirmed whether the bandit village was really a bandit village or not.

Well, should I say as expected? It was the bandit.

It was confirmed that they are a large-scale group of bandits that move in organization, and attack village or town in the vicinity, travelers and moving merchants.

Now that I know that, there's no need to hold back.

I annihilated them and eat them deliciously.

There were quite strong as bandits, so the experience points were delicious.

Thanks to that, my level rose by 3.

The taste was not so bad because they made a village and they are clean.

So, the stomach is satisfied.

But, this and that are different.

There's always room for sweet foods.

Even if my stomach is satisfied, my heart is not satisfied.

Kuu.

Well, it can't be helped.

I must think that it's better even if the offering is little.

When I was in the labyrinth, I can never eat sweet foods.

If it's compared with that, now is more luxurious.

Ah, when I taste luxury once, I can't return to the origin.

Desire is frightening.

Because it can't be helped even if I asked for the moon, I will pick up the sound in the town and eavesdrop today.

The rumor of the war begins to appear among the citizens.

Well.

As expected, I think that there's no war.

That's the scheme that make use of the diplomacy to raise the war.

The other party is a small country too.

To be frank, the benefit obtained is lower than the cost.

It might be good if there's at least one strong soldier who's matchless, but when I see the human's strength that I have seen so far, I don't think that there's a human who's matchless.

Then, after all, it becomes a war of attrition, and the soldiers will be used until the end.

There's also the consumption of the supplies, and there's also the post-treatment after winning.

To be frank, even if they fight and win, it's a long way off to obtain any benefit.

Ah, but wait.

This country is religious country.

When it becomes a religious war, will it change?

Ah, then it's not impossible.

Judging from me who's secular, it's unbelievable that a war will start by faith.

Even in the Earth's history, there's a lot of religious war.

The me who's used as the excuse of the war.

Nai wa.

I'm not such an exaggerated thing.

Do I have to say "Stop, don't fight for me"?

Oh, well.

If a war happened, that time is that time.

And, the one on my mind is the Vampire child.

That child spends days peacefully for now.

It looks like the people in the surroundings haven't notice that she's a Vampire.

Rather, the person herself might not know about it either.

I didn't know about my status until my Appraisal level rose.

As for that child who didn't have Appraisal, that means she doesn't even know her own race, right?

Thanks to the True Ancestor title, there's no weak point as a Vampire, so there's no subjective symptoms.

Then, what will happen when she knows it?

The noble's daughter is a Vampire.

Uwa.

It only smells of troubles.

What should I do at that time?

Although I don't want to be concerned with her, what should I do?

Well, at present, it doesn't seem that there's a human who has Appraisal in the surroundings, so isn't it all right?

If there's a person who has Appraisal, it will be an uproar.

Ah, if only Appraisal can be used with "Thousand Miles Eye".

I can confirm the status of the people in the surroundings.

The "Thousand Miles Eye" is evolved from "Clairvoyance".

Although it's simply the distance that can be seen increased, the distance is abnormal.

I can see the Elro Great Labyrinth from here.

I can see the distant scenery while being here as much as I like.

It's an amazing skill.

At this time, I was absorbed to hear the sound in the town.

I was a little careless.

If I confirm it properly, I should be able to evade it.

My Home is blown off.

An outrageous shock.

Moreover, I was not able to perceive the magic formula means that the destruction is not by magic.

It's either a pure physical attack or an attack by the skill.

「Finally, I found you」

I look at the person who brought the holocaust.

The Demon King was there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

170 Demon King Ariel

This is bad.

I was careless.

I mean, I was in high spirit after unified with Mother.

Why did I forget about this person's movement?

A big blunder.

『Origin Taratect　LV139　Name Ariel

Status

ＨＰ：９００９８／９００９８（Green）＋９９９９９（Details）

ＭＰ：８７６５５／８７６５５（Blue）＋９９９９９（Details）

ＳＰ：８９８６２／８９８６２（Yellow）（Details）

：８９８５６／８９８５６（Red）＋９９５６７（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：９００２１（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：８９９９７（Details）

Average Magic Ability：８７５０４（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：８７４８９（Details）

Average Speed Ability：８９５１８（Details）

Skill

「Super-speed HP Recovery LV10」 「High-speed MP Recovery LV10」 「Great MP Consumption Down LV10」 「Precise Magic Manipulation LV10」 「Magic God Act LV10」 「Magic Granting LV10」 「Magic Enchantment LV10」 「Great Offensive Magic Power LV10」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV10」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV10」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV10」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV10」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV8」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV9」 「Great Enhanced Shock LV10」 「Great Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV10」 「War God Spirit LV10」 「Vitality Granting LV10」 「Ability Granting LV10」 「Great Vitality Attack LV10」 「Divine Dragon Power LV10」 「Divine Dragon Barrier LV10」 「Deadly Poison Attack LV10」 「Strong Paralysis Attack LV10」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV10」 「Thread Genius LV10」 「God-weaving Thread」 「Thread Manipulation LV10」 「Psychokinesis LV10」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV10」 「Space Maneuver LV10」 「Cooperation LV10」 「Strategist LV10」 「Kin Domination LV10」 「Spawning LV10」 「Summon LV10」 「Concentration LV10」 「Super Thought Acceleration LV6」 「Future Vision LV6」 「Parallel Will LV4」 「High-speed Calculation LV10」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV10」 「Stealth LV10」 「Concealment LV10」 「Silent LV10」 「Odorless LV10」 「Emperor」 「Appraisal LV10」 「Detection LV10」 「Sublimation」 「Heresy Magic LV10」 「Fire Magic LV8」 「Water Magic LV10」 「Water Current Magic LV5」 「Wind Magic LV10」 「Storm Magic LV10」 「Heaven Storm Magic LV10」 「Soil Magic LV10」 「Earth Magic LV10」 「Ground Fissure Magic LV10」 「Thunder Magic LV10」 「Lightning Magic LV8」 「Light Magic LV10」 「Holy Light Magic LV2」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10」 「Darkness Magic LV10」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Space Magic LV2」 「Heavy Magic LV10」 「Abyss Magic LV10」 「Great Demon King LV10」 「Dignity LV5」 「Rage LV9」 「Gluttony」 「Usurpation LV8」 「Rest LV9」 「Decadence LV4」 「Physical Nullity」 「Flame Resistance LV5」 「Water Current Nullity」 「Storm Nullity」 「Earth Nullity」 「Lightning Nullity」 「Holy Light Resistance LV8」 「Darkness Nullity」 「Heavy Nullity」 「Abnormal Condition Nullity」 「Acid Nullity」 「Great Corrosion Resistance LV7」 「Faint Nullity」 「Fear Nullity」 「Great Heresy Resistance LV6」 「Pain Nullity」 「Sense of Pain Nullity」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Thousand Miles Eye LV10」 「Great Enhanced Five Senses LV10」 「Perception Range Expansion LV10」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV3」 「Destiny LV10」 「Heaven Mana LV10」 「Heaven Motion LV10」 「Abundant Sky LV10」 「Fortitude LV10」 「Fortress LV10」 「Heaven Path LV10」 「Heaven Protection LV10」 「Idaten LV10」 「Taboo LV10」

Skill point：０

Title

「Human Killer」 「Human Slaughterer」 「Natural Calamity of Human」 「Demon Killer」 「Demon Slaughterer」 「Natural Calamity of Demon」 「Fairy Killer」 「Fairy Slaughterer」 「Natural Calamity of Fairy」 「Monster Killer」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Natural Calamity of Monster」 「Drake Killer」 「Drake Slaughterer」 「Natural Calamity of Drake」 「Dragon Killer」 「Dragon Slaughterer」 「Merciless」 「Gross Feeder」 「Blood Relative Eater」 「Assassin」 「Poison Technique User」 「Thread User」 「Puppeteer」 「Leading One」 「Conqueror」 「King」 「Ancient Divine Beast」 「Ruler of Gluttony」 「Demon King」』

There's no way I can win!?

I mean, the first Appraisal was obstructed.

The result that I break through the obstruction using Wisdom-sama by force is this.

It's impossible to win this in a frontal attack, right?

The Demon King who approaches slowly.

Although the appearance is like a human girl, the inside is a complete monster.

Like I can fight against such monster.

He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.

Transfer.

Huh?

Transfer doesn't activate.

W-Why?

「Fufu. It looks like you're surprised. You can't run away. The "Great Demon King" skill that I have has the effect of preventing the other party's escape」

D!

Is it your act!?

This is that!

「It's impossible to escape from the Great Demon King」, it's this, right!?

This is bad, bad, bad.

「Tch. As expected, a Ruler class, You obstructed the Appraisal, huh?」

Mu?

Was I appraised?

Well, because I have set the Appraisal to be always obstructed, there's no problem.

Because I have Wisdom-sama, I can break through that.

「Never mind. After having come this far, I only have to kill you」

Awawawawa.

What should I do?

「It's the first time for me to be cornered until here since the system construction. You can be proud there」

The Demon King activates "Summon".

Ten boxes appeared.

The figures of people crawl out from the boxes.

I have doubt whether it can be called as the figures of people or not.

Puppets appeared.

It's not the lovely one that's sold in the toy shop.

It's the puppets for combat with a variety of armament.

My Appraisal see through the identity of the puppets.

There are small spider monsters inside the puppets.

Oi oi.

The status exceeds the Arch though.

She have such a hidden-ball play.

「Because the Queen is seized by you, it's not usable. You're really an outrageous monster」

I don't want to be said by you!

「Well then, die」

The attacking puppets.

The status of each one of them exceed 10000 a little, so it's possible to deal with them.

But, the cooperation is too good.

I receive the attack in waves by the ten of them that has no chance.

My HP reduced without being able to do anything.

Ugh, this is bad.

My HP has reduced to zero.

MP as well. If it's this speed, it will be reduced immediately.

「With this, the finishing blow」

The Demon King activates magic.

It's the magic that I know, but I have not seen before.

"Abyss Magic LV10" Rebellion Hell.

Countless jet-black inverted crosses rain down.

The scene that it falls slowly was rather fantastic.

But, the power is not a joke.

The inverted cross hits my body.

The part of my body disappeared.

With only one inverted cross, half of my body vanishes.

Although it's reproduced by "Super-speed HP Recovery", new inverted cross falls more faster than that.

The inverted cross that can't be avoided in the air.

The symbol of destruction that rains down like snow that doesn't affect anything at all except me.

It's impossible to avoid and intercept it.

Hit.

Reduce.

Hit.

Reduce.

Ah..this..is..re..al..ly..ba.....

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

171 Since when were you under the impression that I can't escape from the Great Demon King?

The eggshell broke.

I re-reborn!

Ah, it was dangerous.

Seriously.

I was nearly about to die seriously.

Even though I tried to play dead after getting defeated suitably because I have "Immortality", the "Abyss Magic" is used.

I got impatient.

If I was a little late to cut the connection with the main body, all of the Parallel Wills were going to die.

At that time when I made to receive the Demon King's "Abyss Magic", I escaped by only pulling out my soul from the body by force.

Although such a thing was my first time and I didn't know whether it's possible or not, I sent my everything like dispatching the Parallel Wills.

The sent destination was the egg that laid by the experimenting "Spawning" skill in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

The "Spawning" skill is the skill that can produce my kin as eggs without copulating.

Although it was the skill added after eating Mother, I return to the home in the labyrinth and tried this skill.

As a result, the egg was able to be produced by consuming SP.

Because the egg didn't hatch immediately, I left it there as it is, but I never thought that it will be useful in such a way.

The "Abyss Magic" is bad.

Even I will die if I receive it directly.

Something like "Immortality" and resistances are meaningless before that magic.

Because that magic is the magic with the power of the quasi-Administrator class.

A brutal magic that all the flesh and souls are thrown into the ＭＡ area.

It's the only means that can kill me by the power in the system.

It was really dangerous.

It was unexpected that there was a person who can use "Abyss Magic" other than me, and it's also unexpected that it was used as the finishing blow.

Ah, although there are only relatively easy battles recently, why is the time when I fight with a formidable enemy like this is always life-threatening?

I should have become strong enough to say that there's no enemy anymore.

Why am I beaten one-sidedly?

Well then.

For the time being, I was able to survive even though it's barely, let's confirm the present condition.

First of all, status check.

Bu!?

I burst into laughter after seeing my numbers.

All status 3.

3.

It's not a mistake in vision, it's 3.

The word, 'Decreasing' is next to the status with the highest value which is the previous numerical value.

Did the status fall temporarily because I changed bodies?

Well, it can't be helped.

My present figure is the palm size after all.

The size of the egg that was born by the "Spawning" is almost equal to the chicken's.

The new body born from there is small.

If it's the previous status with this size, the appearance is a fraud.

Although there's no change in the skills, with this status, direct combat is impossible.

It might be better to stay hidden for a while until my status is recovered.

Ah, hello?

｛Yes｝

The Demon King might go there.

｛Also?｝

Un.

Do your best!

｛Impossible impossible!｝

For the time being, you should escape in the similar way as me if it becomes a pinch.

｛I will｝

I finish the meeting with Mother-in-charge.

Should the attack of the soul to the Demon King be stopped once?

No, but it's my bad that I have let her approach me off guard this time.

If I make full use of Transfer and run around without being careless. Even if I said that, if it's my present status, I can't activate Transfer.

B-Bad.

Therefore, everyone, stop the attack for a moment.

〈Aye〉

「It can't be helped」

Un.

Carry out the strategy to play dead.

The "Abyss Magic" was the finishing blow, so that means there's no experience point.

Because the experience point is a thing that's gained by absorbing a part of the defeated opponent's soul, if it's the "Abyss Magic", even that is collected.

Because there's no experience point gained, there's no need to worry that the fact that I'm alive will be found out.

Fuu.

I was about to die because of the "Abyss Magic", and it's a strange story that I was saved thanks to "Abyss Magic".

However, what to do from now on?

With this body, proper action is impossible.

I mean, will the status really return?

If it doesn't return, what should I do?

Before that, what should I do about the meal?

Can I hunt with this poor status?

Uwa.

Isn't it dangerous in various ways?

What should I do?

When I'm worrying, rustling sounds begin to sound from the surroundings somehow.

Ah, that's right.

I laid about 1000 eggs for trial.

My babies who break the shell one after another, and come out.

『Minimum Lesser Horo Neia　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：３／３（Green）

ＭＰ：３／３（Blue）

ＳＰ：３／３（Yellow）

：３／３（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：３

Average Defensive Ability：３

Average Magic Ability：３

Average Resistance Ability：３

Average Speed Ability：３

Skill

「Magic Perception LV1」 「Magic Manipulation LV1」 「Poison Fang LV1」 「Spider Thread LV1」 「Night Vision LV7」 「Poison Magic LV1」 「Poison Resistance LV1」』

An?

Somehow, it's a species that I have not seen before.

Although my species is the Zana Horowa as it is, what are these guys?

Besides, these guys have the "Poison Magic" by nature.

『Minimum Lesser Horo Neia：The new species produced by the Zana Horowa』

A new species!

Is it D?

Is it her act?

Never mind.

Although these guys are weak, there's a lot in numbers, so they are usable.

The "Kin Domination" seems to work properly, so if I give these guys an order to hunt, isn't it all right even if I don't do anything myself?

Kukuku.

Yosh.

Hey, My Babies!

Bring food for me!

The 999 child spiders that begin to move all at once obeying my order.

Uwa, gross.

What a parent to make the children who just born to serve the parent.

Cruel.

Brute.

Ahahaha.

Do your best, my children.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

172 I let the children to pay the tribute

It was eight days later that the baby army returned.

Come to think of it, the depopulation of the monsters in this area has considerably advanced, so monsters can't be found unless going afar.

Thanks to that, I almost died because of hunger.

There's only SP 3.

I will die.

Because it can't be helped, I ate the thing in the vicinity that's the eggshell and stave off starvation.

The eggshell is soft unlike the bird's egg, so it can be eaten.

Something like eating the thing that I produced by myself is unpleasant, but needs must when the devil drives.

I ate the shell that didn't have taste.

My status recovered a little only when I ate.

Although it's a slight amount by time progression, it's recovering.

If I take proper meals in this condition, complete recovery seems to be possible.

I stave off my starvation like that for eight days.

The babies who returned at last have considerably reduced in number.

About half?

Well, they are weak.

I was on the verge of dying by starvation.

Rather, I have no choice but to say that half of them did well to survive.

Besides, somehow, the level rises overall.

I mean, doesn't the status rose a lot?

The status that should have been All 3 at level 1 has the status around All 50 at the average level of 5.

The rising value of one level is around ten?

Oi oi.

My childhood rising value was 1 per level, you know?

What's with these excellent brats.

The babies carry the preys that were killed by them.

O-Oh.

It's quite a lot.

Ten corpses of monsters are carried.

What's with these excellent brats.

Let me see, ah, the frog.

Various monsters that I have seen before are exhibited.

When I observe those guys, the whole bodies are entangled by the thread, and there are traces that they received "Poison Fang" from several parts.

Why these guys cooperate to restrain the opponent with the thread, and drive in "Poison Fang" all at once?

Come to think of it, the "Cooperation" skill is added in most of the babies.

I don't have the skill though.

What's with these excellent brats.

In addition, although only ten was able to be brought this time, it's obvious that these guys defeat the more monsters than that, right?

Although it's probably to fill their stomach, otherwise, they will starve to death.

There's no way these guys can become level 5 with only 10 monsters.

How many monsters that these guys killed?

For the time being, it's the prey that they caught with great pains, so let's eat it.

Un.

Bad.

Ah, I yearn for sweet foods.

But, I can't say the luxury.

I will endure until my status returns.

I wonder will it return immediately if I level up.

But, my present level is 30.

It won't rise with just a little thing.

Here as expected, it seems to be good to wait the recovery slowly.

Thus, Babies!

Go and get food again!

Although they don't complain because they don't have vocal organs, the babies march again.

It's gross as usual.

After that, seven days later.

My babies carried the preys again and returned.

Oi oi.

There are some that become bigger here and there though?

Among the child spiders of the palm size, there's a slightly big one around 30 centimeters mixed at the ratio of one to ten.

『Mini Lesser Horo Neia　LV1

Status

ＨＰ：１２５／１２５（Green）（Details）

ＭＰ：１２５／１２５（Blue）（Details）

ＳＰ：１２５／１２５（Yellow）（Details）

：１２０／１２５（Red）（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：１２５（Details）

Average Defensive Ability：１２５（Details）

Average Magic Ability：１２５（Details）

Average Resistance Ability：１２５（Details）

Average Speed Ability：１２５（Details）

Skill

「Magic Perception LV4」 「Magic Manipulation LV4」 「Enhanced Poison LV1」 「Poison Fang LV4」 「Spider Thread LV3」 「Cooperation LV4」 「Night Vision LV8」 「Poison Magic LV2」 「Shadow Magic LV1」 「Poison Resistance LV4」』

Minimum evolved into Mini.

Besides, it's probably the influence of the evolution, but the "Shadow Magic" is added.

What's with these excellent brats.

The number doesn't decrease much this time, and the corpse of the monster brought back is 20.

They return one day earlier than the last time, and the result is double.

What's with these excellent brats.

I receive the preys gratefully.

My status recovers considerably, and it becomes around 1000.

My body grows bigger with it too.

Because my species didn't change, it's not a change like evolution, but it looks like my body simply grows bigger.

I who was palm size have grow to the size around 30 centimeters.

It's the size almost the same as the Mini.

When the babies left the preys, they leave immediately before I order them.

Eh?

They can judge it by themselves already?

Aren't their head unexpectedly good?

What's with these excellent brats.

I'm glad that I gave birth to them.

And, I don't have to simply eat because I'm hungry.

No, I thought about it a little.

It might be fine if I eat these guys.

But, at the end, I didn't eat them for the reason that the thing gained is a lot if I use them until the end rather than eating them.

The expectation hits the mark splendidly.

Rather, it's more than expected.

Mother is happy to have such excellent and brave children.

Please pay the tribute to mother with that condition.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

173 Sponger

Ah.

Children is convenient.

Even if I don't say anything, they will work.

Moreover, they are excellent.

Even if I don't do anything, my life is supported.

It's wonderful.

However, I can't do nothing either.

The Demon King who was marked will reach the bottom layer soon.

After defeating my former main body, the Demon King head to the bottom layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth straight.

I think that she went to confirm what happened to the Queen that was taken over by me.

Well, there's no way to win if I encounter her.

Because it won't be a joke if the "Abyss Magic" is used again, I must prepare the escape route for the Parallel Will that took over Mother's body to escape.

Thus, "Spawning" begin.

Because my body has shrink unlike before, it's difficult.

A huge egg is produced inside my body in comparison with my present body.

This is hard.

I hold out for about half day.

I finally give birth to one egg.

Ah, it was tiresome.

But, with this, the preparation is done.

Now, if she withdraw before receiving the "Abyss Magic", it's perfect.

If possible, it's good if she can play dead without the "Abyss Magic" being used, but when thinking about the Queen's large build, the possibility of using the wide range annihilation magic is high.

When I'm waiting this and that, No.2 born from the egg as expected.

Good morning.

｛Good morning. Nai wa. That is impossible｝

Yeah.

Did you understand my feeling?

｛Un. There's no way to win no matter what｝

For the time being, eat so that the body doesn't die.

I left some foods just in case.

｛Thank you｝

Therefore, although No.2 was newly added, I noticed something.

The No.2's species remains as the Queen Taratect.

At present, although the figure is the same as me when I reborn, will she return to that large build sooner or later?

Assuming that she will return, how long will it takes?

Rather than that, I must pay attention to the Demon King's movement.

Although I don't think so, she might suspect that we are alive and begin to search for us.

I must watch her tightly so that it won't become like the other day.

The Demon King is still in the bottom layer.

Although I don't know what she's doing, as long as she's in the Great Labyrinth, I can't be careless.

When I spend the time like this, the baby unit returned again.

Ah, un.

Although I half expected it, all have evolved.

In addition, they acquired the Gross Feeder title.

As expected, they haven't acquired the Monster Killer, if it's at this rate, it might be a matter of time.

Not only the title, but the skills increase steadily too.

Starting from "Life", the every status strengthening skills, and the enhanced five senses skill of the "Enhanced Vision".

These guys are really too excellent.

How long do you think that I take to reach that stage?

Well, I have no dissatisfaction with the pieces being excellent.

Rather, it's convenient.

This time also, they carry the corpses of the monsters without fail.

The snake is there.

Seriously?

They became able to defeat the snake already?

Amazing.

My children who put the corpses of the monsters and leave gallantly again.

Somehow, it's becoming the atmosphere like the soldiers who have a long military record already start to march.

To evolve in this short term, how long have they do a dark fight?

It's scary that it's doesn't seem impossible that the next time they return, they have evolved further.

For the time being, eat.

My status recovers when I eat.

When my status recovers, the shedding occurs, and my body grows bigger.

Although there was no shedding except the level up, the shedding is originally like this.

The impression of the shedding by level up was too strong.

The size of my body returns considerably, around 80 centimeters.

A little more.

But, the status is still hard to say as complete recovery.

Around 15000.

If I recover to here, I won't fall behind an incompetent opponent, but if it's in the situation that the Demon King is near, I want to move as much as possible after complete recovery.

It doesn't mean that I don't want to break out of the present lazy life.

No means no.

Although No.2 eats and the status recovered a little, the size of the body becomes bigger faster than me.

After all, because the origin is big, it's faster to become bigger.

Even though she should be eating the same amount, where on earth does this difference come from?

It's mysterious.

When I experienced the mystery of the monster, I think about the future.

For the time being, I want to go to see the state of that town where the Vampire child lives once when I recover completely.

Because I was worshiped as the Divine Beast, the people might be confused that I disappeared suddenly.

There's also the war with the neighboring country, so I should go to see it to grasp the situation.

And, I think that I will restart the attack to the Demon King after seeing the state.

If I don't meet her, I'm more advantageous.

If I meet her, she's advantageous, and if I don't meet her, I'm advantageous.

If I continue the attack while running around with Transfer, I should be able to win.

There's no way to defeat such a monster by a frontal attack, so I can only defeat her by underhand trick.

And, I have the underhand trick.

Then, no matter it's unfair or whatever, I will do anything to win.

Kukuku.

I will return the debt of being defeated.

Wait for me, Demon King.

After all, I have the "Hero" skill.

I can't afford to be scared of the Demon King.

Fufufu.

Ah, but please don't come from the front, really, please.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

174 Apprenticeship applicant

When I slack with No.2, there was a reaction in the Space Perception.

Oh my, is it the Demon King!?

Although I stand ready for an instant, come to think of it, the Demon King doesn't have Transfer.

In addition, when I confirm the position by marking, it looks like the Demon King is going around the bottom layer thinking of something.

Then, who is it?

The space disorder is big considering it's Gyurigyuri.

If it's Gyurigyuri, he should Transfer more beautifully.

The person who I know that can use Transfer, ah, there's one person.

The shadow of a person who Transfer across the space.

The middle-aged man just before the elderly person.

It's the magician who was with the knights before.

Eh?

Why does this guy come to such a place now?

Oh, well.

My status has return considerably, if it's this guy alone, I can kill him quickly.

He has trained his skills considerably, so he seems to be delicious in the experience points.

「O-Oh!?」

The middle-aged man noticed me.

Apparently, it looks like he don't know that I'm here, but what an amazing over reaction.

Well, I defeat them completely after all.

Ah, although my appearance is different from that time, did the middle-aged man recognize me?

「I-It's certain. Even though the appearance changes, that presence」

Ah, yes.

It's me.

Hmm.

So you know.

Well, it doesn't matter.

Then, I have you become my experience points.

「P-Please wait! I don't have the purpose of hostility! Please, please hear my story!」

Eh?

What?

「Please make me as your apprentice!」

What?

Somehow, after that, the middle-aged man settled down.

「Although I gave this body to magic, I have fell in love to your "Magic Extremity". I would like to be your apprentice by all means. Since that day when I saw your vivid magic, my heart has been held tightly by that brilliance. The smoothness to the magnificence of that magic construction is like the artwork of the national treasure rank. And, the overwhelming presence like a magnificent mountain. The technique like a God that can't possibly be broken by human technique. The flowing magical power has a close resemblance as the flow of the large river, and the overflowing magic is like the sea. Exactly! The essence of the magic is nature together with the world. Gratitude can't stop because I was reminded of the root. In addition, the magic construction that doesn't rely on the skills. That technique that give up common sense. I was made to change my thought that I narrowed the magic possibilities. I was praised a genius, and I became senile too. The magic means to feel the world, and it's a technique to change the world. Despite that, I want to admonish the past me who followed the world rule obediently. Know the world, and change the world with this way. What an easy and difficult thing. I also want to use magic without skills........」

The middle-aged man who began to talk at an amazing force.

I was dumbfounded unintentionally, and I ignored the middle-aged man's story.

Un.

To be honest, I drew back.

When I return to sanity, the killing intention disappeared somehow.

Was I taken aback?

Even so, there's no way I can make him as my apprentice.

In the first place, I can't talk.

Mutual understanding is pretty much possible if I acquire the "Telepathy" skill.

Although I have used most of the skill points that I get by unifying with Mother, if it's 100 points, I have it. But, I don't want to acquire it.

But, I don't think that I will acquire it to communicate with this middle-aged man.

After all, it's troublesome.

This middle-aged man is considerably dangerous because he can make me draw back.

A communication with such middle-aged man?

No, it's impossible.

The hurdle is too high for me.

Thus, I decided to ignore him.

Although this middle-aged man talks to me with the assumption that I understand the language, why can he have such expectation to a monster as the other party?

No, I actually understand though.

Usually, a person won't think that the monster can understand the language, right?

Why did this middle-aged man skip that part?

Isn't his head strange?

Ah, it was obviously strange.

Although it's fine that I decided to ignore him, the middle-aged man didn't return.

He keeps talking, and when he knows that I don't have any reaction, he observes me fixedly this time.

What's with this guy?

At the end, he blazes up by setting a fire on his body with the consent of the day after tomorrow.

He was about to die.

The figure that laughed while on the verge of death is rather eerie.

After all, this middle-aged man is crazy.

Why do you attack yourself?

Are you an idiot?

After that, the strange cohabitation life continues, I recover my status while being troubled by the middle-aged man's eccentric behavior.

It begins with setting the fire, he made half of his body frozen, and he soars up high with wind in the air and drops.

Sometimes, he meditate in the water ball made by himself until he's about to be drowned.

Rather than meditation, isn't it straying?

What does he really want to do?

But, there was benefit.

Because the middle-aged man learned various magics, I observed the activation and I was able to learn some new magics.

Especially the fire, water and ice that I didn't learned, so it was a profit.

These 3 attributes have bad affinity with me and I was able to learn the skills just in case, but the level doesn't rise easily.

The middle-aged man seems to be able to use "Space Magic" fairly well and he brought preserved foods in the Space Storage, but it looks like it ran out after several days passed.

He went somewhere with Transfer unwillingly.

And, when I thought that he gave up, somehow, he killed a monster and returned.

And, he ate the monster.

That is the frog that has poison.

Of course, he has an upset stomach by the poison, and was in agony.

What does he really want to do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sfm-1: Searching For Master
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Searching for master 3 thousand miles

I polish the magical power.

This is not good.

It's no good.

Up until now, this was all right.

However, when I see that person's magic, my Magic Manipulation seems to be a child's play.

Construction speed.

Like the tortoise's walking.

Construction dexterity.

Like a house of cards.

Magical power flow.

Like the drainage that was covered with dirty mud.

Completed magic.

I can't endure to see it anymore.

What a thing.

I have devoted this body to magic so far, and the complication that I have devoted myself is this?

Was I satisfied with such unpolished magic so far?

With the skills of such me is the empire's strongest magician?

I realize the limit of the Humans.

The too low limit.

Why was I born as the Humans?

With such a weak race, I can't possibly catch up with that person's height.

I dragged such melancholic feelings.

The Nightmare. That person was named so, and the me who failed in the subjugation of that person was given a penitence as the punishment, and I was confined in the mansion in the capital of the empire.

Well, such thing like confinement can't restrain me who can use the Transfer magic.

Because the higher-ups of the empire understand it, strict punishment is not given, and gave an easy punishment like confinement to temporize.

The empire might have the purpose to not want to let go of me.

I don't think that the empire will let go of me who's the empire's strongest magician and also the "Space Magic" user that there's no other user.

If I make a move that abandons the empire, the empire will detain me by all means.

But still, if it's useless, an assassin will surely be sent.

It should be the true intention that the empire doesn't want to lose a precious force.

Then, the empire can't harm me quickly.

From what I heard, the summoner, Buirims who survived with me was thrown into the Magic Mountain in the border with the Demons territory in the name of replenish the lost familiar and the recruit's training.

Strong monsters inhabit in the Magic Mountain, and it's a danger zone where the Demons occasionally surrounds with strategy.

It's not a place for a man who suffers half-dead wounds and lost all of his familiars to go.

Moreover, it's said that the followed subordinates are all quirky problem children.

Although Buirims is an excellent enough general in the empire, a summoner who don't have his familiars is useless.

Although I don't want the life that I saved with trouble to die pointlessly, only this is the power of the person.

I can only pray for his safety.

When I spend days in melancholic feelings, I hear of a certain rumor.

A Divine Beast of the spider appeared in the Sariera country.

I know it immediately.

It must be that person.

The Sariera country is the immediate neighbor of the Outsu country where the doorway of the Elro Great Labyrinth is.

The distance and the taken days, both of the calculation matches.

Although the Outsu country and the empire try to conceal it desperately, the rumor of a monster defeat the empire's unit and in the end, that monster was taken out of the labyrinth spread.

Although it was not taken out, it's certain that person has gone out by some kind of method.

The story about the fort that protects the doorway of the Great Labyrinth was destroyed is impossible to be concealed anymore.

Appearing in this timing, and a monster that can destroy a fort. It must be that person.

And, the story about the Divine Beast that appeared in the Sariera country.

From what I heard, it repulses the bandits, heals the people, and hunts monsters.

Exactly a Guardian.

The suitable achievements to be called as the Divine Beast.

I who can't endure to stay here, ignore the confinement punishment and went to the Sariera country.

First of all, I transfer to the Outsu country which I have went before, and travel the highway from there.

Although the Transfer that seems to be versatile, it has the fault that it can only transfer to the place that I have went before.

Now that the previous Hero who's said to be a space magician better than me has passed away, the only one who can use it among the Humans is me.

The reason why Transfer is not used on the march is because of such a reason.

First of all, the biggest cause that the user is overwhelmingly few is because almost no one has the affinity with this magic.

Whether there's even one in 10000 people or not.

And, above all, the person must be able to handle complicated magic construction that can't be compared with the other magics.

If these two points are not cleared, it's impossible to handle "Space Magic".

And, that person uses it very easily.

Even I can't perceive most of the Transfer's omen.

The too natural space tremor.

It was a Transfer that seems to be beautiful.

I change the carriage, from the Outsu country to the Sariera country.

However, there was a trouble to enter the Sariera country from the Outsu country.

It seems that some incident happened for some reason, and tension seems to run between the two countries.

Really annoying.

Even though I don't have the time to loaf in such a place.

Although I was somewhat stopped, I force my way through with the power of money in the end.

Even though I'm at the present age, I'm an empire noble.

Money is thick on the ground.

Above all, I don't have a family.

Something like money that's only used by me is meaningless no matter how much I have.

Like that, I finally arrived at the Count Keren's territory of the Sariera country where there's the rumor of the Divine Beast.

However, the thing waiting for me there was something unexpected.

Divine Beast-sama was killed by the underling of the church.

That's said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ma-1: Magician, Apprenticeship
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Magician, apprenticeship

Author note: Ronant's point of view.

It's a lie.

I won't accept it.

That person can't be defeated by the underling of the church.

However, it's in fact a hot topic in the town.

The place where the Divine Beast was became a wretched state that can't be think that it was a small forest.

As if the ravages of the destruction that seemed to be a barrage of great magic.

The dregs of the dark magical power still remains.

Apparently, the magic of the dark system is used, but even I don't know the details.

"Darkness Magic", no, it can't be think that all these dark magical power still remains.

Then, is it the "Abyss Magic"?

"Abyss Magic".

The highest rank magic of the dark system that's assumed that it exists.

I have not seen the real thing too.

It was the first time for me when I saw that person has the skill.

Then, is this dregs of magical power the traces of that person using the "Abyss Magic"?

Although there's a weird feeling, the opponent must have been an opponent that the great magic must be used that left such influence like this.

It's tinged with truth suddenly that person was defeated.

I left the town that boiled to avenge Divine Beast-sama.

Even it's such a person, it will die when the time comes, huh?

This world is a wide thing.

Compared with it, I'm a petty thing.

I lose sight of my aim, and the living vitality is falling rapidly.

If I return to the empire, there might be some kind of punishment for breaking the confinement.

Although it should not be a severe punishment, that is troublesome now.

It might be fun to droop on a field somewhere, and die.

If I will die anyway, I suddenly think of isn't it better to die at the place where I met that person.

It was a good idea.

Now that it's decided, Transfer at once.

And, at the transferred destination, I meet that person again.

Although the appearance changed, I won't forget the intimidating air.

Although it split into two, my eyes can't be deceived.

Both are real.

What?

...As expected.

I never thought that it can even split.

It calmly accomplishes the things that I can't think of.

One of them is a white spider's appearance.

Although it was black when I saw it before, it shrinks and the color changes too.

However, the two sickles of its forefoot are there.

The other one is a black spider.

This one is slightly large.

There's no sickle and it seems to be just like the normal Taratect species.

Although I'm interested in how it split, it's probably the method that's impossible for me who has a human body to imitate.

Then, I should learn the things other than that.

I applied for apprenticeship when I noticed.

I talked passionately for several hours.

Apparently, it seems to be astonished.

Oops!

I lose myself and talk passionately too much.

However, with this, it's clear.

This person understands the Humans language.

Well, it's unthinkable that such a person can't understand words.

Even though it understands my words, there's no reaction.

Apparently, it won't accept me as an apprentice.

Having said that, it's not cruel.

Although it turned a silent killing intent to me after Transfer, it vanishes now.

For the time being, it seems that I won't be killed immediately.

Although it doesn't welcome me, it doesn't eliminate me.

It's like a stance of persisting abstention.

Then, I will observe this person's actions, and ascertain how this person reached the extremity of magic.

I decide so, and the observation began.

A few minutes after the observation begins.

I have the feeling that the world was overturned.

It's terrific.

That's the word for it.

When I met it at this place before, I notice it in a long distance.

It's the same as that time that it multiple activate several skills.

However, I understood that it's doing something aberrant with the body just by observing it carefully and closely than that time.

This person always activates the very small magic, and wears it in its body.

In addition, multiple magics too.

The ones that can be confirmed are dark, soil, wind, and light. These four kinds of magic is activated simultaneously.

A voice of admiration leaks out unintentionally to the too minute result of the magic.

What a minute magic.

Magic is the means for attack.

That means power is demanded from it, and powerless magic is unneeded.

Then, power is demanded for magic, and it's eternity that it becomes huge.

The very small magic that breaks the common sense.

Normally, these kind of things have no meaning.

However, I'm convinced.

This is the essence of the magic.

The ultimate secrets.

There's no troubles if it's only making it huge.

If I put my strength only on that, it can be done.

However, how about making it smaller?

It's no use to just reduce the power.

The precise construction technique is needed to make the fragile and small construction.

The magical power is poured into the fragile construction, and the delicate power adjustment demanded from the Magic Manipulation.

The polished technique is there that it's impossible to reach with strength.

I imitate the technique immediately.

At first, I experiment it with my forte, fire.

The result is a failure.

My whole body catches fire splendidly, and burns my body.

I extinguish it in a hurry, and laugh instinctively.

What a difficulty.

To carry out such an outrageous thing as if it's breathing!

Even though I tested various attributes after that, all the results were failures.

However, there was a gain.

Why I do such things? That's for the level raising of skills.

Every time I fail, I was able to confirm that the level of the skill rose.

Both the magic and the resistance.

Yes, this act that seems to be useless is actually the act to raise the skill level.

I always shoot very small magic to the extent that it won't damage my body by myself.

Who will think of such a thing?

Even if someone think of it, who will put it into practice?

There's always a new discovery when I'm with this person.

Because I didn't assume that it will become such a long journey, the foods seem to run out soon.

Should I go back to the town once?

No, I can't go back to the town because this is a once in a lifetime chance.

Ha, that's right.

Since I'm living with this person, isn't it fine that I take the same meal.

The meal that this person takes.

There must be something.

I have an upset stomach.

It was poisonous.

I thought that I was going to die.

However, as expected, this person is magnificent.

It's the first time that I hear of a title called Gross Feeder.

I must thank it for giving me the opportunity to acquire the title.

I will study on your side from now on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

175 Revival!

Several days after the middle-aged man settled down.

The babies returned with the preys again.

On this occasion, because the middle-aged man was about to be attacked, I stopped them.

After I stop them, I felt like it's fine even if I don't stop them, but oh, well.

It's a pleasant middle-aged man who I don't get tired of watching him. Although it's not necessary to keep him alive, it's not necessary to kill him.

I mean, babies.

If my eyes are not fine, is it an imagination that among the killed preys, there's a medium rank Earth Drake?

It should be a monster that's approximately equal with the eel and inhabits in the huge passage with quite high status.

Even though there's a violence of number, they have become able to defeat monster equal with the eel already.

What's with these excellent brats.

But, as expected, there's no one who evolves this time.

Well.

If they evolve two stages in this short term, as expected, I will feel down.

The time when I evolve for the second time was the time I defeat the monkeys, huh?

There was such thing too.

It's nostalgic now.

But, there are the guys who seem to evolve if they are dispatch another time.

They might become strong enough to be able to defeat the snake alone.

Of course the status is not equal to the snake, but because the skills are considerably improved, they really seem to be able to win against the snake.

After all, the time when I defeat the snake was when I was weaker and my skills are also poorer.

If they have the average man's thinking ability like me, the snake seems to be defeated easily if the babies make full use of the present status and the skills, but as expected, they are not that intelligent.

Not, right?

I will be slightly suspicious if they are that excellent.

Well, it's a good thing that the pieces are excellent.

Thanks to that, I don't have to do anything, and I can slack.

The babies put the preys, and left immediately again.

Umu.

Splendid.

｛Hey, is it an imagination that they are more excellent than me?｝

It's an imagination.

Just decide it to be like that.

Queen-in-charge became quite huge in these several days.

When the middle-aged man came, she was only slightly bigger than me, but now, she has grow up to the Greater's size.

If it's the border of the upper layer and the middle layer that's this place, the wideness is enough, but it doesn't seems that she can move with that size freely in the upper layer.

Should she return to the bottom layer with Transfer when the Demon King disappears?

But, the Demon King might return to the bottom layer with some kind of impulse again.

What should I do?

Should I let her stay here like this?

It's possible to live in this area, and if there are the babies, there's no problem in food.

She can escape to the middle layer if something happened, so the location is not bad.

That might be good.

Either way, we will stay here until complete recovery for the time being.

I must cope with the adaptation to circumstances depending on the Demon King's movement.

Speaking of the Demon King, it seems that she have started a fierce battle with the Earth Dragon in the bottom layer.

There are nine Earth Dragons that exist in the bottom layer..

It's certain because I confirmed it by the Skill Search.

And, when I measure the rough strength from the Queen's memory, they are slightly weaker than the Queen.

In case of the numerical value of the status, the weak one is 7000 in average.

If it's a strong one, 18000 in average.

It's considerably stronger than Alaba.

There are nine of such thing.

Although I don't know why she is fighting with such party, it seems that a grand killing of the Earth Dragons and the Demon King is happening in the bottom layer.

The reason why I know it is because I peep with "Thousand Miles Eye".

This skill is amazing.

Although there should be quite a distance to the bottom layer, I can see it.

When I watch it with the "Thousand Miles Eye", Maou-sama is strange after all.

It seems that the Earth Dragons cooperate somehow, make something like a barrier and shut the Demon King, but the Demon King breaks through it and kill the Earth Dragons one by one.

As if 1 to 9 is nothing.

There are no puppets that are used when fighting with me probably because the barrier obstruct "Summon", but still, she's overwhelming the Earth Dragons.

It looks like the Earth Dragons can only gain time with the barrier.

The Earth Dragons that gain time while escaping.

And, they moved around the bottom layer.

However, the stalling seems to be over soon.

The remaining Earth Dragons are three.

Looking at them, they are big shots of the quasi-Mother class, but it can't win the Demon King.

To be frank, the Earth Dragons have no chance to win.

The status is too different.

Rather, I'm admired oppositely that they managed to survive well against that monster.

In the first place, I wonder why the Earth Dragons oppose the Demon King.

Instructions of Gyurigyuri?

But, in that case, Gyurigyuri seems to intervene, but at present, there's no such state.

Well, it's no use even if I think about the things that I don't know any further.

The important one is the Demon King is still confined in the bottom layer.

Even though the Earth Dragons are nearing their limits, I consider that they can hold out for another two or three days.

In other words, I will be able to move freely in about two days.

Fufufu.

And, my status finally revived.

My body size returns to normal.

The Demon King is not here.

I who completely revived.

Then, there's no problem even if I move freely!

Thus, I will go out!

｛Aye｝

I will leave the house-watching to you!

｛Aye｝

Ah, take care of that middle-aged man too.

｛Isn't that fine to leave him?｝

Even though the middle-aged man repeated eccentric behavior, somehow, his skill level rises.

Uncover the secrets.

｛No no. Even if I uncover the secrets, I don't want to do such a self-destruction thing｝

Well, that's true.

Well, just take care of him suitably.

｛Suitably, huh?｝

Then, at first, let's go to see what happened to the town where the Vampire child lives after that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-27: Side 27 - The Remnants of the Nightmare
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S27 The Remnants of the Nightmare

That is on the rock.

The eight red eyes watch me coldly.

The size is not very big.

But, the presence is larger than any other monsters that I have seen so far.

I can't move.

The others are the same too.

We can't move even an inch at all like we hardened.

It seems that our hearts have been tightly held by the figure of the white spider monster.

［Hero?］

Suddenly, a voice is heard.

It's not as a sound.

It was Telepathy.

It's not something turned to me.

I only tapped the Telepathy that's sent to someone.

［Hero］

And, that 'someone' was there before I know it.

It was all over the place.

［Ruler?］

［Ruler］

［Ruler］

［Impossible to appraise?］

［Impossible to appraise］

［Impossible to appraise］

［Ruler?］

［Ruler］

［Ruler］

［Reincarnated people?］

［Reincarnated people］

［Reincarnated people］

［But, weak?］

［Weak］

［Weak weak］

The voice of Telepathy that sounds here and there.

Before I know it, the floor, the wall, the ceiling, they were everywhere.

Countless red eyes.

As far as I can see, they are white.

My thought stops because of the overwhelmed scene.

No, think.

These guys make full use of the language with proper intention.

There is an inexcusable word in those words.

「Do you know about the reincarnators!?」

I make up my mind and speak.

Although I know that Basgas-san have his eyes opened wide, I must ask this by all means.

［I know it］

［I know it］

［There's no way that I don't know］

The answers came back.

Mutual understanding is possible.

These guys are not monsters without intelligence.

「Why do you know it?」

［Master］

［Master］

［Mother］

［Mother］

「Is the Master a reincarnated person?」

［You will know soon］

［You will know it soon］

［You will know it immediately］

［You will know at once］

「What do you mean?」

［Declaration］

［Sentence］

［The beginning of end］

［The world starts］

［The world ends］

The white shadows gradually disappear.

「Wait! What do you mean!?」

［There's no meaning to know it］

［You will die anyway］

［Everyone will die］

［Struggle and survive］

I felt that we were told so with the meaning of overlooking us till then.

And, the Remnants of the Nightmare disappeared in front of us.

「You fool!」

Basgas-san's fist catches my face.

I received the fist contentedly without resisting.

Hyrinth-san pinions Basgas-san who was going to strike me.

「I should have said it! That Lad's comrades might die by your thoughtless actions!」

Basgas-san shouts his anger while being pinioned.

It's the force that seems to break loose from Hyrinth-san at any moment.

「Now, now. Because it end up safe like this, isn't it fine?」

Sensei intercedes, and Basgas-san stops moving.

Although it seems that his anger still haven't settled down, it doesn't seem that he will act violently any further.

「I'm sorry. I have something that I must ask by all means」

「Even if everyone dies?」

I'm stared.

When it's said so, I can't say anything.

「It's fine if Lad dies by yourself. But, don't drag other people into it. If you want to suicide, do it yourself」

「Basgas-san, you're saying too much」

Although Sensei chided Basgas-san, Basgas-san is more right.

For the reasons that I want to know, I took an arbitrary action against the other party who's the dangerous Remnants of the Nightmare.

Basgas-san pushes Hyrinth-san aside.

Did he judge that he won't act violently anymore? Hyrinth-san released Basgas-san easily.

Basgas-san lean on the rock in a slightly remote place, and sat down.

If I see properly, his expression is bad.

Basgas-san said that he encountered the Nightmare in the old days.

The trauma might have been stimulated.

When I see the others again, Katia and Anna sit down, and Hyrinth-san has a slight pale face.

Only Sensei who looked calm.

「Are you all right?」

I talk to Katia and Anna who sat down.

「I can't stand up」

「I'm ashamed」

They look up at me with the face that seems to cry.

The goose bumps stood too, so they are very scared and it's unpleasant.

Even though they have a relatively small build as a monster, being surrounded by big spiders is of course unpleasant.

Even I felt unpleasant, so the woman group is all the more.

「How can Sensei keep calm?」

「No. I'm not calm, you know? Although the appearance is cute, the contents were slightly creepy」

「Cute....」

Ah, that was not a character making, but she really liked it.

After all, Sensei likes strange things since the previous existence.

Although I thought that it's a part of the character making, it seems that she seriously like something like spiders.

It's unexpected.

「By the way, what do you think about what those children said?」

Many mysterious words that the Remnants of the Nightmare said.

「I don't know. There's too little information」

In the first place, what on earth are those monsters called as the Remnants of the Nightmare?

Because they found out our information, it's certain that they have a high level "Appraisal" skill.

In addition, the intelligence that can understand human speech.

The stealth nature that gathered that much without being noticed by me.

The cooperation between comrades making full use of the Telepathy.

Even a fragment has such ability.

What if it becomes a fight....

I don't think that I can win.

「The beginning of end. Everyone will die, huh?」

The nightmarish ominous words.

Only that was stuck in my head and didn't leave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

176 Spare body talks

I am Queen-in-charge.

There's no name yet.

To be frank, rather than Queen-in-charge, I'm already the Queen.

Does the main body realize this?

Although I'm connected with the main body, I have become an almost different existence.

Not only me.

The others of the Parallel Wills that attack the Queen and the Demon King through the soul are more or less producing the difference with the main body.

Although I think that it's probably because we take the others' souls, the present us are different people from the main body.

Originally, we Parallel Wills didn't have the concept of a body.

All Parallel Wills were the same, and there was no relation of the top and the bottom.

Only the charge is different.

Each one of us work as a different will while the root is completely the same.

That was us.

That has changed now.

It's decided that the will remained in the original body to be the main body, and the pyramid that the other wills became the lower rank was completed.

Although I don't know whether the main body realizes it or not, we have fall low to the accessories of the main body.

Well, there's no dissatisfaction with it.

It's just that the existence called me has separated from the main body as the Queen.

At present, there's no absurd order given by the main body.

The present main body has the right to order us.

I mean, she holds our life and death.

If the main body feels like it, we will be absorbed into the main body, and we will actually die.

That's why, we can't go against the main body.

Well, at present, the main body doesn't seem to have such intention.

She prepared my new body after all.

To be frank, if it's only to recover me, she didn't need to prepare a body.

Because I just have to let my soul to be absorbed by the main body's soul.

In that case, the existence called me will merge into the main body and disappears.

Did the main body avoids it instinctively?

Doing things like this don't have much difference with the Demon King.

The Demon King created the Queen as her spare body.

The Queen breeds and the species named the Taratect species was created.

The Demon King rules over it.

This is the true army of the Demon King.

The pyramid that the Demon King was made as the top.

The difference with us is whether there's a will or not.

The Queen is only a tool for the Demon King.

Even though it's a powerful monster to that extent, it only has a weak will that was devoured by me.

And yet, the intelligence is quite high.

It's like a computer rather than a creature.

Although the operation function is excellent, it's a living machine that has neither will nor feelings.

The Queen was such an existence.

It lives mechanically, lays eggs to increase the pieces and leave the eggs.

If they grow up to some extent, they will be placed under its control.

It's a monster of the production line that follows the manual like some kind of factory.

And, the foreign substance that entered in it was me.

Me, or rather, it's the main body.

The soul of the main body and me is still connected strongly just like the old days.

But, with almost the same strength, she fuses with the other souls.

In my case, it's the Queen.

Thanks to the fact that the Queen's will is weak, there's no influence in thought.

But, I as the existence is totally different from before already.

Well, therefore, nothing is wrong.

At present, there's no harmful effect.

However, did the main body judge instinctively that the Parallel Wills shouldn't be increased and mutate like this? Even if the skill level of the "Parallel Will" rises, there's no new will that appeared.

She only use magic in the degree of using it unconsciously.

It looks like the idiot main body always shoot very small magics on herself for some reason, and the skill level rises.

Unconsciously.

In case of my guess, I think that it's the "Parallel Will" skill that can't be expressed as a will.

If it's the present main body, can't the main body do the similar movement as me when I was the Magic-in-charge without separating the will?

I mean, I laughed when the middle-aged man have begun to imitate the main body.

The middle-aged man destroys himself, and the main body says that guy is a fool unconsciously even though he is imitating her.

Because it was interesting, I didn't tell the truth.

After the main body left with Transfer, the middle-aged man stays.

Somehow, in these past several days, he seems to grasp something.

When I see it, his magic construction becomes considerably precise.

In addition, the level of the "Magic Manipulation" skill rose as well.

It considerably decreased to destroy himself thoughtlessly like the time when he came here.

But still, he sometimes destroys himself.

Because I was also free, I decided to raise the skills.

The skills of the main body link with me.

If I raise my skills, the skills of the main body should rise too.

Well, even if I intend to raise my skill level, I can't raise it immediately like the main body.

My skills are borrowed from the main body.

The skills as the Queen have already been absorbed into the main body.

It's not only the skills that were absorbed though.

So even if I intend to raise the skill level, it doesn't rise easily because it's borrowed.

But still, I can accumulate the skill proficiency.

I activate the very small magic like the main body, and wears it on myself.

Mu.

This is unexpectedly difficult.

Although the main body always did this unconsciously, if it's me, it's difficult to deploy it always.

I understood the reason why the middle-aged man kept destroying himself.

The middle-aged man looks at me who activates the magic with sparkling eyes.

No, even if you look at me with such eyes, I'm not happy.

Ah, my concentration breaks and the magic was disordered.

I erase the magic before it explodes.

Shit.

I activate the newly learned "Ice Magic" with full power like venting my anger.

Although it's only a low rank magic that shoots ice, if it's my status, the power becomes outrageous.

I keep the size of the ice as it is, raise the density of the ice and the shooting speed tremendously, and shoot it.

Can the density of the ice changed?

Although you will think like that, the ice generated in this world can do such a thing.

The weight and strength increase equivalent to the raised density of the ice.

By the way, because the generated ice will return to magical power by time progression, thirst can't be healed even if the ice is eaten.

It's really fantasy.

The shot ice makes a hole in the wall of the labyrinth.

Fu.

It will even penetrate the former world's tank.

Now that my feeling is cleared, let's continue the skill raising.

Ossan, don't give me such a hard look.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

177 Inside the Demon King

I am Maou-in-charge.

There's no name yet.

Hello.

I'm the spare body that's possessing the Demon King.

Present?

It's very bad.

The start was the present main body that's the Information-in-charge at that time, found out the existence that interfered our souls.

Apparently, it seems that we are connected to the other party by the soul. Then, it's planned to rule from here oppositely using the connection.

The method dispatched we Parallel Wills, and it was the method to erode the other party's soul.

I who was the Body-in-charge at that time, boarded into this strategy willingly.

After all, speaking of Body-in-charge, a pitiful frame.

My existence value becomes the maximum when peeling the scales.

Pitiful me.

A once in a life time opportunity to escape from such a pitiful position.

There was no way that I will miss it.

But hold on.

Then, I had a bad feeling when it became the step that who will be in charge of the Demon King that seems to be the most dangerous.

Un.

I was selected unanimously.

Damn it.

And, I have begun to pick a fight with Mother who interfered us and the Demon King who's the top and the origin of the Taratect species secretly.

I wait and see what happens first without moving.

First of all, I start from capturing the surrounding Queens.

Although the Queens are under the control of the Demon King, she didn't give the Queens firm ego like us.

Thanks to that, even if the Queens are eroded little by little, they didn't notice..

The erosion to the Queens continued steadily and quietly.

The situation changed after "Taboo" reached max level.

The main body became enraged.

Well, really.

Although I understand her feelings, is it enough to be enraged to that extent?

It looks like only me who thought so.

Although I understand it now, I think that the others including the main body except me, ate another person's soul and received the influence.

Only I alone didn't attack the Demon King yet.

I think that the main body received the influence by spare bodies' feedback.

I think that at this time, we have definitely begun to separate from the main body.

And, finally, the time when I attack the Demon King came.

Well, I was very scared.

After all, it's the Demon King.

I start hacking the Demon King's soul.

She found out immediately.

As expected of the Demon King.

Although it was a deduction that she didn't notice her subordinates, the Queens are being attacked, at the moment when she received the attack, she noticed my existence.

Furthermore, it looks like she noticed the present condition of the Queens.

Even though it's likely her first time to received an outside attack through the soul, the action was quick.

At first, the Demon King tried to eliminate me.

The result is a failure.

I'm a mind body of the soul.

Physical attack doesn't have any significance in order to eliminate me, and it must be the ability to interfere the soul like the Heresy Attack.

But, we have the "Heresy Nullity".

The elimination of us is impossible with the attacks in the system.

I understood the impatience of the Demon King very clearly.

But, we don't have the composure to that extent.

Even though it's nullified, it doesn't mean that there's no way to attack.

It's just that there's no damage, but the Heresy Attack has the effect to delay my actions.

Because of that, the erosion advanced only slowly.

The Demon King went for the next action immediately.

She can't defeat us who are mind bodies.

Then, there's only one method.

She has to defeat our main body.

The Demon King located the main body's location by the connection of the soul that we used oppositely.

Fortunately, the Demon King was at a quite remote place from the Elro Great Labyrinth where the main body was.

In addition, she can't use the Transfer magic.

Still, the Demon King starts moving.

She was very fast.

Although the main body was also confident in speed, the Demon King's speed was abnormal.

I understood that the main body will lose if this is fought directly.

I erode while the Demon King moves.

Thanks to that, I succeeded in linking some information.

A part of the Demon King's memory, five senses, etc, come to be shared.

Among that, there was the Demon King's status, and I recognized that this is bad.

The Demon King has come close to the Elro Great Labyrinth at last.

But, apparently, the main body is not in the Elro Great Labyrinth anymore.

Did she perceived the Demon King's approach, and run away successfully?

I also had the time when I thought so.

The main body that I thought to have ran away, makes a base near the town somewhere, and seems to stay there grandly.

This is bad.

This is the Demon King attack event.

I must inform it to the main body quick.

But, a problem occurred here.

The soul of me and the Demon King fused quite deeply at this point in time.

To be frank, it's a level that's already inseparable.

If I separate it forcibly, either of the soul, or the worst, both souls will collapse.

Besides, I'm always restrained by the Demon King, so I can't move freely.

It's the end.

The main body showed her stupidity for not noticing the Demon King's approach, and was beaten completely by the Demon King just as I thought.

Although it looks like she manage to survive at the last moment, the situation is not good.

The Demon King and I have fused considerably deep.

In other words, if I disappear, the Demon King will know it.

Even though the main body was defeated, I didn't disappear.

The Demon King knows it.

The Demon King understood that the main body didn't die.

But, she didn't understand what kind of trick was used.

For the time being, she go to eliminate the Queen that has been eroded.

She enters the Elro Great Labyrinth.

She reaches the bottom layer in no time, and kill the Queen very easily.

Seriously a monster.

Up to there was the Demon King's assumption.

Next, she looks like she's going to crush the new main body that seems to be in this labyrinth.

Bad.

Very bad.

When the main body dies, we probably will die like a chain reaction.

This is bad.

But, they stopped the Demon King who step forward.

The Earth Dragons that stay in the bottom layer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

178 Demon King vs Earth Dragon

「What are you planning? I think that it's an agreement violation that you interfere me」

『That is the agreement exchanged between our master and you. We follow it if it's the master's life. Unfortunately, we are not told to not oppose you』

Kieeeeeaaaaaaaa, it spokeeeeeeeee!!!

No no.

Is this guy serious?

It spoke.

The Demon King and the Earth Dragons that face each other.

The Earth Dragon that has the biggest physique and has the appearance of an old Dragon among them, made full use of the Telepathy and talked with the Demon King.

I mean, it looks like the Demon King knew that the Earth Dragon can speak because she was not perturbed when it spoke willingly.

「Sophism, huh? So? What's the reason for you to oppose me to the extent that you go against your master?」

『Don't you think that the old should be eliminated by now?』

「What do you mean?」

I guess I'm treated as an outsider.

No, well, that's obvious though.

Someone, please explain it to me.

What's the relationship between the Earth Dragon and the Demon King?

Guessing from the conversation, they don't seem close.

I mean, isn't it hostile relationship?

Fumu.

I don't know.

At such a time, I can only peep.

It's going to be a little rude.

I invade the Demon King's soul a little.

The soul and body trembles at the same time.

Ah, sorry.

Endure it a little.

I peep and see the Demon King's memory.

Although she attacked me to eliminate me somehow, I was able to draw out the aimed memory.

Because the erosion rate rose considerably, I came to be able to do things like this.

According to the drawn Demon King's memory, it seems that the Earth Dragons are Gyurigyuri's subordinates.

Ah.

Now that it's said, I can agree.

When I thought why something like Dragon exist in this world, it was created as Gyurigyuri's subordinate.

Does the main body know this?

She seems to know it.

I only know about the outline of the "Taboo", so it's not strange even if there's a description about Gyurigyuri in that.

After all, Gyurigyuri is the Administrator of this world.

It's unthinkable that there's nothing about Gyurigyuri who's the Administrator of this world in the "Taboo" that's the matter related to the root of this world.

Muu.

I feel that the feedback from the main body has decreased recently.

I also have the awareness that I'm changing a little, so isn't this possibly bad?

『The new wind is blowing. Oldest Divine Beast, isn't it the time for us old ones to leave the world?』

「What a joke. Then, do you intent to entrust everything to the new ones? The result to entrust everything is the present situation, isn't it? They must at least be an old existence like me who butts in」

The Demon King floats a callous smile.

Although I can't see the Demon King's expression because I can only see the Demon King's point of view, the Demon King at such a time is in a bad mood.

After I possess this person, I intend to understand the Demon King's personality, but mostly, she's always displeased.

Well, if a foreign substance like me clings to the soul, of course she will be displeased.

Even if that is left out, this person's bottom of the feeling is always boiled.

The world is hated, endless anger.

It's the anger that I can't help thinking that why she don't have the "Wrath" skill.

When I think that she kept this much anger in the bottom of her feelings since the old times, I admire the extraordinary patience.

But, finally, the patience was at the limit.

That's why, the Demon King bestirs herself.

I appeared there.

The Demon King have no choice but to move.

She thought that she would act to the extent to incite the Demons while seeing the state for a while, but the existence called me didn't allow it.

Even if she abandons everything, she must eliminate me.

And, at this place visited as a part of the action, she received the Earth Dragons' interference for some reason.

『Oldest Divine Beast, we don't understand why are you aiming at a person. We don't, but we can guess that you are cornered. Is that person cornering you? Or, is it just our wrong guess?』

The Demon King's displeasure increases.

Like venting her anger, I mean, I'm the person concerned, the attack becomes stronger.

『That person is a strong person who defeated our brethren. It is not an existence that you can harm easily now』

「That's why, the Dragon species is always like this」

The Demon King grumbled as she was disgusted.

『The strong person is a precious existence to that extent. That person especially, reached to the extent that it can defeat our brethren in a short time』

Precious?

Me?

「Nai wa」

Nai wa

Hmm?

The Demon King and I who become speechless.

After a while, The Demon King scratched her head hard.

「So? After all, you don't have the intention to withdraw, right?」

『Of course. We are included in the old ones that should be perished. Stop the Oldest Divine Beast. There is no better stage than this』

「Just be carried away as you please. I will only bite and tear everything」

The Demon King moves.

The Dragons also move at the same time.

The Dragons activate the skill.

"Divine Dragon Barrier".

The powerful unrivaled absolute defense skill that has the effect of the magic obstruction of the Dragon species and the physical wall.

The most troublesome point of this skill is, let alone magic, but the effect of all skills is negated.

In order to destroy this barrier, there's nothing but to either use pure physical ability to break it or hold down the obstruction with the power more than that.

In other words, either way, the only method is to overpower it.

It's an extremely outrageous skill that it won't even be a match if the power to break this barrier is not owned.

Besides, the barrier activate now is not an ordinary barrier.

It's an original barrier that has "Space Magic" mixed in it.

The multiple barrier by the combined skill that the Earth Dragons newly think out.

The Demon King's "Space Magic" level is low.

In other words, she doesn't have the means to break the "Space Magic".

In addition, the Earth Dragons don't attack assertively, but retreating like escaping while keeping a fixed distance.

Hey, the escape prevention "Great Demon King" skill is not working.

Ah, the escape obstruction of the "Great Demon King" only shows its effect when the opponent leaves more than the fixed distance or when the opponent tries to Transfer.

I see.

That's why, the Earth Dragons are keeping a fixed distance.

I mean, isn't this a great chance?

Yosh.

Let's advance the erosion before it's too late.

Prepare yourself, Maou.

Know that the true enemy is not the Earth Dragons, but me.

It was decided.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

179 Demon King of Gluttony

The Demon King runs after the Earth Dragons.

The Earth Dragons obstruct the pursuit.

The Demon King runs after the Earth Dragons while breaking the barrier generated by the nine Earth Dragons.

The Earth Dragons reconstructs the destroyed barrier, and nine of them make an exquisite rotation and confine the Demon King.

Although it seems to be equal in offense and defense, the result is decided.

The Earth Dragons have no way to win in this match.

That's why, the perfect confinement.

Stalling.

And, a detour suicide.

The Earth Dragons are strong.

Especially, the individual that seems to be the leader who talked with the Demon King with Telepathy, is terribly strong.

Every kind of the status numerical value are approximately 18000.

It's the result that I see by using the Demon King's "Appraisal" skill without permission.

It the strongest monster that I have seen so far.

The remaining eight are strong too.

After all, 5 out of the 8 have the status average of more than 10000.

The remaining three have the status more than 10000 partly, and they are not weak.

The average status of the weakest individual is around 7000 after all.

To say this as weak...

But still, they can't win.

Against this Demon King.

Among the nine Earth Dragons, six of them have the "Divine Dragon Barrier" skill.

The remaining three only have the "Dragon Barrier" that's the deteriorated skill.

So these six become the center, and are in charge of the barrier of the Demon King surrounding.

To be frank, the low powered "Dragon Barrier" can't even confine the Demon King.

The role of the three that don't have the "Divine Dragon Barrier" is to make walls by "Soil Magic".

With this, the Demon King can be stopped even a little.

But, the effect is not so favorable.

The Demon King penetrates the generated soil walls very easily, and charges forward.

What's with this nonsensical creature?

Although she has the human figure, she's completely a monster, right?

A woman t*rminator?

I'm not surprised even if the insides are made of metal.

When I think of the present feeling of the Earth Dragons being chased by it, namu.

And, I'm interested since a while ago, what happens to the MP or SP of this person?

Although the number displayed in the status is ridiculously high, the stock is added more than usual.

The unique skill, "Gluttony" that's probably the final evolution of the "Satiation" skill that my main body has.

By the effect, the Demon King's HP, MP and SP have an outrageous +stock value.

What's with the +99999?

There's no way such a numerical value can be reduced no matter how a person struggles, right?

But, this is not the thing that I'm interested in.

Her SP doesn't decrease at all.

On the contrary, it's even increasing.

If it's the HP and MP, there's the automatic recovery skill, so it's not strange.

But, the SP should only recover by eating.

The secret is because the SP recovers whenever the Demon King moves her mouth.

When the Demon King move her mouth like chewing something, a part of the Earth Dragons' barrier vanishes.

Rather than vanish, it's better to said that it's shaved off.

And, she chews.

Whenever she swallows, her SP recovers.

The secret is in the effect of "Gluttony".

『Gluttony：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. It becomes possible to devour everything, and it can be stocked as pure energy. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

『Ruler of Gluttony：Acquisition skill 「Abundant Sky LV1」 「Sublimation」：Acquisition condition：Acquisition of 「Gluttony」：Effect：Each ability of HP, MP and SP rise. A＋correction whenever status strengthening-type skill proficiency gained. The Ruler class privilege is acquired：Explanation：The title presented to those who rule gluttony』

In other words, the Demon King eats the Earth Dragons' barrier using the effect of "Gluttony".

And, it's converted into energy, and restores the SP.

Although all the Sin-type skills have broken abilities, among that, this "Gluttony" is outrageously terrific in combat.

After all, it's similar to the pseudo perpetual motion.

The weakest Earth Dragon that got impatient releases the breath.

The breath of the power that seems to destroy everything.

If the opponent is not the Demon King, the attack would surely be effective.

That's if the opponent is not the Demon King of Gluttony.

The Demon King opens her mouth.

The Earth Dragon's breath is sucked into the Demon King's mouth.

Chew.

And, she swallows it as if nothing happened.

It's like this to eat everything.

The level as a skill is different from my "Satiation".

Not only food, but even the stone, soil, and metal are eaten, and even eats the opponent's attack.

Every one of them return as energy.

That's the power of "Gluttony".

Let alone the offense and defense, but it has the worst ability to make up for sustainability.

If it's seen as the pure combat ability, it's a more frightening skill than my "Pride".

The tag of the Demon King and the Earth Dragons restarts.

Thanks to the "Divine Dragon Barrier", stalling can be done.

Even if she has the "Gluttony" skill, the "Divine Dragon Barrier" can't be broken quickly.

But, the Earth Dragons that maintained the barrier and restore it whenever it's broken, are exhausted steadily.

On the other hand, the more the Demon King eats, the more she recovers.

There's no way they can win against such a cheating opponent.

Generally, the difference with the original status is too much..

The Earth Dragons are strong.

The dreadful status that even veiled the Earth Dragons.

The ridiculous status that's about 90000 in average.

The Demon King's manipulated thread pass through the gap of the eaten barrier and coils one of the Earth Dragons.

The Earth Dragon is the individual with the lowest status.

It was the individual that had the highest status that the thread aimed.

It jumped to the front of the thread by itself to protect it.

The thread takes the life of the Earth Dragon mercilessly.

Even though it was the weakest in this place, the Earth Dragon that's the leading big shot in this labyrinth died very easily.

The remaining Earth Dragon is 8.

They still challenge the fight that can't be won.

Sorry.

It seems to be impossible to take over the Demon King while you guys are doing your best.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

180 Spare body moves

Well then, although the main body went out triumphantly, the situation is not good.

Although I don't know why the bottom layer's Earth Dragons oppose the Demon King, I don't think that they can win the fight against the Demon King.

I who inherited the Queen's memory, grasp the ability of the Earth Dragons to some extent because I was the resident of the same bottom layer.

Although the leader of the Earth Dragons is strong, still, it's not equal to the Queen.

Even if it comes in crowd, it's meaningless before the overwhelming Demon King's status and the cheat-like skills.

Somehow, the Earth Dragons challenge the Demon King to a fight while understanding that.

Otherwise, there's no way that the proud Earth Dragons will take a withdrawing strategy that's clearly a stalling.

But, I don't understand why the Earth Dragons are stalling.

What are they waiting for?

Gyurigyuri?

No, even though the Demon King is moving this showy, I think that man will not participate because he still hasn't appear at this point in time.

It's hard to think that Gyurigyuri who has the Administrator's authority don't grasp the state of his own subordinates.

I think that he leaves them while knowing that.

Then, it means that the reason the Earth Dragons attack the Demon King is their own judgment.

The Earth Dragons that stayed in the bottom layer for a long time have challenged the Demon King who's a far higher opponent.

I don't know the intention.

it's no use even if I think about the things that I don't know any further.

I will also move ignoring the main body's intention like the Earth Dragons that move arbitrarily ignoring Gyurigyuri's intention.

Ah, test test.

Can you hear me, ladies?

〈Loud and clear, over〉

（Same here, over）

〔Same here, over〕

「Same here, over」

Un.

As expected, there's no response from the Maou-in-charge.

〈Eh? What happened?〉

The Maou-in-charge is continuing the attack to the Demon King.

On the other hand, the Demon King fights back desperately.

To be frank, I think that she don't have the time to communicate with us.

〔Seriously? I mean, what about the playing dead strategy?〕

Ah, that, huh?

Probably, the Demon King already knows the fact that we are not dead.

（That's bad!）

Otherwise, I don't know why the Maou-in-charge attacks arbitrarily.

「When it comes to that, should we also move?」

Un.

Because the main body is in high spirits after reviving, I contacted instead of her.

（Roger. Then, I will begin to act）

How's everyone's erosion rate?

〈I guess around 85%〉

（A little over 80%）

〔Around 70%?〕

「Um, around 60%」

Low.

「It can't be helped! I'm the last one who got generated after all!」

Well, yeah.

Can you make it as fast as possible?

〔I'm doing it fast so far, you know?〕

With that in consent.

（You are fairly impatient. Did something bad happen?）

Although this still don't have any positive proof, the Demon King and the Maou-in-charge are having a considerable close fight unlike us.

And, she is eroding the Demon King somehow, but there's a feeling of being taken oppositely.

〈That's bad!〉

Although I don't know which one will fall first, she might be taken in the worst case.

（This is bad. When it becomes like that, the cheating direct soul attack can't be used）

〔Then, will it become a serious match with the Demon King?〕

「With that?」

Yeah.

I want to raise the forces of the main body even a little now.

That's why, I want you all to take over the Queens as fast as possible.

〔All right. I understood the situation〕

〈I will begin it immediately〉

My best regards.

Fuu.

With this, the other Queen-in-charges have start to move.

As expected, the main body knows that it's too dangerous to move in a weakened state, but now that she has revived, she shouldn't fall behind easily except the Demon King.

Because she's in high spirits after reviving, she might make a blunder at an unexpected point though.

Let's pray that she don't make any blunder.

Is there anything that I can do?

The best would be waiting for the status recovery quietly with the meaning of strengthening the forces.

After all, even though it's borrowed, I have the same strength as the main body.

If I revive, the forces will simply double with that alone.

This is big.

However, my recovery is considerably slower than the main body.

Although my body grows bigger pointlessly, the essential status doesn't recovers to that extent.

It seems to take more time until complete recovery.

Then, I shouldn't move unskillfully.

It's better to make a blunder rather than moving forcibly in a weakened state.

I decided to wait for the recovery quietly.

Now, I can only pray that the main body and the spare bodies to do well.

Especially, the Maou-in-charge is considerably important.

The future development will change completely by the Maou-in-charge's success or failure.

If possible, I have the feeling of wanting to help the Maou-in-charge, but I can't do it.

I from the start and the other Queen-in-charges have already fused with the Queens more than half, so it's impossible to move easily with only the soul like before.

The reason why I was able to move to the egg is that I moved together with the existence called the Queen.

I did an incarnation.

I can't exist as a soul anymore.

I have changed like this.

Then, in order to assist the Maou-in-charge, the main body must generate new Parallel Will.

But, I expect that the main body will not produce any Parallel Will anymore.

I think that the present state is a last-minute line.

It's possible to split while remaining intact with the main body's soul.

To produce Parallel Will means nothing but splitting the soul.

When more Parallel Will is produced, the main body's soul will wear out steadily.

Because the soul of the Queens and the Demon King have been absorbed by the influence of the skill, the main body's soul becomes a distorted condition.

If she produce more Parallel Will any further.

The worst case is the soul will collapse.

In other words, it's death.

Even if she has the "Immortality" in the system, she can't revive if the soul collapses.

It's tough that I can only wait.

Please, everyone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I'm back. Back to normal speed. And, I'm at outside now, so I can't update the TOC yet.

181 It becomes something terrible

I transfer from the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Because they will probably be confused if I who have died appear suddenly, I transfer to a position far from the town this time.

I see the state of the town with "Thousand Miles Eyes" for the time being.

Hmm?

Somehow, isn't the number of soldiers little?

The number of adventurers is also little.

It has decrease by half.

What does this mean?

Oh, well.

The Vampire child is the same as before.

She's growing quickly and healthily in the mansion.

My Babies grow faster though.

It's not good to compare her with that.

Huh?

The town chief who's the father of the Vampire child is not there either.

Hmm.

Neither the soldier nor the adventurer are there.

The town chief as well.

But, the town's function is working properly.

Is there even a war happening somewhere?

If a powerful monster appeared and must be subjugated, the town chief doesn't need to leave.

The town chief was quite strong as far as I have seen.

As a human though.

Then, it's possible that the soldiers and some adventurers are led by a person who's has the commander-like position, and depart.

Although it's possible, in that case, the possibility that it's a war rather than a monster subjugation is higher.

Did it possibly become a war with the country of the middle-aged man who I killed?

There was such a conversation before receiving the Demon King's attack.

But, is that really serious?

Although I certainly thought that it was a threat to the extent to make diplomacy advantageous, it was serious.

Religion is terrible.

However, it's still a guess.

It's not confirmed that the war really started.

In order to confirm it, I want to gather information a little in the town.

New skill, "Concealment" activate.

Although this skill is evolved from "Camouflage", it looks like it has the effect of removing the things that I want to hide from the other party's recognition.

In other words, if I use this skill on myself, my figure won't be recognized.

Up until now, because of the Fear Bringer title, the stealth-type skills that have become half dead, finally, were able to revive.

The Fear Bringer title's effect is to give fear to those who saw my figure.

In other words, if my figure is not seen, it won't show the effect.

I have already confirmed that not recognizing = invisible.

With this, I can act secretly to my heart's content.

I turn on the "Concealment" and the "Stealth", and turn off the intimidation-type skill like "Emperor" and the other skills that I activate always.

I break through the town's defense network easily, and the invasion succeeded without being noticed by anyone.

I eavesdrop on the resident's conversation while moving along the roof of the house.

Yes, outbreak of war confirmed!

It's already a hot topic in the town.

If I walk a little, war, war.

Rather, there are fewer people who speak of other things.

It seemed to have become a war with the country named Outsu country.

As expected, the Outsu country is the country of the middle-aged man who I assassinated.

Besides, it seems to be the country where the exit of the Elro Great Labyrinth is there.

It's hostile with the Sariera country for many years because of the difference of religion, and the monster that destroyed their fort is worshiped as the Divine Beast in the enemy country.

Of course, that's not amusing judging from the Outsu country.

The Outsu country is the religion called Divine Word Religion.

The Sariera country is Goddess Religion.

As the scale, it looks like the Divine Word Religion is believed worldwide, but the national power of the Sariera country is much higher than the Outsu country.

In the balance of the strange power relationship, I appear.

Judging from the Outsu country, it would be a vexing problem.

There's the prestige as the country, and they want to eliminate me who's the monster that smashed the fort somehow.

But, I was worshiped as the Divine Beast in the enemy country.

In order to eliminate me without being offensive, they must first win over me to the country.

Therefore, that middle-aged man was selected as the negotiator.

This is probably fine even if the negotiation turns out well or fails.

The Outsu country's higher-ups only want to use me as an excuse to cause the war.

Otherwise, they wouldn't appoint such an incompetent middle-aged man as the negotiator, and if that middle-aged man does a goodwill ambassador regularly, the problem will raise eventually.

If the Sariera country declares war because of that, it's a godsend.

It's possible to cause war under the name of defense.

It's just as planned.

Because I killed the middle-aged man this time, both countries became strange.

The Sariera country blames the Outsu country for trying to harm the Divine Beast illegally.

The Outsu country blames the Sariera country that the Divine Beast killed their diplomat.

In the end, it settled down in a draw, but then, I disappeared.

Besides, it seems that it's decided that the one who killed me is the underling of the Divine Word Religion.

Actually, it's wrong because I was killed by the Demon King, but there's no way the people know about such thing.

Although I don't know which camp spread the fake information, it looks like at least the Sariera country is thinking about the war.

When I eavesdrop on the resident's story, there's a lot of the contents like "We have to take revenge of Divine Beast-sama".

They are deceived successfully.

Ah, although I don't know what's the motive of the country's higher-ups, at least, it's confirmed that both countries are itching to start the war.

I'm used as the excuse, huh?

It's irritating.

Why they get excited when the person in question is absent?

Besides, my intention is disregarded.

If you want to start a war, you should just start it without minding the cause.

Don't use me as the excuse.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

182 Battlefield inspection

Now that I have come this far, let's go to the battlefield.

I don't even know what kind of situation it's in now.

It's possible that it was already over when I reached the battlefield.

After all, it took quite a lot of days until I recover.

Although I don't know how long is it to start a war, if it's a fantasy world where magic exists, it's not strange that the military movement is faster than the former world.

Well, if it's over, that's all.

Anyway, let's go to the site.

I knew it relatively easily that where I should go.

Although this town is connected to a lot of roads, there was a road that seemed that it's obvious that a lot of people used it.

The innumerable footprints and the trace of the wheel that seems to be a carriage were made a while ago.

Although the other roads also have those, there's a lot of non-humans' footprint.

Did they even tame a monster and enslave it?

I advance the highway with "Concealment" activated.

Oh dear! Because my status skyrocketed, an outrageous speed is released when I run even a little.

The feelings are the feeling of riding a roller coaster without safety device.

Hahaha.

Although my speed was high originally, it rose even more after unifying with Mother.

If I train steadily by level up, it might be fine, but, I'm troubled that when it rose all at once like this, there's a gap between the consciousness and body.

Well, I have the cheating skill called the "Super Thought Acceleration".

Even if I accelerate physically, it's rather just right for me that everything becomes slow.

I will fly, yay.

I might be a person who will change character at the moment I grasped the steering wheel when I drive a car.

I let my speed do its thing, and reached.

Apparently, the border's vicinity is around here.

It looks like a real combat hasn't start yet.

Both armies glare at each other on the excessively wide plain.

I mean, there's a lot of them.

From the result of Wisdom-sama's Detection, this side that's the Sariera country army is approximately 42000.

On the other hand, the Outsu country side is 53000.

Huh?

Wasn't the Outsu country a small country?

Why there's so many people?

I mean, there are more people than expected.

Is this true?

Is this the fight that I was made as an excuse?

The atmosphere of an all-out war with the dangerous mind is flowing though.

Ah, I feel that my stomach is starting to feel pain.

I don't know whether the spider has the organ equal to the stomach or not.

Uee.

It's a several times scale of the battlefield that I imagined.

Even though I imagined a more cozy skirmish, it's this when I look at it.

What should I say? I plan to break into the battlefield if possible, but if I do that, it's like I can't read the situation.

What should I do?

I mean, why the small country, Outsu country has more people?

I try to look at the Outsu country army.

Hmm.

This, it's that.

The so-called allied forces.

Apart from the army that seemed to be Outsu country's soldiers, there's clearly the army of the soldiers that seemed to be a different power.

And, there's several.

The army that stands out the most was overall coordinated in white.

Their appearances stands out considerably with a lot of people next to the Outsu army unit.

The second one that stands out is took their position on the opposite side of the white army.

They looks like the knights who I encountered in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

I mean, it's probably the soldiers of the same country.

This one has almost the same number as the white army.

In addition, there are various armies mixed in there.

Although the others don't have a great number of people like the white army and the tentative name knight country, if trash piles up, something can be done.

It becomes the number of people more than the Sariera country whole army with only the main force, the white one and the knight country, and another power joins in there. As a result, a large army that greatly exceeds the Sariera country is completed.

Judging from the appearances, both battle formations are simply lining horizontally on the plain.

The place is also a common plain, so it doesn't seem that there's a geographical advantage.

Both armies neither have battle formation nor the geographical advantage.

Then, the outcome of the battle is decided by the difference of simple forces and the ability of the commander, but in this case, the ability of the commander is only in the range of error.

In other words, the difference of the simple forces connects to the victory or defeat.

At this rate, the defeat of Sariera country is inevitable.

If there's a person of the strength matching for a thousand people class in the Sariera country, it's different.

After all, in this fantasy world, I can't say that such a person doesn't exist.

Judging from the human's strength who I have seen so far, if the status exceeds 1000, it's strong enough.

Then, if there's at least 3000 in status, it's not a dream to be matchless.

If it's at least 3000, it's not strange that it exists. Do I think so because I myself have an inflation feeling?

But, as a real problem, it's certain that even if there's a human like that, it's not strange.

It's not only in the status, but a guy who makes full use of the skills and fight equally.

Well, that's not only to the Sariera country, but it's also possible to say to the Outsu country allied forces.

If there's such a non-standard existence on the other side, there's no way the Sariera country can win.

Because they already lost in the number of people.

How will the individual difference of forces appear?

As for the human's strength of this world, the upper limit is about 1000 in status.

As for the lower limit, it's only one-digit.

There's a considerably gap in strength.

Among them, the strongest one is unfortunately, the middle-aged man who I left in the labyrinth.

After all, if I look at his magic-type status, it's around 1500.

In exchange for that, the physical-type status was around 300.

Even that 300 is quite high for a human.

When I think from the human's status that I have seen so far, an ordinary soldier is around 200.

If it's an elite, it's about 300.

And, the elite on top of that is around 500, is it?

When thinking from there, exceeding 1000 is considerably strong.

Huh?

Then, isn't that middle-aged man an elite even in the physical?

R-Ridiculous.

Oh, well.

Let's forget about the middle-aged man who looks like a pervert once.

The problem is how much is the difference in soldiers of both armies.

If one side is 200 on the average and the other side is 300 on the average, it seems possible to push back the disadvantage of the number.

However, just by looking at both armies in a glance, it doesn't seem that there's so much difference.

Rather, the Sariera country side has a lower quality of soldiers, and it might be at disadvantage.

The white army and the knight country army seem to have high skills even if I look from a distance.

Although if it's the Outsu country including the other armies, they seem to be judged as the victor, the two armies clearly differentiate.

Although it's the Sariera country if it's in all, it's the Outsu country allied forces if it's the prominent.

It's a difficult point, but the Sariera country is disadvantageous.

I mean, I think about things on the Sariera country side.

Hmm.

What should I do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

183 People are trash

While I was troubled on what I should do, the situation changed.

One person who looks like a commander steps forward from the Outsu country side.

It's not a gallant horse, what's that?

Kirin?

Well, jumping to the space where both glare at each other in the battlefield on such a monster.

「I am the king of the Outsu country, Gushiisuku Emera Outsu!」

Oh.

His voice is loud.

Although it might be the effect of some kind of skill, the king of the Outsu country named himself with a loud voice to the extent that it echoes in the entire battlefield.

It's a little exciting that it's like the one scene of a movie.

「You respect the monster as the Divine Beast that brought calamity to our country, and in addition, your devil deed by offering our country's brethren to the monster! Evil believers, your sins deserve a certain death!」

Huh?

What?

That middle-aged man is decided to be the sacrifice to me?

No, I understand that it's far-fetched.

Is that middle-aged man's interference ignored completely?

It was a short statement, but it's a loud voice that sounds even in the bottom of the stomach and the effect is outstanding.

The soldiers on the Outsu country side get excited.

Although they yell severally, unfortunately, because there's a distance and the large group raises a war cry without unity, I can't grasp what are they saying.

I don't think that I want to grasp it though.

In the first place, it's a mystery that whether they are yelling meaningful words or not.

To be frank, I think that most of them are simply yelling.

And, like cutting the Outsu country allied forces' excitement, one commander jumps out of the Sariera country side.

This one also rides a monster, but it's different from the king of the Outsu country.

The white coat of hair and the opened wing.

I mean, it's just a Pegasus.

As expected of D.

The point suppressed is being suppressed.

「I am the king of the Sariera country, Jigis El Sariera!」

The king who gives his name is young!

What's with the young noble who looks very good with that white horse?

Although the king of the Outsu country gives an impression of a stern and honest soldier, the king of the Sariera country looks like a prince who's in a story.

Umu.

When I have to pick either one of them, I prefer the king of the Outsu country.

「Servants of the Divine Word! The arrogance that curses us in your narrowed view as heresy! The sin to hurt the sacred Divine Beast-sama who heals us, and passing the judgment that its a brutal sinner! Even if the merciful Goddess-sama forgives you, on behalf of her, we will give the iron hammer of judgment!」

Aaah.

I had enough of such thing..

I don't wish for such thing.

「Ridiculous! The mind that worship the monster is evil itself! Obeying the origin of the Divine Word's spirit of the God, you should start over again from the afterlife」

Really?

Saying such thing.

Hmm.

「You are addicted to the deception called Divine Word without knowing Goddess-sama's merciful heart! Aren't you the heretics!?」

Oi oi.

「Nonsense! The world only has one God which is the Divine Word God! Something like the Goddess is nothing more than a fantasy! Have you heard the Goddess's voice before!?」

「No! However, Goddess-sama's spirit always watch over us! To answer the spirit is our mission of the Goddess Religion!」

「That is to be equal to the monster!?」

「They are good neighbors! What is wrong with believing the neighbors!?」

「This is because it's a monster!」

「Then, what is the one that you are entrusting your body to now!?」

「This is a tool!」

「That is nonsense! Humans and monsters work together, and one day, together with the descended Goddess-sama, the Demons will be destroyed! That is the promised holy war! It's Goddess-sama's salvation!」

What?

「The Demons and the monsters, both belong to the devils! There's no way we can understand each other!」

「The Demons and the monsters are different!」

「It's the same! They harm us, Humans! Arguments more than this are unnecessary! Everyone, judgment to the pitiful heretics!」

「Attack the people manipulated by the false God with Goddess-sama's mercy!」

Both armies begin to advance while raising a war cry.

Ah.

It can't be helped.

Un.

I understood it.

Although I understood it, when I see it like this, it goes beyond anger and I'm dumbfounded.

The Goddess Religion, there's no way the Goddess wish for such a thing.

Descend and destroy the Demons?

Such thing can't be done, and it's impossible that she will do it.

Because the Goddess continued struggling to save even the Demons until the end.

The Divine Word Religion is hopeless.

I studied a little about the Divine Word Religion when I gathered information in the town.

In short, it's a religion that believes that the voice of heaven is the voice of God.

And, in order to hear the voice of heaven numerously, it should teach the people to raise a lot of the skills and levels.

I can understand the origin.

Because someone long ago raised the level of the skills, that was made as the religion.

That someone surely believes in God more than anyone else.

But, from what I can see just now, the faith is distorted.

It's the evidence that it denies the Goddess Religion completely.

The purpose of the person who caused this war can be seen through.

For the Divine Word Religion, the Goddess Religion was obstructive.

Therefore, it's decided to smash it.

Why?

It's obvious.

It's because a part of the Goddess Religion is right.

The Divine Word Religion doesn't want to spread that right part.

Because it will make them inconvenient.

Fuu.

Trash.

Knowing that it's like that, and giving priority to oneself.

What can you call it other than trash?

The Goddess Religion that forgets about the Goddess's hope.

The Divine Word Religion that gives priority to oneself, and carry out the erasure of truth.

Both are trash.

Well, it's decided that which one is more of a trash.

The Outsu country is a calamity.

Because I'm used as the excuse to crush the Goddess Religion, and it becomes a war without I knowing it.

Well, it might be the consequences of one's deeds caused by their stupidity.

If it's a nation, he should lead the country properly.

If it's the small country, I guess not to have things on one's way.

Then, I sympathize you.

Although I sympathize, I won't show mercy.

The Divine Word Religion might be necessary evil to the world, but I don't like the existence.

That's why, I will smash it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

184 Now, pray to God

Taking advantage of the confusion that both armies will clash, I also start my action.

Aiming at the white group.

Judging from the clothes, it put on the airs of a clergy, so I think that it's the Divine Word Religion's main force.

The people who have been sent to such a battlefield are fools believing in the Divine Word Religion seriously without knowing the intention of the higher-ups, but I'm not concerned.

Although I'm not concerned, it meets the requirements as the target of my anger, and I want them to think that there was no luck and give up.

I prepare the activation of magic while moving.

I move in the air while looking down at the battlefield with "Space Maneuver".

I will use a slightly bold move.

I arrive at the sky of the white group.

At the same time, the prepared magic is completed.

I activate without hesitation.

"Darkness Magic", Darkness World.

If the "Abyss Magic" is excluded, it has the highest offensive ability and area of effect among the magics that I can activate, the wide area annihilation magic.

Although the offensive ability is a little inferior to the Hell Gate of the "Abyss Magic", the range is almost equal of about 200 meters in diameter.

That range is engulfed in darkness.

It's an instant.

But, after the darkness vanished, nothing remains.

Neither people nor things were there.

If it's the present me, I can use this kind of magic relatively easy.

This is because I use the "Parallel Will" as the arithmetic unit without the ego.

If it's the present me, I can even activate the "Abyss Magic" with composure.

The white group is almost annihilated by the single blow.

The wide hole is completed in the battlefield.

Although the sound of the war cry and weapons clashing echoes at a distance, only this area is strangely silent.

A tremendous amount of level up notifications came.

I hear the voice of heaven all the time since a while ago.

If my level rises so easily, should I just destroy one or two towns without minding anything?

Oh, well.

Even in this place, it's possible to recover enough.

A second Darkness World bursts to the silent Outsu country allied forces.

Like making everything disappear, such an unreasonable scene spreads.

In the battlefield that falls silent again, I get down to the ground.

If I see the front, a group of faces that seemed to despair.

If I see the back, a group of faces that seemed stiff.

Both are awful faces.

A courageous soldier came to slash me.

Rather than courageous, the soldier is probably already confused.

I intercept the soldier with a suitable magic.

The soldier's head bursts open.

The soldier of the Sariera country.

Aaah.

I have done it.

Even though they are distorted, I intended to overlook the Goddess Religion because they are more reasonable.

I look at the Sariera country's army.

The state that the understanding has not caught up yet that a soldier went mad and attacked me, and I killed the soldier.

But, if the understanding catches up, I will be recognized to be an enemy.

Even if they praise me as the Divine Beast, if they understand that I'm harmful to them, they will change their attitude.

Human is such a thing.

Human always betrays.

Even if the person is the benefactor.

As I thought, the soldiers of the Sariera country shoot magics aiming at me.

The Outsu country also attacks me like they conspired.

You guys are on good terms.

Is it that?

When a powerful common enemy shows up, they can't help but to joint struggle reluctantly.

Unfortunately, I'm not interested in such false friendship.

Even if they form a temporary truce and fight together, they can't beat me.

There's no reason that they can win.

I erase the magics with "Divine Dragon Power" and "Dragon Barrier".

It would be better if they are of the Drake class or even higher rank, but if it's the magic manipulated by humans, I won't receive any damage even if I don't do anything.

I shoot the magic of the counterattack at the same time to both armies.

It's the new magic that I learned by seeing the middle-aged man using it in the Great Labyrinth.

The flash of thunder flickers from my left and right.

I'm weak in fire and ice.

Next is water, and the light is almost the same as it.

But, thanks to the 「Rescuer」 「Saint」 「Savior」 that I acquired by hypocritical actions, the light attribute became my forte now.

The thunder seemed to have a good affinity with light, and after the titles are acquired, the affinity rose when I checked it.

Originally, because I'm not so weak in thunder, it has become my best attribute following the dark now.

So I intend to strengthen the magic skill of thunder with the light.

Something like deliver the final blow with light and dark to the people who believe in God, isn't it a good taste?

Is this the divine punishment? Or, is it the devil's curse?

Which one do they see?

The light flickers, and the thunder scatters flash.

Life scatters without the friend and foe relations each time.

That's right.

When thinking about my present status, this situation is right even though I was beaten completely by the Demon King,

I'm really strong.

The Demon King is only too non-standard.

Such a person is a cheat.

It's impossible to win.

But, it can also be said to me.

The people in this place must have tasted the despair similar to me when I confront the Demon King.

The monster that's invulnerable to any attacks, and uses a lot of advanced magics.

Huh?

Aren't I the strongest?

Why I can't beat the Demon King?

Mysterious.

I continue the massacre while thinking something useless.

Although the Sariera country and the Outsu country have already cooperate to attack me, I'm not wounded at all.

I crush the great attack ahead of time after all.

Although it's not a big deal even if I receive it, I can't accept that the precious experience points will decrease by that.

That's why, if there's a group that prepares a great magic that seems to have a wide effect, I will crush them first.

Again a person comes to try to slash me.

Un?

It's the fastest one so far.

A child?

「Monster, I'm your opponent!」

Eh, why is a child in such a place?

The question was understood when I appraised the child's status.

The child's name is Julius Zagan Anareich.

Title, Hero.

Well, after the Demon King is the Hero.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

185 The small Hero

No no no.

Whatever the circumstances may be, this is impossible.

Certainly, the Hero's status is higher than a common mob.

But, whatever the circumstances may be, don't bring such a child to a battlefield.

There's a limit to be inappropriate.

Aaah.

If I see him properly, he's trembling.

Poor thing.

Eh?

The cause of trembling?

It's me, what about it?

I mean, seriously, why is the Hero in such a place?

Although it's surprising that the Hero is such a small child, in the first place, it's impossible to be in such a battlefield.

Is it that?

Is it like showing the death of people since childhood by letting him to observe the battlefield?

Is it possible?

Normally, only the winning battle should be inspected, but did it change like this because I appear in the battlefield?

Hmm.

Because I don't know this Hero-kun's personality, I can't say definite things.

Hero-kun swings down the sword.

I mean, because the sword is bigger compared with his body, there's only either swinging it down or being swing.

I dodge it by chance.

This Hero-kun has common-sense strength unlike the Demon King.

Only the age is slightly absurd.

Well, he is promising to that extent.

Then, it would be a waste if I crush him here.

It's absolutely better to wait for him to grow up more and mature.

The more he grows up, the more favorable to me.

To be chosen as the Hero in young means that his future is promising to that extent.

It's too wasteful to crush him now.

Thus, Hero-kun.

I will overlook you.

Instead of you, I will take the miserable trembling adults behind you.

Ah, I perceive a preparation of some big magic.

Ge.

This will even swallow Hero-kun up!

What are you thinking!?

Obstruction...won't be in time.

Although I'm entirely all right even if I receive it, Hero-kun is severe.

It can't be helped.

I will Transfer him.

I construct the Transfer magic hastily while dodging the desperate Hero-kun's sword lightly.

Ugh, the other party's construction is faster than I thought.

This is bad, they already shot it.

The flame that burns down in a wide range hits.

Although I reduced the power by "Divine Dragon Power" and "Dragon Barrier", still, the flame burns down the whole surroundings.

Me together with Hero-kun who was near with me.

I didn't make it in time for an instant.

I activate Transfer in the scene where flame spreads explosively.

The silence that the noise of the battlefield until a while ago is like a lie.

I returned to the Elro Great Labyrinth with Transfer.

Recovering Hero-kun.

I confirm the Hero-kun's condition quickly.

His HP decreases to some extent, and he fainted, but it doesn't seem that he will die.

Apparently, the clothes worn is quite a quality goods, so his defensive ability is equivalently high.

Ah, but only the white muffler burns more than half.

For the time being, treatment.

It's a waste to let the future special food to die.

Incidentally, I will improve the muffler a little.

I cut off the part that was burnt, connect new threads, and knit it with "Thread Manipulation".

Umu.

It's a good quality even if I say so myself.

Because the Hero wears it, the thread used might be a good thread, but his defensive ability is further increased because it's reinforced with my threads.

I'm sure that it can prevent decapitation.

「Mu! This boy, the Hero!?」

The magician middle-aged man noticed us who transferred.

Oh, come to think of it, this middle-aged man has the "Appraisal".

So, he noticed that this child is the Hero.

Ah, I thought of a good thing.

Let's force this Hero-kun to the middle-aged man.

I also want the middle-aged man to go back already, and if he take Hero-kun along, it's killing two birds with one stone.

The nuisance can be driven out gently, and I can return Hero-kun, so it's a good thing.

Let's do that.

Now that I have decided so, let's take communication.

In order to communicate, I must be able to talk.

My present level has exceeded 50 thanks to the massacre a while ago.

In other words, I can finally evolve.

Thus, take care when I'm evolving.

｛Aye｝

I entrust the things in the future to the Queen-in-charge.

《Individual Zana Horowa evolves into Arachne》

Although it was long until here, I can finally become an appearance close to the human-type.

Ah, but wait a minute.

The Arachne has the upper body of the human and the lower body of the spider, right?

Won't the eyes decrease?

Ah!

Oh no!

The eight Evil Eyes festival becomes impossible!

No.

Rather than that, I'm a female, right?

Come to think of it, I'm convinced that I'm a female, but I don't know the difference of the spider's sex.

Although I think that I'm a female because I can lay eggs, male might be able to lay eggs with the power of the skill.

I won't turn into having the upper body of a muscular man after evolving, right?

Ah, that might be alright.

Alright, huh?

Ah, crap, the evolution started.

Uo!?

My body is creaking!?

Although my appearance didn't change much so far, I will change a lot this time.

Agagagaga.

Thanks to the "Sense of Pain Nullity", it's not painful, but it's an amazingly strange feeling.

My body becomes slightly larger.

It's not the level that can be said as creakily anymore, but conspicuously.

How am I getting bigger without shedding?

That part is the fantasy world, so is it a defeat if I think about it?

The enlargement of my body ends, and this time, my head begins to itch.

Something is growing.

Un?

Somehow, it's a strange feeling.

It's like my consciousness is divided into two even though I didn't use the Parallel Thought.

And, the construction of something that grew is completed.

《Evolution completed》

《Became the Arachne species》

《Every basic ability rose》

《Level Up Bonus:Skill Proficiency was acquired》

And, I completed the evolution.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s-29: Side 29 - Offer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S29 Offer

「Thank you for all your help」

We lower our head to Basgas-san.

We escaped from the Elro Great Labyrinth, and we lodged in Basgas-san's base for one night.

And, it's decided that we will leave immediately to the Elf Village in the morning of the next day.

We are parting with Basgas-san here.

「Ah」

Basgas-san says so and nods.

「However, is it really okay for me to take all of the materials of the Earth Dragon? It's a fortune if you sell it, you know?」

「Yes. This is a hurry trip, so we can't take it. Please consider it as reward for helping us」

「Then, I will take it without reservation」

Basgas-san smiles broadly.

「Basgas-san. If」

「Lad, I'm a humble guide」

Basgas-san says so interrupting my words.

It was the answer to the words that I was going to say.

Basgas-san is an experienced warrior.

I was able to understand it enough in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

In addition, he also has excellent judgment that comes from his experiences.

To be honest, I want this person to come along with us.

But, Basgas-san's word denied it.

「As for the guide, guiding is the work. Even more, I'm already retired. There's no place for an old man to butt in any further」

Basgas-san who says so and laughs.

But, he stops the laughter immediately, and begins to talk with a serious face this time.

「Lad. Although this is my intuition, I think that a huge incident will occur in the near future. There's no grounds, but I always have an anxiety that can't be cleared for these past few years. The riot that Lad got involved might be the harbinger」

Certainly.

It's not only the matter of Yuugo.

The large-scale war with the Demons.

Taking over the Hero.

The world movement these days is very active.

「Because I have guided you all, I will pray that the world change to the better way. Then, the guides will be blessed than we deserve」

Basgas-san hold out his hand.

「I will do my best so that it will become like that」

I grasped the hand firmly, and shook a firm handshake.

Two days after we part with Basgas-san.

We move by riding on the Light Drake's back.

The place we are heading is the country called Sariera country where the transfer magic circle to the Elf Village is concealed.

The Sariera country places the original religion called the Goddess Religion as the state religion that's different from the Divine Word Religion, and it's a radical nation that fought against neighboring nations when we are babies.

The national power dropped considerably in the war, and they stay hidden after that, so it's not understood that what will happen in this country.

We advanced while being cautious enough.

「Offer the skills! Then, you will be saved!」

When we enter the town to buy foods, etc, there were people shouting such words everywhere.

「The Sariera country is the nation that worships the Administrator Sariel. Therefore, let's try not to be concerned with them as much as possible」

I also agree to Sensei's low voice.

It's doubtful whether the shouting man is sane or not.

If this is the act of the Administrator, it's not a good feeling.

「What's offering skills?」

「It's said that there are two meanings. The first one is erasing the skill by the skill called 『Skill Erasure』」

「Can such a thing be done?」

「Yes. 『Skill Erasure』 is a skill that can be acquired without skill points, and it erases skill by taking a few days. Because it won't stop until all of the skills disappear when it's activated, it's impossible to erase the targeted skill alone. Of course the disappeared skill won't return. If a person trains again, the skills can be acquired back」

「Is there a meaning to do that?」

From what I heard so far, I don't understand the meaning of such a skill.

It's only a disadvantage to lose the skills.

Even if the skills can be acquired back if a person trains again, the time taken until then will not return, and if there's the paid skill points, it's wasted.

It's like throwing away the thing that you accumulate until then purposely.

「In other words, it's transferred as power to the Administrator」

「Ah」

I see.

In other words, the power that's cultivated by the people is offered to the Administrator.

That's the essence of the 「Skill Erasure」 skill.

「Come to think of it, Sensei have erased Yuugo's skills once」

「Yes, but that's something like a trick. Erase the others' skills instead of paying a big compensation. Although I say it because it's now, when I activate it, some of my skills are lost, and I slept for many days after that. Because it's a dangerous method that both me and the opponent can die, I don't want to use it again」

「I see」

「I thought that it was the best at that time. If the skills are lost, I can remonstrate Yuugo who became arrogant. I believed so. Even though the important one is to regain his own mind as a person properly after that, I have neglected it. And, the result is this. I'm disqualified as a teacher」

「It's not Sensei's fault」

Although I thought that it's an unskillful comfort, I can only say that.

The bad one is Yuugo who actually took the action.

「Thank you. But, this is the distinction as the teacher. It's the last education that Sensei can do to the former student who's on the wrong path」

Sensei's eyes that filled with dark determination.

I was not able to say anything to it.

「And, what's the second one?」

I change the topic.

「I don't know the second one well. Something like offering the skills to reach the God」

「That's like the words of the religion」

「Yeah」

The clergy who shouts in the town.

I wanted to get away from this place that has a dark atmosphere as soon as possible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

186 Arachne

Evolution is completed.

Unfortunately, there's no additional skill by evolution.

In addition, because I unified with the Queen, my skills have become considerably high level, and I feel that the skill's level up is a little when compared with before.

Well, this can't be helped.

There's a lot of skills that have reached max level, so the skills have already entered the final stage.

And, the evolution this time changed my appearance the most.

First of all, my body became one size bigger.

Although it's still smaller than the adult Taratect that I saw when I was attacked by the Arch, I grow bigger than the compact size so far.

But, to be frank, such a change doesn't matter.

The first change is probably the part that grew on my head.

A human's upper body has grown there.

A strange feeling like having two consciousness.

It seems similar to the "Parallel Will" but also different.

Like thinking about things at the same time with two brains, or rather, it might be so.

Two view existed.

One is the same view as before that got a little higher because my body become bigger.

The other one is the view of the position higher than it.

I look around restlessly from that view.

Amazing.

Because my neck was connected to my body up until now, I have to move my body to look around. And, a wide range of view can be secured just by moving my neck.

The Queen who's reflected in the view.

She became quite huge.

The middle-aged man.

Why is he praying?

Hero-kun.

He hasn't wake up yet.

Because it will become complicated if he wakes up, I want him to continue to sleep.

I look below.

It's a breast.

Apparently, I'm a female.

There's no way a male will have such a swollen chest.

I mean, I'm suppose to be about two years old or somewhere there, but I'm an adult.

I hold out my hands before my eyes.

Five fingers attached, it's the human's hand.

I grasp lightly, and open.

I try moving it one by one.

It's moving properly.

I bend down a little and try to look at the bottom.

I'm connected to the spider's body around the waist.

The joint can't be seen because it's hidden in the spider's body hair.

I move the hair out of curiosity and try to see it.

Nothing interesting in it, and I was connected normally.

Because my present body is very white, I merged with the body of the white spider without any uncomfortable feeling.

I bend down even more.

The spider's eyes and the human's eyes met.

I can do such a skillful thing like matching my own eyes without a mirror.

There are eight spider's eyes as usual.

Adding it up with the human's eyes, it's ten in total.

It was the pattern that my eyes increase rather than decrease.

The worry before evolution has decreased with this.

However, white.

My human part is extremely white.

Although I was white in the previous life, I think that I have the more healthier white.

Right now, my skin is as white as man-made plaster.

Because my hair is pure white thoroughly, I'm even whiter.

By the way, my hair is considerably long.

Among that, only my eyes are red.

Because my lips are pale, the redness of the eyes stand out.

A white body with red eyes.

Human, but it's not human at a glance.

However, this is that.

This human-type body is just like me of the previous life.

It's just like me but not without change.

The color is white and the eyes are red too.

Some parts of the face have changed too.

I wonder what.

Although my previous life becomes the base, the feature that I have seen before somewhere is mixed in it.

Hmm?

Ah.

This is the Demon King.

The Demon King's face has mixed with my face of the previous life.

Ah.

Come to think of it, I'm something like that person's descendant, so it's not strange even if the face is similar.

A clone feels more right than saying that I'm her descendant.

But, then, it's a mystery that my previous life's face mixed in it.

Well, it's a defeat if I think deeply about that.

Something like the face reproduced from my memory mixed with the genetic information face, it might be the result that science and occult slightly mixed.

「B-Beautiful」

The middle-aged man mutters in a subdued voice.

Ah, yes yes.

I'm happy even if it's a compliment.

Ah, now I'm stark naked.

Although I don't mind it because I don't lose anything even if I'm seen, I might acquire the exhibitionist title if this continues.

There's no such title though.

Well, because wandering around naked feels like it's over for my female level, let's do something about it.

With the meaning of experiment, I put power into the new human hands.

A white thread extends from my fingertip.

Un.

Not only from the spider's buttocks, but it looks like I can produce thread from my fingertip.

I mean, after evolving into the "God-weaving Thread", I can produce thread whenever I want from anywhere of my whole body.

But, after all, producing it from the buttocks is better in the consumption efficiency.

Although producing it from the fingertip has bad efficiency in such a meaning, this is quite convenient.

After all, the thread produced from the buttocks can't move freely and it's quite inconvenient.

If it's from the finger, it seems to be able to do high movements by moving the fingertip, so it seems that there's a lot of uses.

For the time being, I knit something like clothes with threads produced from the fingertip.

For now, a makeshift is enough, so I will just make something like a bra to cover my breast.

Un.

Completed.

I'm skillful even if I say so myself.

Incidentally, I tie my long hair in braids collectively.

Somehow, the hair is also treated like the thread, and it's possible to manipulate it with "Thread Manipulation" easily.

Although it possibly unified with the "God-weaving Thread" as a skill, I might be able to do Severing Thread if I intend to do it.

Let's experiment it the next time.

Well then, finally, let's talk to the middle-aged man.

Will the voice come out properly?

I will do a little vocal exercise lightly.

「Ah, ah」

Un, it came out.

Perfect.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

187 Communication ability

Well then, how should I speak?

I mean, can I speak?

Well.

When was the last time I talked to a person?

Gyurigyuri?

But, that's the Telepathy, so can't it be said as talking?

Strange.

Crap.

I'm getting nervous.

How do you talk with a person?

Rather, how do words spoken?

Ah, the middle-aged man is looking at me fixedly.

Wh-What should I do?

What should I say?

That's right, at first, isn't the basic to start a conversation is to talk about the weather?

Something like the weather in the labyrinth is unrelated!

Awawa.

Seriously, what should I do?

Calm down.

I should count prime numbers at such a time.

Prime numbers are lonely numbers.

1, 2, 3, da!

No!

In the first place, 1 is not a prime number!

The weather is not good.

Something, is there something!?

That's right, greeting!

The greetings are basic!

Yosh, first of all, it's hello.

I will say it.

I will say it.

I will say it after counting for another ten seconds.

10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

「Ko...Ko」

「Ko?」

Da!

Impossible!

Only the hoarse voice comes out because my mouth is dried!

I moisten my mouth with saliva.

The voice comes out.

However, only to say the word "Konnichiwa".

It's not difficult.

It's not difficult.

It's not difficult.

Yosh.

I can do it.

A countdown in the heart once again.

10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.

「Konnichiwa」

I said it!

I was able to say it!

Good me!

I'm impressed of me.

「O-Oh. Thank you for calling out to me」

The middle-aged man who lowers his head from the praying posture.

The pose is a dogeza.

「I will introduce myself properly. I'm Ronant who belong to the Rengzant Empire magic division. However, If you give me the permission to serve under you, I'm prepared to abandon the nation. I will ask once more. Could you make me as your apprentice?」

O-Oh.

Wait a minute.

Don't talk with such a long sentence all at once.

Because I'm thinking what I should say next.

Um.

Err.

Well.

For the time being, the apprentice is not good.

「No」

Un, no no.

「Please, somehow!」

No.

Impossible impossible.

But, even if I say it, the middle-aged man doesn't seem to give up, and he has the atmosphere that he will follow me all the time.

That's troublesome.

I must somehow have him return volubly.

Appearing here is Hero-kun.

It's that.

I must think about a good excuse to let Hero-kun to return safely and the middle-aged man doesn't return.

This Hero is sent back, and raise him into an admirable adult.

If he's taught by others, he will surely see the things that he was not able to see naturally.

He will make this as the task from me.

If he accomplishes it splendidly, I will think about making him as my apprentice.

Un.

A perfect strategy even if I say so myself.

Now, I just need to convey it.

Convey it only.

Such a long sentence?

Err, impossible.

If I speak that much, I will die.

What should I do?

I might have been checkmated.

The biggest pinch ever.

Calm down.

It's not necessary to say it all at once.

It's fine to convey it little by little even with a word.

In addition, I can talk, but because this world's word pronunciation is difficult, I can only talk a few words.

Even word by word, or rather, I can only say a word.

Yosh, I will say it.

Suu, haa.

Yosh.

「This」

I say it while pointing at Hero-kun.

「Return」

Yosh.

First of all, was it conveyed to return Hero-kun?

Next is.

「May I ask? Although I suppose that this boy is the Hero, why is he with you?」

Ah!

Don't question me back!

The words that I prepared for the next can't be used now!

Well, what should I do?

How should I answer?

Because I barged into the war, I picked him?

Although it's not wrong in general, how should I explain it?

「Picked」

Un.

This is the straightforward one and the closest.

「Wh-What?」

Ah, un.

You don't understand, right?

Sorry.

Further explanation is impossible.

「Together, return」

I say it while pointing at the middle-aged man and Hero-kun.

The middle-aged man thinks a little.

Please, guess with this.

「In other words, you are trying to say that you want me to send this Hero to the country?」

Good!

That's right!

I nod.

「Then, if I sent this Hero back safely, will you make me as your apprentice?」

No!

Why does it becomes like that!?

No no.

I shake my head.

「Master」

I say it while pointing at the middle-aged man.

「Apprentice」

I say it while pointing at Hero-kun.

「Teach」

How is it!?

With this, do you understand?

Although I think that it's a miracle if he understands, how is it?

「You want me to raise the Hero?」

Close!

But, he's right.

I nod.

The middle-aged man thinks about something for a long time.

Although I don't know what is he thinking, my broken words might be expanding his imagination variously.

I hope that it's not a weird imagination.

「Yes. I understand. Although I can't foresee your profound thought, it surely has a deep meaning. This mission that you gave to me, I swear that I will accomplish it splendidly」

Oh!

Very good!

The middle-aged man is reasonable!

Good.

「Well then, although I don't want to part, I can't leave the Hero like this no matter what the reason is. I will leave at once. Hopefully, I can meet you once more」

The middle-aged man who lowers his head deeply.

Un.

You don't need to meet me anymore.

The middle-aged man who leaves carrying Hero-kun with Transfer.

Come to think of it, the first one that I talk with in this world is that middle-aged man, huh?

Somehow, I feel a little lost.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

188 I'm hungry

The middle-aged man and the Hero left.

In other words, there are no others.

Ah, loner is splendid.

｛I want a detailed explanation by now｝

Ah, because the Queen was there, I'm not a loner.

For the time being, I tell the details that I barged into a war after going out of the labyrinth lightly.

｛Oh, Jesus｝

Somehow, the Queen grieved.

If it can be held in the head, it's on the crouching level.

Why?

｛Hey, main body｝

What is it?

｛Do you understand your situation?｝

Yeah.

｛If you understand it, why are you increasing the troublesome things other than the Demon King!?｝

O-Oh.

It can't be helped-nen.

I was irritated-nen.

I flown into rage, and have done it-nen.

｛Stop that "nen", fool!｝

I'm sorry.

｛Haa. For the time being, what's done is done. So, is there any possible problem that you actually barged into a war?｝

Nope.

To be frank, if it's my present strength, no matter how many people attack me all at once, I can repel them with composure.

｛Well, from what I heard, that seems so｝

Un.

That's why, I can do anything with violence no matter how the humans' country is thrown into confusion.

Power is everything. It has become a good era.

｛No, it's not the end of a century of somewhere. The order is pretty much maintained properly. If the harmful animal of somewhere don't rage｝

I wonder which harmful animal is it.

｛That means the only problem now is the Demon King, huh?｝

Yeah.

Gyurigyuri never come in contact even if I cause such a turmoil.

｛About the Demon King, do you notice?｝

Ah, un.

That has mixed considerably.

｛What do you think will happen?｝

I don't know.

To be honest, I can't expect it.

｛Is it all right?｝

It's not.

It's a big problem.

｛Oi｝

No.

Seriously speaking, even if Maou-in-charge wins or loses, she has mixed considerably and changed, so I think that she won't be as before.

And, I can't imagine what kind of action that Maou-in-charge will take in the mixed condition.

I don't know the Demon King's personality too.

The worst case, she may be hostile.

｛Right｝

If that happens, there's only one way left for me.

I gain experience points in somewhere to be even a little stronger while avoiding direct confrontation.

And, reach the Administrator class.

｛Can you do it?｝

Un.

I mean, I think that I'm one step to there.

｛Although this is something I did on my own, I gave permission to the other Queen-in-charge to advance the erosion｝

Nice.

If the Queens are unified, the goal comes into view.

｛What should I do from now on?｝

For the time being, wait for recovery.

If the Demon King moves, make full use of the Transfer to run away.

｛Roger｝

The Demon King is still fighting against the Earth Dragons in the bottom layer.

Although the Earth Dragons are holding out, it seems to end soon.

Whether they can last for another day or not.

However, because the Demon King can't use the Transfer, even if the Earth Dragons are defeated, it won't become dangerous immediately.

Time is needed to rise from the bottom layer.

If I think including that, I still have a few days left.

I want to do what I can do in the meanwhile.

And, there's something that I must do now.

My SP has decreased considerably by the evolution influence.

Because I was waiting for recovery before evolution, there were not so many stores of the SP.

The stock of "Satiation" empties, and has decreased to about half of my maximum SP now.

I must eat.

But, I don't want to take the food in the home now.

The food here is the Queen's food, so it's better to have her eat.

So, it's necessary to go to secure food by myself.

Hmm.

Because I evolved into the Arachne, I have two mouths that are the human mouth and the spider mouth, but which should I eat with?

If it's as before, it's the spider mouth, but I'm interested that what will it be if I eat with the human mouth.

I mean, this human is not a papier mache, right?

The digestive organs are there properly, right?

It seems that I have the five senses properly, and because I can think even in the human, I might have the internal organs properly.

Speaking of the five senses, will the taste change if I eat with the human?

I don't think that the sense of taste in the spider and the human are the same.

In order to confirm it, I must get foods.

If possible, I want to eat sweet foods, but I can't go to the town anymore.

Because I have done it.

Although the report probably has not reach the town yet, I won't be worshiped as Divine Beast-sama in the future.

Although I saved them thoroughly, I have returned the harm that was about the same as it.

When thinking about that, that means I have received the reward of doing it for free.

It's even.

Well, even if I think so, the other party will not think so.

I'm sure that they are thinking that they are betrayed.

I will pass on going back to the battlefield.

If I return to the battlefield unexpected after this and continue the massacre, the position of Hero-kun who returned might worsen.

There are still many parts that are doubtful that he disappears with me and returned safely.

Although I don't know how will the treatment to Hero-kun, let's have expectations in the abilities of the middle-aged man there.

I wonder can I have expectations.

I became uneasy.

Well, even if Hero-kun dies, it's not a hard blow on me, and if it's like that, it can't be helped.

It's wasteful if I'm forced to say.

Well then, let's go to procure food.

Fortunately, I have something to rely on.

The three huge meats that I marked it and left it all this time.

Well then, let's go for a revenge match.

Aiming at the Earth Dragon trio, Transfer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

189 Body function verification

I move to the lower layer with Transfer.

In front of me is the three Earth Dragons.

Kaguna, Geere, and Fuito.

As I check them with Appraisal, their level never rise.

There's almost no growth in the status too.

Only two or three status rose by 1.

Although a lot of days have passed since the last time I checked them, they only grow to that extent.

There's no change in the skills at all.

Rather than saying that the Earth Dragons growth is slow, my growth rate might be abnormal.

Although I thought that I don't have any other cheat-like skill than the "Idaten", it might be quite a cheat in growth.

Well, that's why, although I ran away from the Kaguna and Geere duo before, if it's the present me, I can win even if Fuito joined and became a trio.

I mean, it's easy.

The main reason why I ran away from these guys before is because I lack of firepower and defensive ability.

I lack of firepower and I hardly inflict any damage to Kaguna. Because I lack of defensive ability that it's dangerous to even receive one hit, I'm forced to retreat before the duo of the defense Kaguna and the speed Geere.

But, I evolved after that, and by unifying with the Queen, my status has rose tremendously, so if it's the present me, there's no losing factor.

That's why, I won't use magic this time, and I think that I will fight against the three Earth Dragons in a hand-to-hand combat.

It's not that I'm underestimating them.

My present body that evolved into the Arachne is different from the complete spider-type.

With the intention of the trial run, it's necessary to grasp what kind of thing it is.

Well, it can also be said that I'm underestimating them though.

If I don't grasp the difference from before properly with a lower rank opponent, I will be uneasy when I fight against an opponent who's equal or higher than me.

In order to evade that, I must verify the Arachne's body in a combat properly.

Then, there were only these three Earth Dragons.

The Earth Dragons in the bottom layer are fighting against the Demon King.

The Demon King is out of question.

As for the other small fries, the opponent will die before I can try it.

Although the Water Dragon is worthy as an opponent, because it's a fight at the special environment called the sea, it's not suitable for the verification.

Therefore, concerning the opponent who has the ability to some extent, and is not influenced by the environment, they were chosen.

The Earth Dragons stopped moving as having bewildered by me who transferred, and they get into fighting stance like having prepared in the end.

Erm.

Although they understand that they can't win judging from my presence, still, I can feel the intention to confront me.

Although Alaba was the same too, I feel that the Earth Dragons are full of the samurai code of chivalry.

I can't understand it.

Kaguna at the center, Geere as the vanguard, and Fuito as the rearguard. They move to the position.

Geere who excels in speed and has steady strength is place as the physical attacker, Kaguna who specializes in defense becomes the wall, and the variously halfway Fuito turns to support.

With this, if Fuito has a complete rearguard strength, the balance would be good.

Although Fuito is the same all-rounder type as Alaba if I see in the future, it looks like the jack-of-all-trades and master of none feeling is stronger if it is its present strength.

Geere jumps out first, and swing the blade that grew from its hand at me.

Un.

Although it is fast, judging from my present status, it's the speed that I can avoid with composure.

Combining the "Super Thought Acceleration" and the "Future Foresight", it seems to stop.

I dodge the single blow that aims at the human part without difficulty.

I think about the purpose this time, and it's not dodging at the last moment, but to release my serious speed to some extent and dodged it with composure.

Then, the human part shook.

Oh.

The body is pulled on contrary to the direction of movement at the accelerated moment, and it shook by the reaction at the same time as stopping.

Ugh, this is unpleasant.

Ah, this is no use if I don't straddle properly when moving.

Failure failure.

Kaguna's breath approaches me who's reflecting.

This time, I move by putting power to the part where the human and the spider is connected.

Un.

I was able it move properly this time without the body shaking.

Although I stretch both hands sideways to keep the balance on this occasion, from the feeling just now, it seems that I can keep the balance even if I don't do it.

Geere catches up with me desperately, and attacks.

Geere's speed is 4123.

It can't be compared with the monsters everywhere, but it can't catch up with my speed that's one digit difference.

I draw the approaching blade at the very limit this time, and evade it.

No problem.

The returned sword that aims at the neck of the human part is dodged just by having the human part to bend down.

Un.

The human part is considerably flexible.

Although I don't know whether it's the same level as a ballet or a gymnast, it seems that the body is soft that it can move without any inconvenience on the spider body.

If I feel like it, I can make the human body to lie on the spider body looking upward.

If it's that condition, it seems that I can move the body similar to the complete spider body.

Well, that will kill the advantage as the Arachne.

I stop Geere's blade with the hand.

The so-called the serious catching the sword with bare hands.

I just entrust to power and break the blade.

I produce threads from the fingertip and entwine Geere that stops moving like being surprised.

I swing Geere that was not able to move, and throw it.

Throwing it to Kaguna.

The two Dragons clash with each other like being entangled, and fall over.

I approach Fuito that can't do anything so far before the two Dragons revive.

The immature Dragon can't react to my speed, and the spear hand pierces the body deeply.

Fumu.

The spear hand has the offensive ability to even penetrate the scale and inflict damage.

Further from there, I produce threads in Fuito's body.

The threads destroy Fuito from the body, and take the life.

This is nasty.

It's convenient.

Geere who struggles without being able to break out of the threads and Kaguna who gets up.

I wind the threads around Kaguna.

I pull the threads that has the slash attribute as it is.

Ugh, hard.

As expected of a defense specialized.

But, that's only a little hard, and the threads cut the scale slowly, reaches the flesh, and finally, Kaguna's body was cut up.

I knocked down the remaining Geere that can't move with a fist.

One-two punch.

Right straight.

Hook.

It died when I realized it.

Un.

Conclusion.

When there's a hand, it's convenient in various ways.

I was able to discover the fault that I must straddle when moving with full power, so it was a very significant verification result.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

190 Cuisine

As for me who was satisfied after defeating the Earth Dragon trio, I search for further satisfaction and I'm currently scale peeling.

Troublesome.

Because my status is high, it's relatively easy to peel it off, but it's simply tiring to repeat the simple work.

Mentally and physically.

Did the former Body-in-charge that's the present Maou-in-charge do such a troublesome work all the time?

The value of that person comes to light at this point.

Finally, I have finished peeling off the three Dragons' scale.

It takes more longer than the combat in the sense of time.

But, it's big that I can handle minute work with the human hand that the previous clumsy spider body can't do.

Thanks to this hand, I should have been able to shorten the time considerably.

Well then, now that the obstructive scales have been peeled off, let's taste it at once.

First of all, I will try eating it with the spider body as before.

U-Umu.

Strange.

It's just a tough meat.

Although there's no bad smell, it's like eating the rock as it is.

I try to eat it with the human next.

Un?

Oh, I see.

Conclusion.

The sense of taste of the human is sharper.

Because I have the "Enhanced Five Senses" skill, the spider should have sharp sense of taste, but the taste can be understood more deeply by eating with the human.

This is a discovery.

From now on, I will eat not-so-delicious food with the spider body, and the delicious food with the human body.

That way. the delicious food will be more delicious, and I can endure to eat bad food.

And, the "Fire Magic" was learned through the middle-aged man with much efforts, so let's heat it lightly and eat.

Something like Dragon steak sounds wonderful with only the words.

It seems that I can somehow power up just by eating it.

It's impossible though.

I activate the "Fire Magic".

I'm weak in the manipulation of the fire attribute similar to the resistance.

Even though it's the same magic construction, I think that there's a difference because of the correction of the system's attribute affinity is received.

Because D make such a part devotedly, I'm troubled.

Even if I learned the "Fire Magic", the skill level is low and the accumulation of the skill proficiency is also slow.

It can't be used in the combat.

Well, if I say that, because the other attributes serve their purpose if there's the dark attribute, it doesn't seem that I will use it much in the combat other than gaining skill proficiency.

Although the soil and the wind have become the level that they can be used together with the dark soon, the dark usability is too good by all means, so I will give priority to that.

If there's the dark, I can manage it generally.

So, if I take that I will use the fire, I will only use it in the place that's separated from such combat.

The construction speed is also slow, a lot of magical powers necessary for activation are required, and when the magic is activated, the power is weak.

It's not suitable to use the magic that has bad affinity.

Well, it's fine because I can bring out the heating power that can at least roast the meat with my high status.

Although the control is more difficult than the other attributes, I will somehow adjust it to a good heat level and roast the meat.

The area is filled with the smell that the meat is roasted.

But then, there's no monster that's tempted by the smell.

There's no monster that will step into the territory of the Earth Dragons that reign over the lower layer purposely, and there's the me who made the Earth Dragons dead now.

If it's not an outstanding daredevil, there's no fool that will step in.

The Detection caught the figures of the monster that were tempted by the smell, came closer, and quickly returned several times.

And, the roasted Dragon steak without any hindrance.

I sprinkle it with the salt that I made by evaporating the seawater that I collected when I went to the sea.

Although it slightly smells of the beach, it's the only seasoning that I have.

It's the thing that I put it in the container that I created with "Soil Magic" and store it with Space Storage.

Then, first of all, I eat it with the spider body as the foretaste.

Because there's no problem, I eat it with the human body.

Umu, hard.

The hardness doesn't change much even if I roast it.

Rather, I feel that it became a little harder.

Although I can bite it by using my status, if it's a normal human, it's too hard to the extent that the chin will die.

The taste is close to the pig, I wonder?

It's light and plain.

The salt's beach smell, and it slightly smells of soil.

Because it's the Earth Dragon, it tastes like soil.

What the hell.

Although it's difficult to judge, I think I prefer to eat it raw that's dripping blood.

I accept the objection.

To be frank, I recommend to roast it and eat if you are a human.

Although I noticed it when I got the offering in the town, it looks like I have both the human's sense of taste and the monster's sense of taste for some reason.

The thing that the human thinks that it's delicious is usually eaten deliciously.

But, there's also thing that's delicious as a monster.

Specifically, it's raw meat and blood.

Wow, I'm a carnivore.

Although the monsters are not delicious generally, there's delicious monster once in a while.

I mean, the monsters that inhabit in a place other than the Elro Great Labyrinth are considerably delicious.

But, humans don't eat such raw meat.

Well, that's obvious.

That's why, my preference of taste is my preferences based on the memory as a human, and the preferences as a monster.

I sprinkle salt on the raw meat for trial and try to eat it.

Un, this is good.

This deliciousness probably can't be understood by humans.

Well, in the first place, it can't be eaten because it's too hard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ev-1: Elf Village 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village ①

A cave that opened quietly in the heart of the mountain of the Sariera country.

Sensei activates the Transfer magic circle in the hidden room.

「This Transfer magic circle connects to the Elf Village. Are you ready?」

I nod to Sensei's question.

Sensei who confirmed it, activates the Transfer magic circle.

My view is distorted.

That's only an instant, and when the distortion returned, I caught sight of a different scenery from a while ago.

From a small cave into a building somewhere.

It's a circular building that looks like a hall, and there are many Transfer magic circles on the floor.

However, the building doesn't matter now.

It was the innumerable point of swords that greet us who transferred.

We were surrounded by the Elf soldiers.

「Firimes, I think that it's a violation to bring outsiders」

Among the Elf soldiers, the man who seems to be the captain talks.

The language used is not the Human language.

It's the Elf language.

I'm glad that I learned the Elf language in the academy.

「They are Cooperators. I should have told the circumstances with Distant Communication, isn't it?」

「We should have also said it. That, although we understand your circumstances, we can't invite the Humans into the village」

「Now is not the time to be particular about the Humans. Please pull your swords」

「Never.If you leave at once, we will spare your lives. Turn back right now with the transfer circle」

「This won't end. Please call Potimas」

An intense atmosphere flows.

I calm Katia who almost became attack mode instinctively by a gesture.

I stand quietly in front of Anna who seems to tremble, and I protect her from the point of the swords and the eyes of the Elves.

「That's enough」

A man's voice sounded.

Although it has already many years ago, I have met this man once.

Potimas Hyphenath.

It was the man who was the patriarch of the Elves.

「I'm sorry for the violent welcome. All the Elves, let's accept the Hero and his comrades」

「Is it fine?」

「I don't mind. If they manage to break through the barrier by any chance, it's better to have more forces」

A disturbing sign mixes in Potimas's words.

Somehow, I can't have a good impression of this man.

Although there's also the fact that he appraised me suddenly in the first meeting, he has the eyes that seem to look down on anyone other than himself.

「Come. Although it's small, let's give a welcome banquet」

The Elf soldiers put the swords away.

Potimas walks quickly.

I follow his back in a hurry.

「Potimas, how's the situation?」

「It's not too good. I will tell you later」

Potimas answered Sensei's question coldly.

Even though the situation is not good, is it okay to do a welcome?

「Um, saying that the situation is not good, is it all right?」

I asked so instinctively.

「It can be said that it's all right, and it can also be said that it's not all right. However, it won't happen right now. There's the time to at least to have a meal. I will tell you in detail at that time」

Since then, Potimas look ahead and begins to walk.

That back refused any further questions.

We go out of the building that has the Transfer magic circles.

The forest where huge trees that should be several thousand years old spread there.

The hugeness that the diameter of one tree is 10 meters.

The root of the huge tree is hollowed, and it's used as a house.

If I looked back, the place that I thought that it was a building where the Transfer magic circles are there is the inside of the huge tree.

The Elf Village, rather than existing together with the forest, it was the forest itself.

The glance of the Elves fly from the inside of the tree house and the branch.

I understood it well that we are not welcomed by the glance.

It's said that the Elves are exclusive, but I didn't think that the swords were pointed suddenly, and we will be exposed to such an uncomfortable glance.

I look at Anna's state.

Although she looks firm, I understand that her hands are slightly shaking.

The Elf Village is a place full of bitter memory for Anna.

Surely, she must have been exposed to this glance since the time when she lived here.

I make sure to be close to Anna as much as possible.

Before long, Potimas enters the house of a tree.

The inside is like a conference room, and a round wooden desk was placed in the center.

We sit down on the seat as we were urged.

Cuisine has been carried there.

「Although it's the Elves' cuisine, it should also match the Humans' taste」

I try the cuisine by Potimas's offer.

Although it's quite bland with the vegetables at the center, the taste of the ingredients are drawn properly to that extent.

Certainly, it's delicious.

There's also the tiredness of the travel, so we ate up the cuisine silently.

「Well then, let's get to the main point」

After the Elf waiters clear the tableware, Sensei began to talk so.

「Yeah. I will explain the present condition」

Potimas starts explaining.

「The enemy has already arrived outside the Elf Forest. They are stopped by the barrier now, and the march stopped. The enemy is mainly the empire army, and the force is approximately 80000」

I'm surprised at the number.

In the present situation that the fight with the Demons is taking place, is the defense all right to mobilize this much soldiers?

Does Yuugo not put this in the outlook?

「The troublesome one is that the church is sending a considerable number of soldiers. When the fake Hero called Yuugo is announced officially, it seems that the person who connects the empire and the church is considerably strong」

As expected, I should consider that the church has been conquered by Yuugo's brainwashing ability.

「Although I think that you know that there's a barrier at the Elf Village, it seems that the church's magician is constructing a large-scale magic formula. From the scout's report, it seems to be an unknown magic formula that can't be analyzed. It's likely to be a magic to destroy the barrier. It's a large-scale magic formula that it needs several days to prepare」

「Needs several days!? Is it fine to not stop it!?」

「Rather than wanting to stop it, it can't be stopped. The barrier set up at the village is powerful, and we can't even pass through it. In order to arrived at this village, we have no choice but to use the special Transfer magic circles. It's a powerful thing that can even block the normal "Space Magic", and repel skills like Telepathy. Now, the number of Elves taking actions outside is 6000 people. It's not the force that can fight against an army of 80000」

I see.

The barrier has the thing that Sensei boasted, and it seems to be unexpectedly powerful.

「Um, how do you contact between the outside and the inside?」

「We used the technique called sign language. Although even the voices can't pass through the barrier, it doesn't block the view」

I see.

There's sign language in this world.

It's probably different from the one in the Earth though.

「It was a prediction that the completion of the magic formula will take a bit longer in the report from the outside. Therefore, as long as the barrier destruction magic is not completed, this village is still safe. That's the reason why I said that it's all right, but it's also not all right」

「Will the barrier break?」

「I don't know」

After that, we are said that we are tired from the long journey, the room was lent, and we sleep.

If the barrier is destroyed, the fight will start at that time.

Until then, I must recover the lost physical strength.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ev-2: Elf Village 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village ②

The next day, Katia and I were taken along by Sensei, and we went to a certain place in the Elf Village.

Actually, I don't want to part with Anna in the present state, but because Hyrinth-san said 「Leave it to me」, I have decided to depend on the kindness.

If possible, I wanted to go to the place where we are heading now with Katia only.

The place we are heading now is the place where the reincarnated people are sheltered.

Because similar trees grow in abundance, the scenery that doesn't change continues.

「It's a considerable walk」

「Yes. The Elf Village is wide after all. The vicinity of the center of the forest called the Garam Large Forest is approximately the same as Tokyo's 23 wards in wideness」

「That much!?」

「Yes. Because there's the agriculture ward, the population density is not so high though」

「Rather than a village, it's a country」

「That's right. Here has the natural fortress called the Large Forest, and double defense called the barrier that boasted of its impregnability for a long time. If you exclude that the Elves are exclusive, I think that it's the safest and easy-to-live place in the world. I thought of it before」

Sensei sighs.

「If the barrier is really destroyed, the safety can't be guaranteed. Because there's a distance from the outer circumference to the village, there won't be dangers in the village immediately after the barrier is destroyed, but it's likely to become a severe fight」

「Does Sensei think that the barrier will break?」

「It's just a possibility. Just because it hasn't broke even once so far, it can't be said that it won't break in the future. Overconfidence is a taboo」

「The barrier never broke before, huh? By the way, since when the barrier is put up?」

「I don't know. Even the eldest Elf except Potimas was told that the barrier was there since birth」

「By the way, that person's age?」

「I think that it was about 480」

「The scale is different」

While talking so, we arrived at the destination.

The enclosure of a small field and livestock, and the people who plow the field and take care of the livestock.

One of them notices us.

「Sensei, welcome back」

「Yes, I just came back」

A cold greeting.

Sensei's expression is somewhat firm.

It was one girl who approached.

Her age is probably the same as me.

Because the words that she speaks are Japanese, I understand it.

She is a reincarnated person.

「So, are those two people the new victims?」

「They are not victims」

「That will be a difference in consciousness. At least, I think that you are the assailant though. Well, never mind. So, what are your names? Ah, not your present names, but your former names」

The girl turns her gaze here with a serious atmosphere.

「I'm Yamada Shunsuke」

「Ooshima Kanata」

「Eh? Ooshima-kun?」

「That's right」

「Uwa」

「What's with that reaction. Who are you?」

「I'm Kudo Sachi. Well, as the people who are abducted, let's get along well」

Kudo Sachi.

It's the girl who did the chairperson of the class.

Our relationship was not so good, and speaking clearly, although she has a lot of enemies because of her personality, she also has a lot of allies.

Because of her personality, she comes into conflict with Yuugo several times.

But, what's on my mind now is Kudo-san's attitude towards Sensei and many disturbing words.

The relationship between Kudo and Sensei should have been good because Kudo is the chairperson and she has a lot of chances to come into contact with Sensei.

She is glaring at Sensei like seeing her parents' enemies.

The reason is probably the word "abduct" that came out from her mouth.

「Sensei, what does she means by abducted?」

「You two are not abducted by Sensei?」

「We came here to stop Natsume」

「Natsume-kun? Is he here?」

Kudo-san frowns.

I also frown seeing her state.

If it's this state, that means that Kudo-san doesn't know that Yuugo is invading the Elf Village.

I look at Sensei wondering what is this.

Sensei shakes her head silently.

Is it not to say unnecessary thing?

「Kudo-san, Natsume is trying to invade here now leading an army」

「What?」

Katia tells the truth.

Ignoring Sensei's glance.

「Sensei, sorry. After seeing such a condition here, I can't trust Sensei after all」

Katia who folds her arms and says so with a sigh.

「From what that can be heard in Kudo's story, the people here are all abducted and brought along to here, right? Moreover, after being brought, they are left to support themselves」

「No!」

「Not wrong. I was separated with this world's parents and was brought here, and the others are almost the same」

「That's what she says. Besides, you isolate them so that they don't receive any information, right?」

「Yeah. The life here is almost self-sufficiency. Although the Elves will bring anything insufficient if we ask, that's only the minimum. Get up in the morning, plow the field, take care of the livestock, cook it and eat it. That ends a day. Because the Elves are monitoring us, we can't escape, and because the Elves don't speak of any unnecessary things, we don't know anything about the outside」

「No, the purpose of self-sufficiency is to develop your self-support ability!」

「Even though we can't get out of here? Is there a need for such thing like self-support ability in such a keeping-until-death condition?」

「That's」

Sensei hesitates to say.

Everyone stopped the work and looked at the state.

「Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun come here because I want to ask a lot of questions」

Leaving the silent Sensei behind, Kudo-san begins to walk.

Katia follows her without hesitation.

I glanced at Sensei once, and pursued the back immediately.

Sensei looked down with the face that seemed to burst into tears.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ev-3: Elf Village 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village ③

It was a house of the tree that became like a big dining room where we are guided to.

「Here is the dining room as seen. Basically, everyone eats all three meals here」

I look around the dining room.

Somehow, I recalled the camp school that I went when I was in junior high school.

In the interior of the dining room, the four boys and girls that seemed to be former students were cooking in the kitchen part.

Their hand stop when they see our figure.

「Kudo-san, who?」

The boy who speaks with a dubious voice.

Well, Katia and I are armed, and if some strangers appear suddenly, of course he will be cautious.

「It's Yamada Shunsuke」

「Ooshima Kanata」

So, we say our names quickly.

That will be understood.

「Eh!? Shun and, Kanata!?」

The other three people also turn their eyes to use to the boy's voice.

Especially, towards Katia.

「Say, no need to guess, I'm the only one who changed in sex?」

「Yeah. There's no one in here who had their sex changed」

Katia who's shocked by Kudo-san's words.

Well, um, what.

Do your best.

「Oi oi. It's been a very long time!」

The first boy who called out, approaches while taking off the hat.

Although his appearance has changed, I feel a deja vu in that smile.

「Is it Ogi?」

「Yeah. You knew it well」

「A guy who has such a sultry smile can only be you」

I laughed lightly.

Ogiwara Kenichi.

It's a friend who belongs to the soccer club.

By the way, the reason why I called him Ogi from his family name instead of his given name is because it would be the similar to Yuugo's previous life, Natsume Kengo name.

「However, Ogi is in charge of cooking? If it's you, the work outside that uses stamina suits your nature more」

「Ah. About that」

The reflexes of Ogi who belonged to the soccer club was good.

Then, I thought that the outside farming is more suitable for him.

「At the beginning, we changed the management in rotation, but because we understood what we are good at and bad at, the management was fixed. Although Ogi-kun was able to do anything skillfully, I have him turn to be in charge of cooking because there's only a few people」

「No, although I did cooking for the first time in this world, I'm surprised in my talent」

Ogi who has a triumphant look and puffed up with pride.

Kudo-san's retort "Don't get carried away" enters there.

「Actually, when it's cooking for this number of people, it considerably a heavy labor. That's why, we are saved to have Ogi-kun who has stamina」

「The taste is fairly limited though」

Ogi who's being modest while being embarrassed.

Because there's still work to do, Ogi returned to the kitchen.

We sat on the seat again, and exchanged information mutually.

About Yuugo invading here from us.

The background.

And, the world situation.

We had Kudo-san to tell the life here.

There are 14 reincarnated people here.

In the story that we heard from Sensei in the old days, it was 12 people, so it increased by 2 people.

We had her to tell everyone's name.

The life here is just as what Kudo-san said a while ago, it seems to be a self-sufficiency life.

They eat the vegetables and the livestock that they brought up by themselves, and the thing that can never be procured is gotten from the Elves.

The daily necessities must be arranged by themselves as much as possible, and the Elves only give the things that really can't be obtained by themselves.

「This desk and the chairs are all made by our hands」

I looked at the chair that I'm sitting right now instinctively to Kudo-san's words.

It's a simple chair that's made by cutting the tree.

In addition, we had Kudo-san to tell us about the details of living in the Elf Village.

It seemed that Kudo-san was brought into this village when she was young and she can hardly speak yet.

In that case, it's said that Kudo-san's parents let go of her while crying.

Kudo-san said that she was bought with money.

「After all, the family where I was born seemed to be extremely poor. Although I was not able to talk, I was able to understand the contents of the conversation. It seems that I was sold with a price that's considerably higher than selling to be a slave normally」

Kudo-san who ridicules herself and smiles wryly.

Although the others seem to be much the same, there's the guy who was brought here almost like being abducted when he tried to live as an adventurer among them.

Mostly, when they are young.

It's said that when they young as the baby, as expected, the Elves have to take care of them.

After that, when one of them can work, they were made to take care of the field and livestock that comes with the Elves' assistance, and when they grew bigger, the Elves stop providing assistance.

I hear that it was only difficulty in the beginning.

Both farming and livestock raising are heavy labor for the childish body.

That alone was their very limit every day.

It's said that it was just recently that they have more time.

The body grew up to the extent that it looks like an adult, they acquire some know-how, and work became efficient.

Thanks to that, it's said that a little time was created.

「It's a problem about what to do during the free time though.」

「What do you mean?」

「The Elves don't want us to acquire the skills. That's why, the monitoring and this living」

Even though it's their very best to live, the skills of the reincarnated people in here don't improved much.

Excluding two people.

The two people brought here later seemed to live as an adventurer.

It's said that they might be late to be caught by the Elves because they moved from place to place.

Because the two people have been an adventurer, their skills are high.

「We have choices. The way that we train the skills stealthily, and the way to spend days in this birdcage in the same manner as before」

Either way, I still want time to think.

But, Yuugo might attack soon.

Kudo-san's troubled to the information.

After that, we ate together with every reincarnated people.

We enjoyed talking in the reunion after a long time.

We had a long talk to celebrate the reunion alternately in the dining room for almost a day.

But, Kyouya was not among them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter bat-1: Because I am a teacher
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Because I am a teacher

I am a weak human.

Ah, because I am an Elf now, it's a weak Elf.

Anyway, I am weak.

I was a teacher in the previous life.

It was my dream to become a teacher since childhood.

I wanted to become the teacher who can laugh with students.

I didn't spare the effort for that purpose.

I have dabbled in all the things that the children seemed to be interested in the generation.

Game, manga, novel, and I even searched the internet.

I studied hard of the things that seemed to become the contents of the talk.

Though I was seriously addicted to it slightly.

Like that, I changed my tone, make a character, I'm called as a strange and slightly regrettable teacher, and I became a person who was easy to befriend.

Although the regrettable part is because it's the part of my true nature, it turn out all right in the end.

But, I thought at the same time.

Is this really good?

Was it really my dream to laugh together with a false self?

But, I was scared that exposing my real self will break the position that I built until then.

That's why, every day passed while depending on the present conditions.

And, I reincarnated into a different world.

I became panic.

The last thing that I remembered was teaching.

The memory beyond there broke off, and when I realized it, I became a baby.

Besides, the people who looked at me, all have long and sharp ears.

That is the living thing called the Elf, and I understood it immediately from the Otaku knowledge that I accumulated until then.

And, my present state as well.

Different world reincarnation.

I got involved to the thing that became a boom in the internet.

I am weak.

I can't even live my second life with a defiant attitude like the protagonist who's suddenly thrown into a different world, and live strongly in the novel,

I was not able to abandoned the fact that I am me.

Like that, it was the thing called teacher that I clung with a confused head.

I am a teacher.

Then, I must think about the students first.

That was my idealized image of a teacher.

And, I had the convenient skill naturally.

『Student List』

It's probably the unique skill that only I have in the world.

The effect is the present, past and future of the former students who are reincarnated are written down roughly.

If I close my eyes, the list will rise from the depths of my heart.

If I open the list, the previous life names are written in the order of the attendance number, and if I remind of the name strongly, I can inspect the information of the name's owner.

However, only really simple information that can be inspected by this skill.

The past, this is the record at the moment they are born.

Born somewhere.

Only that is recorded.

The present, the present state of the name's owner is expressed with a word.

Healthy, sick, fatigue, etc.

The present location, etc, are not known.

And, the future.

In here, the time when the student dies and the cause of the death are written roughly.

Apparently, the time is assumed to be 0 when I was born and it's written down that 365 days as one year.

And, I was shocked seeing that time.

Most of the students died within 20 years.

When I saw it, I lost consciousness without being able to endure it.

I could not accept the fact, and I escaped from reality while trembling for a few days.

But, the reality doesn't change.

Time passes even if I can't look straight at it.

And, I noticed.

The student that has the earliest death time which is written that the student will die when it's a baby, disappeared silently before I know it.

The blank space in the list.

I had to resolved myself for it after seeing it.

Among the remaining students, 10 people's death times were within two or three years after birth.

I relied on the thing called skill.

The "Student List" is also a skill, so if it's this world that has such a mysterious power, I thought that there might be a thing that can do something like Telepathy.

The Otaku knowledge that I searched during my previous life was useful.

I hear the Divine Word comparatively easy, and I succeeded in acquiring the "Telepathy" skill.

Fortunately, my father was Potimas who's the Patriarch of the Elves.

In addition, normally, a person will doubt the daughter's sanity if his own daughter speak about the previous life, but Potimas believed in my story easily.

Somehow, it seemed that Potimas has thought that I was different from the beginning.

Although it was a dangerous bet, I won the bet, and Potimas promised the protection of the reincarnated people.

It went well there.

From the past description, I know where the students were born.

If I search around there, it should be fine.

The Skill Search in the Ruler authority that I obtained afterwards was useful.

Unfortunately, there were students who died, but most of the students' well-being were able to be confirmed.

Sometimes, it was settled with money, and sometimes, I did something not much different from kidnapping.

That is a clear crime.

But, the Elves didn't hesitate to carry it out.

The Elves also have their own circumstances.

The Elves are aiming at the world without skills as much as possible to oppose the Administrator.

And, the reincarnated people somehow have a large amount of skill points from the beginning, and they seemed to be born with a powerful skill.

If such reincarnated people polish the skills, they will catch the Administrator's attention, and they might be used for the Administrator's good.

There was credibility in the story.

The death reason that's written down in the "Student List".

『Death by skill deprivation』

It's still written as the death reason of Shun-kun and Katia-chan.

This reason was written on most students.

By making them living in the environment that can't develop the skills in the Elf Village now, the death reason decreased.

The future item changes relatively frequent.

But, the one sentence that "this skill was deprived and die" was not changed.

And, the time that it occurs was all the same.

It's this year.

And, there's no future description after that.

The description other than the students dying this year becomes blank.

I become scared when I think what it means.

My name is not in the "Student List".

It's obvious.

Because I am a teacher.

I don't know about myself.

But, it's like that.

The students that died by deprivation of skills are students with a lot of skills.

And, I also have many skills.

Probably, I will die at that time too.

Because I will die, I think that I don't know what will happen after that.

I am scared.

I don't want to die.

I also thought about "Skill Erasure".

But, I can't let go of the power of the skill until I do something on Yuugo.

In addition, if I erase my skills with "Skill Erasure", I don't know what the Elves would do.

"Skill Erasure" means surrendering the power to the Administrator.

If I give power to the hostile opponent, the Elves might become an enemy.

It's not strange even if Potimas purges me without changing his expression.

If it's only that, it's fine, but it might bring harm to the protected students.

The Elves don't protect the reincarnated people with good will.

Then, there's only one way.

Perhaps, make the opponent that comes to deprive the skill to defeat the Administrator.

Although I don't know whether such thing can be done or not, I have no choice but to do it.

Before that, it's Yuugo.

It's my responsibility as a teacher that he has turned out that way.

I must take the responsibility.

I open the "Student List" by the name of Natsume Kengo.

It's written as death in action in the Elf Forest.

I swallow saliva.

I will kill a former student after this.

Although I have prepared for it, still, I come to have a pain in the stomach, and feel nauseated.

Why did it become like this?

I only wanted to become a teacher who can laugh together with the students.

Kudo-chan's cold glance recalled in my mind.

I understand it.

It became like this because I don't explain properly.

Although I might not be forgiven even if I explain it, still, I think that a one-sided hostility was not directed to there.

But, I can't do it.

The "Student List" that saved the life of the students.

There's one restriction there.

Students' inspection prohibition.

It's a curse-like restriction that I can't tell the information of the "Student List" to a student.

No matter how I explain it, I can't say anything about the "Student List".

It's obvious to spill the existence carelessly.

Besides, the frightening part of this restriction is that it will bring harm to the students who heard it and not to me who said it.

Although I think that it depends on the degree, the worst case, it's a serious penalty that brings death.

Although I have not tried it, I don't intend to try it.

I can only remained silent.

Rather, I want to tell everything.

The "Student List" is not perfect either.

When Katia-chan was brainwashed, I was not able to perceive the abnormality, and Shun-kun's death that was displayed was evaded when we rescue Leston-kun without incident.

Although I don't know what exactly cause the deviation, I suspect that the Ruler skill might be related.

Then, if it's Shun-kun who has the Ruler skill, isn't it fine to tell him?

I have also been driven by the temptation.

But, I can't tell him after all.

I can't let him to shoulder unnecessary risk.

At present, the problem is I am only hated.

It's not to the level that everyone's dissatisfaction will blow up yet.

Then, it's one of my work that the teacher is hated by the students.

I will accept it contentedly.

This much is nothing.

It's a lie.

I am sad.

I am weak.

I am scared.

I don't want to die, and I don't want them to die.

Am I right?

Is it not wrong?

I don't know.

But, there's no one who I can talk with.

The Elves can't be trusted.

I can't tell to the students.

Am I being a teacher properly?

Someone, please tell me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

191 Tsuchigumo

I'm digging now.

What am I doing?

I told you that I'm digging.

I come to the town late at night now, and I'm digging a hole secretly in a suitable vacant land.

It's good to be able to dig a hole without getting the hands dirty by using the "Soil Magic".

I keep extra soil in the different space of the Space Storage magic once.

I dig the hole of the size that I can go in, and I dig until the underground deeply.

When I dig to some extent, I expand the inside.

Like that, an underground room of the size of a small room was completed.

Umu.

The result is quite good even if I say so myself.

Next, I close the place that becomes the entrance with soil, and if it doesn't look weird from the outside, it's completed.

In that case, I make holes of the size of the ant's nest that my threads can pass through.

Other than letting the threads pass through, it also has the role as air hole.

However, because I can't be relieved if it's such a small hole, I dig the hole sideways this time.

I connect it with the ground in a place quite far away from the town.

The size of the hole is made to the extent whether a person can pass or not.

With this, the secret basement was completed.

If you ask why I made such a thing, there are several reasons.

One of it is for information gathering.

I don't know what happened to the war after I rampaged there, so I think that I should gather information usually.

With such meaning, I thought that I should make familiar town's basement as the base after all.

As for the second reason, making the shelter to escape from the Demon King.

The effect of the Demon King's escape prevention skill somehow has an effective range, and if I don't enter the effective range, I can escape beforehand.

I'm absolutely more advantageous because I have Transfer and Marking.

But, I might make a blunder one day if I run around haphazardly.

So, I made several simple bases like this that become the refuge, and I think that I will run from place to place.

The third.

Although this is an extra thing, it's to see the state of the Vampire child.

The Vampire who was born in the house of a big shot of the country that's under war now.

With that phrase only, I can already expect an eventful life.

Although it's fine to even abandon her, when she's in the range where I can reach her, I'm somehow interested.

Well, it's a feeling of to see her incidentally because I'm interested.

The fourth.

This is the most important.

I inhale greatly.

I put strength into my stomach.

I straddle.

It's coming.

It's not dirty.

It's the egg.

Yes, I will lay eggs in this place.

It has been confirmed that the egg that this me laid becomes the last shelter when I fight with the Demon King.

If it's really hopeless, if I have this egg, I can revive again.

It's the thing that secures my immortality more than the "Immortality" skill in a certain meaning.

It's crucial to set up an egg in somewhere as the last insurance.

I after this, intend to set up eggs in the several bases similarly.

Then, it's next to impossible to smash all the eggs.

Even if someone carry out a base crushing using human-wave tactics, if there's one base remains, I can revive.

Main body is immortal, and even has the revival.

In addition, if it becomes a pinch when escape prevention is not used, I will escape with Transfer.

What's that, scary.

I don't even know how to defeat myself even if I say so myself.

I thought of it.

As a result, I understood it.

The way to defeat the Demon King will disappear at the moment when Maou-in-charge falls flat.

No, that is really impossible.

Seriously speaking, as long as I don't reach the Administrator class, that can't be defeated.

Then, what would you do if you can't defeat it?

The idea of the reversal.

It's fine even if I don't defeat her.

And, I should just become an existence that can't be defeated.

Therefore, I activated the plan of making me immortal.

Normally, immortality is impossible at this point in time, but I can do it.

I felt that even if the Demon King says that I'm a monster, it can't be helped.

I intend to deploy ten eggs in one base for the time being.

Because they will hatch if I just leave them, it's necessary to collect it regularly and deploy it again.

Even if it takes the trouble, I want to prepare the numbers for the eggs always.

It's the last stronghold after all.

Should I throw the hatched babies into the Elro Great Labyrinth?

Their seniors are evolving smoothly, and if I let them join, it should be fine.

Next, I think that I should store a little food.

It's painful if there's no food when I hatch from the egg.

The status falls immediately after revival, it's impossible to wait until recovery without eating or drinking.

I should put the preserved food of the amount that can recover to the extent that Transfer can be used.

Now that it's decided, I think that I should go to catch Water Drakes and make them into dried fish.

If it's rotten to some extent, it still can be eaten, but if I want to eat, I prefer eating delicious things.

For the time being, after I make another two or three bases, let's go to overfish the Water Drakes.

Let's do that.

However, if I revive this time, what will happen to my appearance?

Palm-sized Arachne?

Or, at first, I will be the spider form and when I grow up, the human form grows.

In case of being a mini Arachne from the beginning, will the babies be the same?

Then, will it become another species with the babies that are already in the Elro Great Labyrinth?

That seems interesting, and I'm looking forward for it.

It's better to not use the revival, and these eggs should hatch normally.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

192 Sea fishing part 2

It's the sea.

It's fishing.

Swim?

I won't do it.

I don't do it.

It's not that when I try to do a crawl, my spider body overturned and was almost drowned.

No is no.

It's frightening that I can't sink.

I want you to imagine it.

The state of having a float attached to your waist, and you get into the water upside down.

Besides, the float can't be removed.

Even if you let your feet struggle, you are only cutting the sky.

I thought that I was going to die.

I'm immortal though.

Ah, no, it's different.

In fact, I didn't almost die.

Surely, it's your hallucination.

There's no way this magnificent me will drown in the sea and was about to die.

Ahahahaha.

Well then, let's forget the unhappy incident and fish.

I attach a suitable bait similar to the last time, and throw a thread into the sea.

Hit.

Caught it, caught it.

As usual, the fish in this sea bites at every cast.

A heavy response.

This is a big one!

Huh?

The big one in this sea is bad, right?

As I thought, it was the Water Dragon that I caught.

It seems to be level 23.

It seems to be almost the same strength as the Earth Dragon Geere.

That's fished by me with a thread, and was pulled to the beach.

Ah, ah, un.

Certainly, the level is high, and the ability value is also high.

It also has a lot of skills, and about the same strength as Geere. It's considerably strong.

However, if it's the present me, even if I fight directly, I can win with composure.

Even if I fight directly.

The Water Dragon can be said as the dragon of the water.

As it inhabits in the sea, the combat ability in the water is high.

What happens when it comes ashore?

The answer is it will writhe on the beach.

This Water Dragon seems to be an underwater specialized type.

It can't adapt itself on the land.

It's just like the aspect like the whale on the land.

Even if I leave it alone, it seems to die before fighting against me.

Is that fine for you, Water Dragon?

The Water Dragon that I caught in the same way before is an amphibious type though.

It looks like the type changes depending on the species that the Water Dragon evolved.

The Earth Dragons didn't have anyone other than the same species, so the Dragon might be the only one.

Well, even if it's not so, if I see the Earth Dragons, I understand that they have a lot of types. Then, it's not strange even if the Water Dragons have a lot of types.

Among the many types, it's not strange even if there's a species that completely adapt itself underwater and didn't adapt itself on the land.

Rather, it might be a lot.

All the monsters of the Water Drake types that I caught last time were monsters made with the base of the creature in the sea of Earth.

Naturally, they can't adapt on the land.

Aren't there a lot of Water Dragons that evolved from there that can't adapt on the land?

If it's underwater, they will show a matchless strength, but they are powerless on the land.

If the Earth Dragon is the strategy specialized type that has outstanding status, the Water Dragon is the environment specialized type that uses the field called the sea.

When I think of something useless, the Water Dragon became more bad.

It seems that it doesn't have the energy to jump around, and it's twitching.

Its HP decreases considerably too.

If this goes on, it will die in another several minutes.

Is it that?

Must it use its gills to breath?

Un.

I didn't see it.

Well then, let's continue fishing.

I throw a thread into the sea again as if nothing happened.

The one caught was the pseudo-blow fish that the summoner summoned before.

Ah, because this guy also has the "Water Drake" skill, it's a Water Drake.

However, it has poison, huh?

Wait.

Before this, I can't do minute things, so I ate the poisonous organs, but now that I have the human hand, won't I be able to take out the organs only?

You'll never know unless you try, so let's try it.

At first, I cut the stomach with the sickle thinly.

I put the human hand into the cut, and expand it.

I scrape out the insides.

I don't know which organ has the poison in the blow fish, for the time being, I take out all of the organs.

Isn't it good?

I try to eat the separated meat for trial.

Oh, this is good.

There's no peculiar bitterness like the time I ate the poison.

It's a fresh taste.

Ha.

Oops.

Because it was delicious, I ate the whole thing unconsciously.

The purpose of making preserved food has changed into secret eating.

Oh, well.

There's no need to be in a hurry.

The Demon King is still battling against the Earth Dragons.

I think that it will probably end by today.

In other words, I still have time today.

It will take several days to crawl out of the bottom layer, and if I make full use of Transfer and continue escaping, there's no problem.

Let's spend the day fishing peacefully.

However, what should I do with these organs?

Because I have the "Abnormal Condition Nullity", there's no problem even if I eat it, but eating something that I know that it taste bad is....

Umumu.

But, leaving behind is against my principle.

It's different when it's a part that clearly can't be eaten like the scales, but poison is pretty much edible.

Although I think that poison is not a food, because I have continue eating poison from the moment I was born, it's too late.

Yosh.

Let's eat it.

Ue, bad.

The blow fish's poison is said to be strong after all.

Although the poison in this world is different from the one in Earth, it has the "Deadly Poison Attack" skill at level 4, so it doesn't change the fact that it's a considerably strong poison.

「Is it your hobby to eat poison voluntarily?」

I don't have such hobby.

This is only because I don't want to leave behind any leftovers.

Hmm?

Who are you?

「It's been a long time」

When I looked back, Administrator Gyuriedistodiez stood there.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

193 The Administrator complains

Gyurigyuri throws the dying Water Dragon casually to the sea.

How should I say..., the way he handle it is rude.

The Water Dragon seemed to resume breathing, and it just swam and left.

Gyurigyuri sits down next to me.

「It seems that you have act violently very much」

*Startled*.

Crap, is he angry?

To be frank, if the opponent is the Demon King, I can use the egg revival, so a situation that I can't die is created even though it's not 50-50.

But, this man is different.

Administrator Gyuriedistodiez.

This man is the resident of the same area as D who's this world's strongest existence.

In other words, God.

It's not a metaphor, but truly a God.

The cheat of cheat that can interfere the system partly.

Recently, I'm starting to grasp vaguely what kind of existence is the God.

When it becomes like that, I understand well how dangerous this man and D are.

If the Demon King is a tank, Gyuriedistodiez is a nuclear weapon.

It's the problem before winning or losing because it ends when it explodes.

He's such an existence.

He's at the second place that I must not make him angry following D.

The second place that wins the Demon King in the third place by a wide margin.

I see, here's my place to die, huh?

「Thanks to that, I'm having a headache」

Gyurigyuri lets out a big sigh.

Ah, un.

Rather than he's angry, it's like the atmosphere that the boss who held an apology festival because the subordinate's mistake.

Although he's not angry, he's only feeling tired.

Gyurigyuri distort the space, and takes something out.

Bottle?

「Do you drink?」

When he remove the cover, a mellow smell drifts.

It was alcohol.

Gyurigyuri takes out two glasses from the different space, and pours alcohol.

One of those has been handed to me by force.

「Accompany me. I'm allowed to exhibit this much power」

Ah, yes.

Although I didn't drink alcohol before because I'm minor, because it's scary if I decline in this situation, I will accompany you.

Gyurigyuri drinks up the alcohol in a single gulp.

Good drinking manner.

This person must be drinking considerably usually.

Although I don't understand about alcohol, for the time being, I will enjoy the smell.

It's a strange feeling that the smell mixes with the smell of the sea.

One gulp like that.

Ah, it's slightly sweet, and it's delicious.

「There's a lot of it. Drink it without holding back」

I drink up the alcohol in the glass as I accept the offer.

Gyurigyuri pours another helping without a moment's delay.

I enjoyed the alcohol that I drink for the first time in my life.

「Good grief, the trash Potimas confined himself indoors. Although I have placed the minimum nail, I'm sure that he's thinking of something worthless. Even though that is already a hopeless trash, Sariel says not to kill him. If those words were not told, I will tear him apart and beat him down into the Hell. Neither Ariel and Dustin listen to what a person is saying. Especially, Ariel. Even though I told her many times to not interfere, what kind of thoughts does she has to jump into the vortex. Ah, I understand her circumstances, but then, if she consulted me, I could at least mediate for her. Although I think that the guy is at least my companion, this means it's my own complacent. Well, it suits me who's a stray Dragon. Loner, loner」

「Uhehe. The world is shining」

「It's probably not shining. Such a world, if Sariel was not here, it would be abandoned long time ago. Although I can't forgive what the other Dragons did, the people in this world are all fools and trashes. It's a good evidence that not even a person is liberated by the purgation system. Everybody only accumulates crime points, and it won't even decrease. How much evildoing must be accumulated until they are satisfied. And yet, they babble something like subjugating the evil Dragon, and challenge my subordinate that I entrust the area's management. Which one is the evil one, huh? Good grief」

「Ah, happiness」

「I'm unhappy. The future is very bleak. However, it can't be helped. This is also the weakness of falling in love. I want to grant her wish. Even if she will die because of that, if she smiles in her last moment, I will endure anything. However, I'm not concerned with the future things after she dies」

「Ui」

「You are also you. Not enough just by picking a fight with Ariel, you even interfere in the human's war. What are you trying to do? Ah, no. I understand your reasons and your feelings. I also thought a lot of times that I want to tear them apart. Speaking honestly, it's true that I feel a little relieved. The Divine Word Religion has terrible corruption, and the Goddess Religion has become quite different from the normal teachings. In the first place, Even though they have no rights to believe in Sariel, they are shameless. Know shame. Shame」

「Kill everyone」

「As a matter of fact, that's the quickest. Unfortunately, because Sariel hates that the most, cleaning up is impossible. And, because I can't betray this Sariel's feelings, cleaning up is impossible. It's something that I can't have it on my way. If I don't drink alcohol, I can't do it」

「Alcohol is delicious」

「Good drinking manner. Drink more」

「Yay」

Good morning.

Huh?

When did I sleep?

Somehow, yesterday's memory is vague halfway.

I drink alcohol with Gyurigyuri, and hears his complaint.

What happened?

Although I feel that I heard Gyurigyuri's complaint for a long time, I can't recall it in detail.

Gyurigyuri is not here anymore.

He only come here to drink in frustration?

He only wants me to hear his complaint?

What's with that God?

For the time being, I understood one thing.

Alcohol is delicious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

194 The Demon King talks

『Splendid』

The Earth Dragon Gakia falls down.

「That's my line」

It was splendid.

In defiance of the overwhelming force difference, the Earth Dragons led by Gakia confined this me.

If I exclude the special opponent that's fighting against me now, it was a very long time to have a hard time in a direct confrontation.

『It's my desire』

Light disappears from Gakia's eyes.

The Dragon that lived for a long time finished its life.

I look at the corpse of the fallen Gakia.

It's not that I particularly have any exchange with Gakia.

But, in the fact that the Dragon that exist for a long time perished, I feel a thing like the indescribable sentiment.

Another one, old existence disappeared and.

Because it was done by my hands.

I shake off the worthless sentiment.

There's something that I must do now.

First of all, I will eat the corpse of Gakia, and after that, I must also eat the other eight bodies.

Because they moved around in the bottom layer, the corpses of the Earth Dragons scattered here and there.

Although it's troublesome, I must recover them and eat them without fail.

Leaving behind is against my principle.

Wait.

Strange.

Did I have such principle?

Hmm?

Oh, well.

No.

Not good.

This is not good.

There was a harbinger.

But, this is the first time that the thought changed plainly to here.

Since when?

No, it's obvious.

It was when I received the Earth Dragons' restriction.

The opponent that I fight against now.

It was a threat that's experienced for the first time in my live so far.

I live long.

I should live long next to Sariel-sama and Gyurie in this world.

In the long life, I experienced many death-like experiences.

I was not superior to that extent, and I barely lived in a life of life-or-death until I was picked up by Sariel-sama.

After I was picked up by Sariel-sama, I always half-dead, and I'm merely lucky to be able to survive.

In the early days when the system was made, I encountered dangers many times.

I was almost killed by the monster called enemy created by the system, I was almost killed by the Humans and the Demons, and I was also chased by the Elves.

I overcome those dangers, and I became the oldest Divine Beast before I know it.

It's said that the more you fight, the more stronger you get by the favor of the system.

I think that it's ironical.

Among my comrades, the weak me has the power of the strongest class in the world now.

But, I only did the fight that corresponds to gain the power all the time.

Even if I looked back on my combat experience, the enemy this time was different.

It clings onto the soul directly, and devours it.

That's as if the act of God that I heard it from talk.

I thought that it was only Gyurie who can do such a thing in this world.

There was an uncomfortable feeling.

I felt that my subordinates' state were a little stiff.

But, I ignored it.

After all, they are just my pieces.

Even if they are a little stiff, it's fine if they are usable.

I thought so.

It was recently that Gyurie brought the talk of the reincarnated people from a different world.

They are victims, and there's also the intention of Administrator D, so if possible, don't interfere with them.

At this time, I didn't think that it will affect me to this extent.

The reincarnated people are still young, so I thought that there was a postponement of several years even if I reach the point to get concerned with them.

I was naive.

I didn't think that there was a person who tried to take over my subordinates among the reincarnated people.

And, that aim of attack was even turned to me.

When I noticed it, my soul has already been possessed.

And, I'm gradually eaten.

An attack that I have not experienced so far.

The discomfort that my existence is eaten completely.

Even if I resist, I can only delay the attack because I'm not used to the battlefield called the soul.

I have fought against the "Heresy Magic" user several times.

That's the magic that acts on soul.

But, then, it's possible to deal with it.

If I kill the user physically, it should be fine.

But, this person is different.

In the first place, the main body is not near.

I searched for this person's main body.

Using the connection that possessed my soul reversely.

It's the first time for me to do such a thing, and there's no such ability in the skills.

Therefore, I was not confident.

I only felt that it's there somehow.

I head to the Elro Great Labyrinth for that reason only.

As a result, I heard a rumor of a spider monster called the Divine Beast on the way, and I confronted that person.

Because the soul was connected to me, I predicted it.

That person is my kin, and it was the individual that evolved abnormally that's not intended.

Why did such an irregular generate?

Ironically, because the erosion of the opponent who possessed me advanced, I was made to understand.

It's a reincarnated person from a different world.

Besides, the Administrator D is related.

It was the worst.

It's the other party that Gyurie said to not to interfere.

Having said that, if I stand and watch without interfering like this, I will be eaten.

And, I killed that person.

I should have killed it.

And yet, that person still clings to my soul.

And, I sensed that the main body of that person was not dead from the connection of the soul vaguely.

Without understanding what to do, I get rid of my former subordinate that was taken over that the whereabouts is clear first.

I should have gotten rid of it.

And yet, even that person seemed to revive at another place without dying.

I don't understand it at all.

Although I lived for a long time, as for such an unreasonable opponent, it's my first time.

Without understanding what to do, the pursuit of the Earth Dragons when I feel like crying.

And, it reach the present.

The situation is near the worst.

I don't even know whether I can keep myself properly or not anymore.

And yet, I don't become too uneasy.

Well, only carefree thought of "I can manage it somehow", comes into my mind.

Finally, my personality might have changed by the erosion.

I might be only bothered by myself and have already been eaten completely.

But still, the me who thinks "Oh, well" is frightening even if I say so myself.

It's no use even if I think.

Somehow, it seems that there's no choice of not eating the Earth Dragons in me.

I'm actually hungry, and when thinking about the effect of "Gluttony", it's a fact that I should eat.

Then, there's no need to hesitate.

「Itadakimasu」

「Don't eat」

There was an answer in the monologue.

When I looked back, Gyurie stood there with a serious look.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

195 Changes

「So, who are you now?」

I think to Gyurie's question.

「Seeing from Gyurie, which one do you see?」

After I thought, I asked back in return.

Although it's in a form of returning a question with a question, it can't be helped.

Because I myself don't know the answer to Gyurie's question.

「I see both of you, but also not. The present you have mixed too much to the extent that it's impossible to say that you are either one of you. However, apparently, your consciousness is close to Ariel」

「Ah, as expected. I see」

I scratch my head while smiling wryly.

Although I was able to expect it, it becomes the feeling that "I see" again when it's pointed out from another person.

「Your tone seems to be close to that」

「Yeah. Incidentally, I feel that the thought is also close to that」

Otherwise, I will not have such optimistic feeling.

Before this, I'm a careful coward.

Experiencing that I will die at present, and it was a good evidence that I haven't died mentally.

「And so, what will you do from now on?」

「I don't know」

I really don't know.

In the situation that the soul has mixed to here, even if I defeat the opponent's main body, it's probably too late already.

And, the biggest problem was that I can't think of a way to defeat that main body.

On top of accomplishing the mysterious revival even if I defeat it, it can't be easy to catch it because it has Transfer in the first place.

I met it before was only because I was lucky, and the main body is an idiot.

Even if I chase it, I can't catch it. Even if I caught it, I can't defeat it.

Even if I can defeat it, I probably can't return to my former self anymore.

There's not even the guarantee that the erosion won't advance any further.

I'm cornered.

「To be honest, I have already been checkmated. Whether I will remain as me or not is about 50-50, but can that me be called as me? It can be said that the existence called Ariel has already changed and disappeared in such meaning」

I don't say that I died.

Both the memory and the thought as Ariel remain in me.

But, the way of thinking is different from the old days.

Can that really be called as me?

It's a difficult problem that it's hard to give an answer.

「Why didn't you consult me until it become like this?」

Gyurie asked with a slightly sorrowful face.

「No, what can I consult with a guy who drinks with my opponent?」

Although he came over with a serious look, you can't deceive my sense of smell.

Gyurie drank alcohol.

Besides, from the faint smell in the air, it seemed that he come in contact with the main body of the opponent that I'm fighting against now.

Somehow, because there's a smell of a human in addition to the smell that I smelled before, there's another person there.

「I only come in contact with her as an Administrator」

「I understand. That's why, I can't consult you」

Gyurie is an Administrator.

When you manage this world, you must not take sides with someone on your own convenience.

Therefore, even if I'm on the verge of death, I can't rely on Gyurie.

Because that is not fair.

「But still, even if I can't get involved directly, I can at least mediate between you two」

「Isn't it uncool to beg in tears from the beginning?」

「And, this is the result of having your own way」

「When you said so, well」

Because I have really lived for a long time, my pride might have become higher.

If I rely on Gyurie from the beginning, this would not happen.

But, regarding it, I don't regret it.

「Seeing from Gyurie, was it a problem that can be solved if you mediate between us?」

「At least, a cease-fire should have been possible. The position that you and that are aiming is similar」

「I see」

It's good only to be able to hear that.

Even if the existence called me disappears, there's an existence that inherits my will.

If I'm eaten by that opponent, it's not meaningless for me to disappear.

「And, it's not too late even if it's from now, you know?」

「Hmm. I will pass. Now that I have come this far, I will confirm the ending by myself」

「I see」

Even if the existence called me remains or disappears.

「Seeing from Gyurie, what's the possibility that I will remain?」

「Half-to-half. The separation of the soul has already reached the level that I can't do anything with it. Either way, the existence called you will remain in some form, but I can't even imagine what kind form will it be」

「Yeah」

「Anyhow, it seems that the side that possessed your soul can't stop the fusion on its own will. Which thought will come into surface is also not understood. Perhaps, in the end of mixing, there's even the possibility that you will become a completely different thing」

Let's pray that it won't become like that.

I will fight against it as much as I can because I have the feeling to want to remain if possible.

「For the time being, I will chase the escaped main body. After that, I will think after meeting it」

「I see. As for me, I want you and that to reconcile if possible」

「Did your feelings boil after having a drink with it?」

「I think so. I can agree why D likes that. That is a very pleasant existence」

Gyurie answered so to the question that I asked jokingly.

How unusual.

For this man to leak such an impression of the other party who's totally unrelated to Sariel-sama.

It seems that he likes it very much.

「Cheating?」

「It's absolutely different. Although it's interesting to look at that, it's a very troublesome existence if I get close to it. I can't have love feelings to such person」

「Ah, yeah」

Is he praising it, or speaking ill of it?

If I had to say then, it's speaking ill of it.

「Then, I will do my best so that the three of us can drink alcohol in the future」

「Ah. Be strong」

Perhaps, I exchange the greetings that might be the final farewell.

When Gyurie tries to leave with Transfer, I noticed it.

「Hey, leave the Earth Dragon」

「I refuse」

Gyurie says it coldly, and leave together with the corpse of the Earth Dragon with Transfer.

After that, although I look around the bottom layer, the other Earth Dragons were collected.

Damn you.

The next time I meet you, I must avenge myself.

Therefore, it becomes impossible to disappear here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195.1: Before The War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before the war

【Shun】

「Yo. I heard that Natsume is attacking here」

「Tagawa and Kushitani-san, huh?」

「We are the few reincarnated people who have combat ability here. So, if the barrier breaks, we will also participate」

「I actually want to hide though」

「You two have act as adventurers, right?」

「Yes. This idiot says something incomprehensible that it's a royal road to become an adventurer if you are reincarnated with cheats」

「And, I distinguish myself since the days when I'm a rookie adventurer, I raise my rank at a dash and attract attention, and someday, I will leave my name in this world!」

「Ah」

「See, he's an idiot, right?」

「You two are childhood friends?」

「Yeah. Even in the previous life and this world. It can be said as an inseparable relationship」

「What's with that. Aren't we in a relationship?」

「Shut up!」

「Err, are you dating?」

「Yes!」

「Little by little」

「There's no need to be embarrassed」

「Shut up!」

「Ah, well, may you be happy」

「What's with that lukewarm eyes?」

「It's because you are an idiot」

「Isn't it harsh?」

「I think that it's an appropriate evaluation though」

「I love such cold Asaka」

「Aren't you stupid?」

「Um, because it looks like I'm a hindrance, I will return」

【Firimes】

「What's wrong? You looked depressed」

「Hyrinth-san. No, it's nothing」

「That's not the face that it's nothing. What's wrong? Did something happen?」

「I have been hated by everyone of the student」

「What do you mean?」

「Fumu. I see」

「I'm sorry to have you to hear such complaints」

「No. Oka-san has been holding this alone all along without being able to talk to anyone, right? It's important to speak out like this sometimes」

「When you say so, I feel ease a little」

「However, the "Student List", huh? I have neither heard nor seen such a skill before」

「That's right. Shun-kun's "Divine Protection of Heaven" is also the same, but the skills that we, reincarnated people have, are unique ones that are not seen normally. The reincarnated people who are being protected here mostly have either high rank skills or other unique skills that no one has it」

「The skills by nature, skill points, and the knowledge and mind of the previous life. Certainly, if there are such factors, it's possible to become an owner of the world eminent power if it's trained since young」

「Yes. As for the reincarnated people who was not able to be protected here, all of them have considerable power」

「Then, the uneasy one is the words "death by skill deprivation"」

「I don't know exactly what does it mean. But, I think that it's certain that something will happen」

「And, that "something" is not understood, huh?」

「Yes. Because only the reincarnated people who have a lot of skills have the description, it's a reincarnated person who have the strength more than a certain level like Shun-kun and Katia-chan who are aimed」

「And, Oka-san protected the reincarnated people in order to prevent that, and gave them an environment that's hard to raise the skills」

「Yes. But, there's probably also the Elves' circumstances」

「Elves' circumstances, huh? Is there a chance to win against the Administrator?」

「I don't know. At any rate, it's a fact that the reincarnated people are being protected by the Elves. Leaving aside whether they can win or not, I must protect them」

「Even in this fight, huh? It would be good if the barrier don't break」

「From my judgment, the barrier will probably break」

「The reason is?」

「Yuugo will die in this fight. It's written as "death in action" in the "Student List"」

「I see. If the barrier breaks and it doesn't become a fight, it can't be a death in action. However, the existence with the Ruler skill may overturn the prediction of the "Student List", right?」

「Yes. That's why, I will kill Yuugo with my hands」

「Don't brood over it so much. Oka-san is too responsible」

「Not at all. I am a useless teacher who can't even take the responsibility」

「Such part is what called brooding over. Let out the tension, and relax. I can at least give advice」

「Thank you」

【Potimas】

「Patriarch. The preparation for that thing is completed」

「Well done」

「However, is it necessary?」

「Ah」

「Then, the barrier will break?」

「Well, the army's magic at the outside can't break the barrier. However, it's my intuition after living for many years. The barrier will break」

「Haa」

「Am I hard to understand because I judge with a vague thing called intuition?」

「Ah, no, never」

「There's no need to gloss over it. I find myself ridiculous that I need to rely on such an uncertain thing」

「Then, why?」

「It's something that I understand after living for a long time. The world is not necessarily according to the theory. And, there's also thing that can be seen at the point beyond the theory」

「Haa」

「Anyhow, I have a bad feeling. So, I thought that I should use all the means that I can use」

「However, when those are used, I feel that it's an excessive forces」

「I am a timid person. I will be very careful even if it's crushing insects」

【???】

「Free time, huh?」

「It can't be helped」

「Because you are free, make me laugh with a gag」

「What an absurd swing」

「You can't do it?」

「I can't do it even if you said it suddenly」

「Tch. How incompetent」

「Then, can you do it?」

「Ha! Why should this me make such lowly person laugh?」

「You can't, huh?」

「It's not that I can't, it's just that there's no meaning to do it」

「Yeah yeah. So, who will kill Natsume-kun?」

「Do as you please. I'm not interested in such small things」

「Oh, really. I also don't care though」

「Make them to add the experience points」

「Well, depending on the situation」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

196 Rather than the spider, it's the ant

I dig the hole diligently.

Because I drank with Gyurigyuri, a day was wasted pointlessly.

After I was dead drunk, I noticed that the fight of the Demon King and the Earth Dragons was finished.

The Demon King who wander around in the bottom layer for a while, starts moving upwards afterwards.

As for the route, it seems to clash with Queen-in-charge.

Because I have already told it to Queen-in-charge, she will escape skillfully.

Queen-in-charge has already recovered to the extent that she can use Transfer.

That's why, I restarted making the preserved food after being interfered by Gyurigyuri while paying attention to the Demon King's movement.

The sea fishing.

Did Gyurigyuri warn them? After that, I was not able to catch a Water Dragon.

I was able to catch the Water Drakes in large quantities though.

Oh, yes.

Although I only caught Water Drakes and Water Dragon so far, when I catch it in large quantities again, there are pure marine products that are not Water Drakes among them.

Somehow, it's only that the Water Drakes bite the lure frequently because they are carnivores, it seems that there are also normal fishes.

The number of hit is considerably low though.

Like that, I made full use of the "Fire Magic" and smoked the large quantity of foods.

Well, I only soak it into the seawater suitably, and smoked it. It's a fake smoking.

I have not done any smoking before, and I don't know the way to do it too.

So, I only do something that feels like it.

Yes, and.

What I should give priority more than the taste is the preservability.

In addition, if it last to some extent, I won't get an upset stomach by the effect of the Gross Feeder title.

If it starts rotting, I can just exchange it each time.

Thus, I placed the completed pseudo-smoked foods in the bases suitably.

The number of bases has already exceeded two digits.

It's seven places that I have dig various places suitably.

One under the town.

Three in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

As for the Elro Great Labyrinth, with the idea of it's darkest under the lamp post.

Although I chose the town because there's a reason, the others are really simply chosen.

I dig and made it into a base with the feeling "around here is fine".

And, in order to increase the number of bases even more, I'm digging now.

However, this time, I'm a little interested in something, so I'm not digging suitably.

The place where I am now, is the place advanced straight all the way after going out of the Elro Great Labyrinth.

With the purpose of base making and expanding the range of action, I try to go to the place where I haven't gone so far.

And so, although I searched for a good place to be made as a base, something strange was caught in Detection.

There was a space in the underground

There's a considerable depth, and the length seems to be quite long somehow.

Because it's beyond the soil, as expected, even the Detection doesn't grasp it very well.

I who was driven by interest, dig a hole heading towards that hollow.

However, the Detection is convenient again.

Although I'm heading to a hollow this time, can't I dig up a hot spring depending on how I use this?

Ah, that might be good.

Although I didn't mind it when I was a complete spider, I am driven by the desire to want to take a bath now that the human was added.

When you say why am I saying this is because I smell it.

Although there's no such smell from the spider body, there's a smell from the human body.

Perhaps, I think that the ways of metabolism are different between the spider and the human.

That's why, I didn't mind it so far, but I feel a little of wanting to take a bath.

I didn't think that the Enhanced Smell was useful in such a place.

Although there's also a smell from the spider body, it's a smell different than the human body.

Although a normal human will not know what smell is that, if it's an owner of the sense of smell at the same level as a dog, it might know the difference.

Well, that's if I can find it though.

There's no way that a hot spring will be here conveniently.

Now, let's go to the mysterious hollow.

Even if I say that, I already arrive.

I penetrate the hole that I dug, and connects it with the hollow.

The inside was a circular tunnel approximately 3 meters in height.

And so, the innumerable eyes that pierce me who appeared from the ceiling.

It's the ants.

Well, I knew it though.

While I was digging, I understood that there's something by Detection.

Apparently, here is the nest of the ant monsters.

The ants approximately 2 meters in length looked up at me.

As the appraisal result, apparently, these guys are the species called Efejegoath.

It's a name that make me recalls the bees that were in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

If I'm not mistaken, the bee's name was Finjegoath, is it?

The status is somehow similar.

However, these guys have neither the "Poison Stinger" nor the "Flight".

Instead, they have the skill called "Acid Attack".

In addition, they seem to be able to use "Soil Magic" impudently.

Well, so what.

Even if they have geographical advantage and the numbers, their strength with me is too different

If such thing appears on the ground in large quantities, it will be a pinch for the humans.

Quick annihilation, and suppression completed.

Although there were evolved individuals like bodyguards and the queen ant in the depths of the nest, I clear them up all at once.

While snitching food occasionally, I decide to use this place as one of the bases as it is because I obtained a large quantity of food here.

I stuff the corpses of the ant into the wide space where the queen ant was, and lay eggs there.

With this, there's no need to worry about the food here.

There's no need to make a base by myself purposely, and both food and experience points are obtained.

Rather than killing two birds with one stone, it's killing three birds with one stone.

If I happen to find a similar ant's nest, I will attack it assertively.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

197 The treasure is buried underground?

After taking over the ant's nest, I decided to strengthen the underground Detection when moving.

I was encouraged by the initial success.

In a double meaning.

The ant was very delicious.

It's sour probably because it has the "Acid Attack".

That sour was also exquisite.

I can say so because I have the "Acid Resistance" skill, and if I don't have the resistance, it seems to damage just by eating it.

And, the larva was slightly sweet and was delicious.

There was no chrysalis probably because it's a monster.

Probably, when the larva evolves, it becomes the ant's figure suddenly.

Although there were the eggs, because they seem to become food again if they hatch, I wrapped it with threads and left it.

I will keep them alive now as food when my eggs hatched,

If I wrap it with threads, they can't move freely even if thy hatch out, so with this, it's safe even if they hatch earlier than my eggs.

It's excellent as a base, and it's delicious as food too.

Perfect.

That's why, I think that I will find the hot spring by strengthening the underground Detection while searching for the ant's nest incidentally.

The movement was going well.

I avoid the town and the highway of the Humans as much as possible, and because I advanced the trackless path, I was able to expand my range of action without a particularly big trouble.

I killed the monster on the way, and annihilated something like the bandits.

Thanks to that, the map of "Wisdom" became quite wide.

If it's this wide range, I can escape with Transfer as much as I like.

If I don't let my guard down, it can be said that there's almost no need to worry that I will be caught by the Demon King.

Even if I was caught, it won't become the worst situation because there's the egg insurance.

However, it becomes impossible to escape forever.

The connection with Maou-in-charge has cut.

That means Maou-in-charge has been defeated by the Demon King, and was taken over oppositely.

Maou-in-charge, I won't forget your scale peeling.

Then, that means all of the soul takeover plans have become nothing while I was escaping.

The only chance to able to defeat the Demon King in the present condition disappeared.

Then, there are two future actions that I can take.

The first one is to continue escaping like this.

Although the Demon King defeated me again, the Queens' erosion is still continuing.

Because the erosion of one Queen has ended recently, the remaining Queen is three.

The three will be completed soon.

The erosion seemed to rise probably because I evolved.

Although I can't defeat the Demon King now yet, I can bring it in to equal if I unify with the remaining Queens.

It's plan 1 to devote myself to escaping until that time.

The second one is to negotiate a cease-fire with the Demon King.

My immortality is outstanding even in the present condition.

Although I can't defeat the Demon King, I only can't defeat her, and it's impossible for the other side to kill me.

I can't defeat the Demon King, and the Demon King can't kill me.

Both are deadlock.

In addition, the Demon King repelled my soul attack.

The urgent threat can be removed.

In that situation, if I withdraw from Queens and apologize obediently, there might be a possibility of forgiving me.

Because the Demon King was attacked by me and received it, if I apologize with sincerity saying "I won't attack you. I'm sorry. Please forgive me.", and somehow works well. Such a wishful thinking.

Actually, both the Demon King and I are hopeless any further.

Even if I finish unifying with the Queen, when it's said whether I can defeat the Demon King or not, to be honest, it's a strange line.

In the first place, that Demon King, if she's not an Administrator, isn't the most she could do is to take a draw? (TL note: I don't know this part. Not sure whether it's a reference or not)

To be frank, I don't want to fight against the Demon King anymore.

The risk is too huge.

Although I must do something to the world as fast as possible, I want to spend the rest of my life peacefully and leisurely if I finish it.

I want to eat delicious foods, and live idly.

Who will fight against such a large and ghastly monster willingly?

However, in case that the Demon King has a vindictive personality, I may be aimed from now on.

When thinking about it, I want to become stronger by unifying with the remaining Queens, and compete with forces.

I want to think that it's not too late to even apologize after that.

Well, that part depends on the Demon King.

Although I might need to put an end to this in the worst case, I want to decline it if possible.

That's why, I will choose the escape of plan 1 for the present, and when the time comes, I will activate the plan 2.

Now that I decided the future plans, I found an underground hollow.

There's a hole at a considerably deep position.

It's the depth that my Detection is on its limit to even barely perceive the ceiling in the effective range.

Isn't this looks like the ant's nest?

But, it's too deep for it.

In addition, the ceiling seems to be made very firm, and it's like a man-made object.

I have a bad feeling.

A man-made object in such a deep underground.

Judging from the cultural level of the Humans that I have seen so far, a question comes into mind whether there's such technology to dig the until this deep in the underground and even the technology to build man-made basement there.

In addition, the place where I am now is in the forest without people.

The depths of the deep forest where even the adventurers don't come near.

Will a person make something in the underground of such a place?

Can a person make it?

I must check this.

If my thought is correct, it's necessary to confirm this mysterious underground facility no matter what it takes.

Perhaps, my expectation is right.

The problem is whether it's alive or not.

Although I don't think about it, in case that it's alive by any chance, it's necessary to stop it by all means.

No matter the what dangers are.

I made up my mind, and began to dig the soil.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

198 Underground ruins

I dig a hole, and push my way through deep in the underground.

A layer of the different feeling of material appears clearly so far there.

That can't be natural by all odds, and it was the man-made object.

There's no reaction at all even if I use the "Soil Magic".

While the "Soil Magic" is called the soil, the range that it affects is considerably wide.

Even if it's soil or metal, if it's a big solid body that has a shape, it has function on anything.

Alaba constructs the bridge instantly, and I can dig the hole smoothly is because of such a reason.

And, that "Soil Magic" was repelled by the wall at my feet.

In other words, it has resistance to magic.

I appraise the details of the wall with "Wisdom".

『Impossible to appraise』

Although it's not that I didn't expect it at all, I was not able to appraise the wall.

Because I know that it has resistance to magic, it's probably impossible to break it with magic.

Having said that, when it's said whether it can be destroyed with physical strength or not, I can do it, but when I do it, I don't know what will happen.

I decide to make full use of Detection and grasp the whole aspect of this underground facility reluctantly.

It was no use.

Although the Detection passes to some extent, it becomes dim in the hollow part, and the Detection can't be activated well.

It seems that there's a jammer.

This is slightly, no, considerably bad.

Although it's good if the jammer is from the wall, if some kind of magic is activated inside, this underground facility is alive.

That's a big problem.

Should I inform Gyurigyuri?

Even if I say so, I don't have the way to inform him.

I have no choice but to get in, huh?

I found a thing like the entrance of this facility with Detection.

I dig the hole along the wall, and advance to the entrance.

In the wall that broke off on the way, a square space of one side about 5 meters filled up with soil appears.

But then, the inside is filled up with soil.

I move the soil with magic.

And, the appearing door.

The door is made of heavy metal, and it seems to be the type that slides from the left to right to open.

There's no thing like a knob.

Well, that's obvious.

It's clearly different thing from the civilization above.

It's a mechanical door that was clearly made to open automatically.

This square space might have been an elevator originally.

I put my hands on the door that's unbecoming in the fantasy world.

The door that's buried in the soil for a very long time didn't open automatically.

I reluctantly force it open manually.

Heavy.

Although it can be opened because of my status, this is too heavy.

But, such an impression becomes trivial immediately.

Ahead of the door that I broke open forcibly.

The emergency light that emits faint green light.

I'm shined by the light, and the inside of the underground facility appears faintly.

Well, I have the "Night Vision" though.

An unbelievable thing was put there.

A metal puppet of the height about two meters.

In a word, it was a robot.

In addition, it was made with considerably advanced technology.

That's aligned on both sides of the wall.

No no.

I did expect it, you know?

Although I did, what's with a robot in the fantasy world?

Moreover, this robot is a combat type no matter how I look at it. Thank you very much!

The worst one is these robots are still alive.

In the evidence, the robots begin to start together with a noisy siren.

Although a voice of something can also be heard with the siren, unfortunately, because it speaks in a different language from the one that I learned from the Queen's knowledge, I don't know the contents.

Well, at any rate, I think that it's the announcement that an intruder came, so intercept it.

Intruder, in other words, it's me.

I'm intercepted.

Damn it.

The robot stands up.

It was a four-legged robot.

There are four arms too.

Although two of that are reproduced from the human's arm, and the weapon like the sword combined with the gun is attached on the other two instead of the hands.

Is it the 2 guns 2 swords style?

The normal arm also grips a heavy large caliber gun.

Is it the 4 guns style?

There's no head, and a small muzzle is attached instead.

Is it the 5 guns style?

Approximately 100 robots of such world tearing outlook.

Approximately is because "Wisdom" doesn't activate well in this facility.

Somehow, the Detection jammer is not from the wall, but it seems to be the magic obstruction activated in this building.

Even if I try to activate magic, it doesn't go well as if the construction is being obstructed by something.

This is bad.

I'm in a pinch plainly.

As long as I'm here, I can't use the skills.

I can only rely on simple hand-to-hand combat.

Magic obstruction, that's according to the name, it obstructs the activation of magic.

In other words, magic can't be used.

And, in fact, most of the skills are magic.

The skill's identity is a simplified thing that assist so that the magic can be activated easily using the power of the system.

The power of the soul of the skill's owner forms as plain power.

Whether my thread or my poison, everything was the product by magic.

And, naturally, resistance is also included in it.

The "Physical Nullity" that I have.

This one always sets up a barrier on my body to the powerful physical attack.

In fact, I myself don't nullify the physical attack.

Furthermore, despite saying nullity, if I'm hit by the power that exceeds the barrier's defensive ability, I will receive damage normally.

If I'm hit seriously by an alien who was born in the super vegetable planet, I will break into small fragments.

[TL note: Dragon Ball reference. The super vegetable is basically Super Saiyan(as how Toriyama pick the name from vegetable/yasai) and the vegetable planet is Planet Vegeta]

The resistance is the magic that always deploys a defense barrier to the attack and the neutralizing function.

Because the magic is obstructed naturally by the magic obstruction, the present me is in an origin state without any resistances.

Furthermore, my status is also done by the magic called Enhanced Body and Cover Enhanced Destruction(被破壊強化 TL note: ???)

The offensive ability is only reinforced with hitting muscle strength by magic.

I only raise the muscle strength corresponding to it to move quickly.

Because I activate it in the body, the magic obstruction has a small influence.

It doesn't mean that it's not only small.

Regarding it, it's good if the defensive ability is inside the body, but the surface skin receives the magic obstruction directly.

In other words, one thin skin is almost the state without defense.

Although I can still endure it in the body, when the thin skin tears off, the defense of the place that torn off falls.

And so, if it's pierced, it will become a fatal wound sooner or later.

Something like gradually torn off from the skin, what's with that torture.

The army of 100 robots vs. I who's without skills and my status is weakening.

Ah, this is seriously bad.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

199 Robot army

For the time being, let's confirm the one that can be used in the skills on hand.

Although I said that I'm without skills, it doesn't mean that everything can't be used.

The skills that act in the body is effective.

The "Super Thought Acceleration" can be used without a problem.

Otherwise, there won't be time to think leisurely like this.

The "Super Thought Acceleration" can be used.

But, the "Future Vision" can't.

The "Evasion", "Accuracy" and "Great Probability Correction" can be used, huh?

Although these skills are skills that automatically make slight modifications to the action by the power of the system and make the best movement in the situation, in short, it's the correction skills that make the amateur to be able to evade or hit like a skilled warrior.

Because it's the skills that raise my basic techniques, I don't seem to receive the obstruction.

For the same reason, the "Throw" probably can be used.

Although a part of the golden evasion combo can't be used, still, I can secure the evasion power fairly well.

The magic-type is annihilated.

The things that affect the outside like "Psychokinesis" and "Shoot" are useless.

It's painful that "Space Maneuver" is useless.

The Evil Eyes are also annihilated.

The creation-type like the "Poison Synthesis" and "Medicine Synthesis" is also useless.

Because the thread belongs to the creation-type, it can't be used.

Because every kind of enhanced attack skills is the things that are assisted with power bonus externally against the attribute that the system judged, I think that it probably can't be used.

Because this part is slightly complicated, I also can't say a certain thing.

The status strengthening skills of "Magic God Act" and "War God Spirit" are partly possible.

It's working properly other than the one thin skin.

The "Divine Dragon Power" is the same except that the magic effect negation can't be used.

The "Dragon Barrier" is useless.

Although I thought whether I could oppose the magic obstruction with magic effect negation of the "Divine Dragon Power" and "Dragon Barrier", it didn't went well.

The magic obstruction set up here seems to be considerably advanced, and I was easily overcome.

Only the skills that strengthens the body can be used.

In other words, I have no choice but to raise the level and hit it physically in the end.

Although it would be good if the "Super-speed HP Recovery" activates, I can't expect it.

On the other hand, the robot army is fully armed, or rather, the existence itself is a weapon.

After all, they don't receive the magic obstruction, so I'm overwhelmingly disadvantageous.

In the first place, these guys are operating by the technology that drove the world to ruin before the system construction.

As expected, I won't lose if there's no magic obstruction, but I should think that everyone of them has the power of the Dragon class.

And, there's 100 of them.

What should I do?

I can't leave here.

But, can I win?

Should I withdraw once, and inform Gyurigyuri?

No.

Because I can do the egg revival in the worst case, it's better to act violently as much as possible.

If it's the egg revival that can even escape from the Demon King, even the magic obstruction shouldn't be able to prevent it.

Fortunately, I have made a lot of refuges.

It's not painful even if I consume it here.

Although my status falls temporarily, even if I receive the Demon King's attack before revival, I can just do another egg revival.

If I alone can suppress here by any chance, I might obtain that, outwitting Gyurigyuri.

I don't think that this facility that lived so long doesn't have that.

I want it by all means.

If I obtain that, I might be able to push forward my plan ahead of schedule.

Even if it's necessary to revive, it's worth doing it.

At any rate, Gyurigyuri will only clear up here even if I fail.

Thus, I finish the very long thinking, and switch to combat.

The robots get up and try to prepare the weapon here.

Even if I think for a long time, the opponents just got ready for combat.

Thanks to "Super Thought Acceleration".

Now that I can't use magic, I can only do close combat.

It's bad if a distance is kept with the opponent that has the gun.

I draw near to the robot that was the nearest with a dash.

My speed doesn't decrease so much, huh?

But, somehow, my feet hurts.

I hit the robot's body hard with the running momentum while enduring it.

The robot blows off.

Hard!?

Ouch!?

Uwa.

The skin of the fist that I used tears.

Come to think of it, the defense of the thin skin disappeared.

Even the damage of my own attack's recoil is received, huh?

It's probably because of this that I have a pain in my feet.

If I don't have "Sense of Pain Nullity", I would be flinched with that alone.

Because I have the "Sense of Pain Nullity", I can ignore it while feeling pain.

It doesn't recover.

Although it looks like it recovered a little, the appearance is almost unchanged.

Although it's just at the scratch level, it seems to take more than one hour to complete recovery.

It seems that I should think that there's no recovery.

I add a pursuit to the robot that blew off while thinking about such a thing.

To be exact, I was going to add it.

The other robots fired the gun, and interfered.

Although the evasion was delayed a little more than usual because I don't have the "Future Vision", I escape from the line of fire before the opponents fire the gun.

The bullets pass at high speed to the extent that whether I can even perceive it barely or not.

Seriously?

I hardly saw it even if I have the "Super Thought Acceleration" and "Enhanced Five Senses".

If I'm aimed by that, I can't avoid it.

It's obvious that I will become a beehive like this.

And, what's worst is that the gun that the robots hold is rapid-fire like the machine gun type.

It's only a nightmare that it can rapid-fire at that speed.

I approach the robot that fell immediately.

It's approximately simultaneous that I make the robot as the shield and the simultaneous shooting attacked.

Innumerable bullets pierce the robot that was made as my shield.

A part of my body that was not able to hide is blown off by the bullet.

Not pierce, but blows off.

What power is that!?

And, in addition, what has become of the enduring robot's armor!?

But, as expected, the robot's armor is damaged too.

If this goes on, it will be pierced sooner or later.

I snatch the gun from the robot's hand.

Although my arm is hit by the bullet and hollowed out on this occasion, I can't mind it now.

I shift the gun from the right hand that's half torn to the left hand.

I put the muzzle from the gap of the robot's body, and pull the trigger.

A terrible recoil was transmitted to my hand.

I'm glad that I shift hands.

If I pull the trigger with my right hand, my right hand will torn off completely.

I fight back against the robots' shooting.

But, here is 1 and the other side is approximately 100.

Although it would be around 10 robots that attack me because of the area of the building, still, it's 10 times.

There's also the remaining quantity of the bullet, so it's obvious that I will lose soon.

I advance with the robot made as the shield while pulling the trigger.

Although I almost stumble by the shock whenever the bullets hit the robot, still, I advance while enduring the pain.

And, I throw myself into the robot group that unite as a troop together with the robot that I made as the shield.

I throw the shield robot that can't maintain its model anymore, and I make the next robot in front of me as the shield.

When it comes to this, I will die honorably with the resolution for revival seriously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

200 Loot

I pretend to bring in a melee, and I abduct a robot and withdraw quickly.

If it's a melee, they will stop shooting because they are afraid of friendly fire, but such thing is only when the opponent was a living flesh human. If it's the opponent is the emotionless opponent, it will shoot me together with its allies without hesitation.

Moreover, even though I receive a large damage just by one shot, it's only to the extent that the robot's armor scratched a little.

I'm at disadvantage to die honorably with a suicide attack.

I made the newly abducted robot as the shield, and I observe the robots in order to destroy the present condition desperately.

To be exact, it's the analysis of the magic set in the robots.

The countermeasure for the magic obstruction that's tormenting me.

The robot army acts calmly in the magic obstruction.

They have the defensive ability to the extent that it's impossible, and it's clear that magic is used.

The answer is because the magic to neutralize the magic obstruction is built into the robots.

The magic that obstructs the magic obstruction further.

I analyze it, and intend to defeat the present condition by imitating it.

Because it's a considerably complicated construction and it's concealed skillfully, it takes a considerable time for the analysis, but if the analysis is completed, I should be able to reverse the formation at once.

I devote myself to evasion, and advance the analysis at the same time.

Even if I use the "Super Thought Acceleration", I can't evade the bullets by seeing it.

I look at the robots movement, predict the trajectory of the fired bullet, and I must evade it from the trajectory beforehand.

I won't make it if I avoid it after it was fired.

If there's only one opponent, I have composure, but it doesn't mean that my processing power can't make it in time. In the first place, the bullets fill up the space to the extent that there's no space to avoid.

But still, I move around everywhere toying the robots in order to minimize the damage.

I turn my brain fully after a long time.

Evasion and analysis.

Thanks to that, my head seems to explode.

My head seriously exploded.

Iii wwwaaasss ssshhhooottt!

The human head is taken away beautifully.

Fool!

That's also the main body!

Oh.

Bad bad.

The human brain can't be used, and the processing speed drops sharply.

In this environment that I can't expect the recovery, it was a serious wound that's not strange to die normally.

Well, I have the "Patience" and "Immortality".

Even the magic obstruction was not able to stop these two skills.

As expected of the skills of the broken ability.

Despite that the magic obstruction set up around this place is an advanced thing that can even reduce my ability remarkably, I can activate the broken skills without a problem at all.

As long as the body maintains the model, there's no difficulty in actions.

Because the human head is crushed, if even the spider is destroyed, it might be a little dangerous.

I can't afford to take things easy anymore.

Because I can't use the human brain, the evasion has become sloppy.

The right arm that was half torn is blown off.

Several feet were taken away too.

The bullets graze the body of both human and spider.

As expected, this is already bad.

When it becomes such step, the analysis is completed at last.

I deploy the imitated magic based on the analysis result extemporaneously.

To see through the opponent's magic formula while fighting in this short time, I'm a genius.

The effect was outstanding.

As expected of a magic made extemporaneously, the power is lower than the genuine one built in the robots, but at least, it made my status recover to some extent.

From there, it was comparatively one-sided.

The bullet that scrapes off my flesh just by grazing it until then, didn't become a fatal wound even if it hits me directly.

Although it doesn't mean that there's no damage at all, it was to the extent that I don't need to make the robot as the shield.

The recovery of the wound also began gradually.

After all, although I was not able to use magic, I was able to knock down the robots.

I hit it, cut it with sickle, and threw it.

Like that, I annihilated the robot army.

Although I was prepared for the revival, I managed it.

The robots are annihilated, and I canceled the magic obstruction that was set in this facility.

I only destroyed the machine that generated the magic obstruction though.

Immediately after that, my damaged body starts recovering.

The human head that was blown off is cured as before, and the right arm grows too.

Ah, it was tiresome.

But, I did it.

Fufufu.

After this, it's fun time.

Like that, I checked all over the facility

The robot that repairs the robot.

The air cleaning system function maintenance.

And so on.

And, in the deepest part of the facility, I discovered that which I searched for.

A huge machine.

The energy in there was an extraordinary size.

Despite that, the energy increases whenever time passes.

ＭＡ energy generator.

That machine is the main source that produced the greatest taboo.

The thing that the existence itself can't be allowed that leads the world to collapse.

I never thought that it's still running.

I destroy the device, and recover the ball of the palm size that saves the energy called the core.

With this, this device can't collect energy anymore.

But, the energy that has been saved so far is concentrated in this core.

I put the core in Space Storage for a moment, I retrace the way where I came while destroying the facility.

And, I return to the place where the ruins of the robot army piled up, and I began the dismantling of the robots.

The aim is the core built in the robots.

Although the capacity is smaller than the core that's in the ＭＡ energy generator, the core should have been built into these robots.

The core of the aim was in the body, and I recovered the core from each body.

I put the recovered cores on the floor.

Among those, there were the ones that got damaged in the combat and the energy came out, but still, I have collected a considerable number of cores.

When I add the energy of all cores, it becomes outrageous.

If it converts into simple fracture energy, this whole area will blow off.

It should become the energy that can cause a natural disaster lightly.

The energy that the ancients of this world create in order to satisfy their own desire.

The energy that can be said as the vitality of this star.

Fufufu.

It's this. This.

I broke through the disadvantageous situation by force just for this.

I have the right to secure this as a loot!

If Gyurigyuri is here, he will absolutely take it away.

Well, it's impossible to leave such dangerous materials, right?

But, that Gyurigyuri is not here.

The chance to be able to defeat the robot army was low, and there was the possibility that Gyurigyuri will interfere in the middle of fighting.

That's why, I thought that it's a godsend to obtain it, but for it to go this well.

Thank you, God!

Ah, D, it's not you, okay?

If all of these energies unify with me, I can expect a considerable level up.

The "Taboo" knowledge included the method to absorb this energy.

Although it's a suicidal act to absorb all of these energies if it's a human, I should be able to endure it.

If it went well, I might surpass the Demon King with this.

Thus, I apply magic to the collected cores.

The core and me unites magically, and the energy that dwelled in the core is poured into me.

There's not much changes.

Strange.

I absorb the energy of all the cores while thinking so.

Un?

Huh?

Strange.

Although I thought that there was a level or whatever change if I absorb the core.

There's nothing.

Did I fail?

No no.

The magic formula should have been perfect.

In fact, the energy of the core is empty.

It should be certain that it was transferred to me.

When I had begun to learn impatience slightly, it happened suddenly.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Divinity Area Expansion LV9』 has become 『Divinity Area Expansion LV10』》

《Conditions met. Apotheosis starts》

The shock to the extent that it's unendurable overflows from my inside.

And, I let go of my consciousness easily.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.1: Elf Village Battle 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ①

【Elf camp outside the barrier】

When you ask what is the most dangerous mission for the Elves, most people will answer the patrol outside the barrier that protects the village.

The barrier set up around the village is the absolute defense that has never been broken in the long history.

However, just because of that, they can't afford to not be cautious.

The Elves placed soldiers for the patrol outside the barrier even in the peace time, and performed a patrol whether there was any suspicious part or not.

The reason why this mission is the most dangerous for the Elves is because of a certain monster inhabiting outside the barrier.

The name of the monster is Queen Taratect.

The monster with the power of the Myth rank that's said that there are five of it in the world.

One of those.

The Queen Taratect made this forest as it's house.

In addition, it's close to the Elf Village.

The Queen Taratect gives birth to the subordinate monsters by the "Spawning" skill.

Those monsters aim and attack the Elves obstinately.

In case of a lower rank one, the strength is not a big deal.

However, as for the monster of the species called Taratect, the strength skyrockets by evolution.

The Taratect species that evolve and became an adult, is a brutal monster that's equal to the Dragon species.

In the forest outside the barrier, such evolved individuals of the Taratect species lurk.

Even the lower rank individual makes the nest sometimes, and when someone got caught in the nest, even a skillful Elf will die without being able to escape.

Although it's safe in the barrier, when they go out, it's the spider's hunting ground.

The most dangerous place for the Elves.

However, a threat different from it has gathered outside the barrier now.

The allied forces of the Humans.

It's the army led by the Rengzant empire.

In the place where the Taratect species strode usually, the Humans formed a formation and standby.

The figure of the Taratect species is not seen.

The Elves predict that it probably have been exterminated by the army.

Although they don't think that the Queen can be defeated, the Queen rarely moves by itself.

It seems that it's abandoned.

The existence that have threatened the Elves so far was defeated by the existence that threatened the Elves now.

Only the kind of the threat changed, and either way, it was a situation that can't be welcomed for the Elves.

The Elf observers observe the state of the army.

What should be paid attention is the existence of the magic division that has been advancing the preparations for the large-scale magic all the time in the firm defense for several days.

As for the Elves who have long life span and deep intelligence, it's obvious that they have the knowledge of the skill more than the Humans.

And, even if they compare it with the knowledge, there's no magic that corresponds to it. It was an unknown magic construction.

The hugeness of the construction exceeds the strategy class magic called great magic lightly, and it takes pride twice of the magnificence.

The preparations for several days is also abnormal.

It can't be predicted what will happen if such a huge magic is activated even if they have the Elves knowledge.

The Elf observers considered to somehow interfere when there's a chance.

However, it was not put into practice.

The basic strategy in the Elf Forest is climb the tree, and showers magics and arrows to the opponent on the ground from the top.

Because this Garam Forest is made of large trees, the space between the trees is wider than normal forest, but still, because it's a forest, it's a narrow and complicated terrain compared to the plain.

It's a place where it's considerably difficult to move the army, the march becomes slow by all means, and the formation of the army is disordered to avoid the trees which are the obstacle and becomes sparse.

If they are attacked from the top, they will be helpless.

The Elves strategy is the guerrilla strategy, they are familiar with the forest, and they receive the training specialized in the combat.

They cooperate and corner the opponent while moving individually and separately.

The observers also spread out and observed the army from various angles.

The observers' heads fall approximately at the same time.

Without knowing what happened.

Without realizing that they died.

「Haa. To be taken from the back this easily, aren't the Elves not a big deal?」

It's a boy who decapitated the Elves.

If a viewer sees him, the boy will be called a ninja.

Black clothes and a katana at the waist.

The katana probably decapitated the Elves.

「That damn old man pushed such a troublesome thing」

The boy who scratches his head in the way that the bottom of his heart is troublesome.

The state that the magic made spending several days activates is reflected in the eyes.

「Well, it's the best to do it suitably. It's a farce anyway」

The boy who annihilated the spread Elves at the same time alone.

He sees the magic crashes into the barrier, bends, and breaks unnaturally, and he smiled wryly.

It looks just like the barrier broke only because the magic hits.

But, the boy doesn't miss the unnaturalness.

Something that was different from the magic destroyed the barrier.

The boy was able to see so, and in fact, the boy knows that it's so.

「Well then, let's go. Although it's bad for Ken, my own life is more precious」

The boy looks down at the state of the marching army.

Like despising, and like looking down.

「Here was done well, so the others will do well. I mean, can this not go well?」

The boy disappears in the forest with a carefree state.

And, as subsequent to the boy, the monsters that lurked in the darkness have begun to wriggle.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.2: Elf Village Battle 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle 2.

A translation mistake. Just a name. Kushiya → Kushitani

And, it seems that Kumoko (I mean the novel) is going to become a light novel. The scheduled release date is 10 December. Because it's a light novel, Kumoko will be illustrated.

Elf Village Battle ②

【Reincarnated people's residential area】

「Will the barrier seriously break?」

「What are you dreaming? Come on, let's go」

Several hours before the barrier breaks.

In the residential area of the reincarnated people, the two former adventurers advanced the preparations for departure.

Tagawa Kunihiko, and Kushitani Asaka.

Of course there's the name in this world, but Kunihiko and Asaka call each other by their previous life's names.

This is because they are used to that.

Both have the parents of a certain mercenary group.

Although it seems that they stay at a place and settle down there to some extent when both of them are babies, when both of them come to be able to walk, they moved from place to place.

If there's a war, the mercenary group will go there. If there's a request of escort, they will follow. If the monster appears, they will go to exterminate it.

Because they traveled around various places, they end up marching the continent without the whereabouts being pinpointed by the Elves.

Being a reincarnated people was one of the cause that they can walk earlier than normal children.

Although both of them were childhood friends in the previous life, they grew up as childhood friends even in this world.

It was already the level that looked like a family, and it was natural to be close to each other for both of them.

Because of that, when Kunihiko said 「I will become an adventurer!」 and rushed out of the mercenary group, Asaka follows him afterwards like it's natural.

Like that, both of them become adventurers, and they move from place to place again.

During that time, there were excellent adventures, and both of them attracted attention as the existences that surpassed the others among the young people.

Because of the attention, it can be said that they are in this place now.

The obtained fame flows to the Elves as it is, and both of them end up being brought into the same place as the other reincarnated people like this.

When they were brought, they were pleased with the reunion with the old friends who met after a long time.

However, after that, they ask what kind of life in the Elf Village, and the flippant feeling sank in an instant.

They were made to shrink back in the situation like keeping-until-death.

Kunihiko has begun to get tired of the life without dream and romance immediately.

On the other hand, Asaka thought this life is acceptable.

Although she was pulled by the unprecedented Kunihiko, Asaka is a relatively normal girl.

The life as the adventurer was dangerous, and as for Asaka who's stability-oriented, a modest life seemed to suits her even if there was neither dream nor romance.

Starting with chairperson Kudo, the reincarnated people who are in the Elf Village seem to be dissatisfied with the life here.

Asaka also understood the reason well after she actually starts living.

Get up early in the morning, work and sleep at night.

Life without pleasure.

In addition she perceived that the Elves monitored secretly.

It was the honest impression of Asaka that it's inevitable that the stress will be accumulated.

However, judging from Asaka who knows the danger on the outside, it was not unendurable.

Asaka who traveled around various places possessed the thing called adaptability without choice.

If she don't have it, she won't survive, and even if she has it, she can die easily if she's unlucky.

That's the outside, or rather, it's the common sense in this world.

Judging from Asaka, the Elf Village where safety is guaranteed can't be considered as a terrible environment.

Even if that's said, most of the people here don't know the outside fact including Kudo.

Although she speak of the outside dangers in the present life indirectly, their dissatisfaction was not canceled.

She sensed that Sensei is hiding something, and her actions are all for the former students. Asaka understood it because she live as an outlaw adventurer for a long time, and the ability to judge a person was developed.

But, nevertheless, because she felt that following up the abducted people is wrong, she leaves as it is.

Asaka has the peace-at-any-price principle unlike Kunihiko.

On the other hand, Kunihiko doesn't hide his true intention.

He says the things that he thought, and says the things that he heard.

If it's a boy, the word "adventure" is an attractive word by all means, and it was a natural flow to hear it from Kunihiko who has real experience.

And, Kunihiko talked about the previous adventures as he was asked.

The first time defeating a monster.

Level up.

Like that, the boys who listened attentively to the adventure story swung from joy to sorrow.

Although most boys turned an admired look to Kunihiko who realized the man's dream, there were those who understood the outside severity after hearing Kunihiko's story.

Both of them entered the Elf Village gave influence to the other reincarnated people for good and bad.

And, it shook.

Do you demand the safe present life or the dangerous freedom?

Of course it's not a problem that can be solved at once.

But, the time when such choice is done may come someday.

They were chased by the daily life while being at loss.

And, the Elf Village was on the verge of danger without being able to decide it and the power to take actions.

「I begged you. However, don't act recklessly」

The permission to participate in the interception war was given to both Kuniko and Asaka who had the power to fight.

All of the reincarnated people who remained see off the two people.

Kudo sent the words of encouragement representing everyone.

「Yeah. Wait with the intention to board a large ship」

Kunihiko laughs cheerfully, and changes his eyes to cold at the next moment.

「So, Ogi, will you tell me your real intention that you tried to serve poison to us before we leave?」

The glances turns to Ogiwara who's in charge of cooking all at once.

Ogiwara received the glances, and he can only be flustered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.3: Elf Village Battle 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ③

【Reincarnated people's residential area】

Ogiwara got impatient.

Even though he should have mixed poison in the dish of the two former adventurers, they looked fine.

He suppresses the impatience in the heart, and sees off the two people with an innocent look.

It's already hopeless for Ogiwara now that it became like this.

Although the mission failed, the implication of the insurance is strong, and he have no choice but to entrust it to the people on the site.

Fortunately, the two people don't seem to notice that it was poisoned.

It probably was resisted unconsciously because the Poison Resistance was high.

He thought so.

「So, Ogi, will you tell me your real intention that you tried to serve poison to us before we leave?」

By Kunihiko's words, Ogiwara's color of blood draws right away.

It was noticed.

「Wh-What do you mean?」

He plays innocent.

「Don't play innocent. I already know that you're the one who did it」

A firm intention that evasion will not be allowed was felt.

Ogiwara gave up in making an excuse quickly.

He don't say such stupid thing like "Where's the evidence?".

Becoming innocent if there's no evidence only works in the constitutional state. Here is the different world, and there's neither the police nor the lawyer.

Ogiwara was already guilty in Kunihiko, and a poor excuse will only worsened the position oppositely.

「Aaah. It would be good if you become impossible to move by the poison」

The surroundings react to the words.

Seeing the state, Kunihiko and Asaka are half convinced that this is the action that Ogiwara took alone.

Although it's not certain yet, the reaction of the surroundings is seriously surprised, and the two people who pass through bloodshed as adventurers knew the feelings and gesture of the people very clearly.

And, judging from the experience, they consider everyone to be innocent excluding Ogiwara.

「That's too bad. Should I have you tell me the circumstances slowly after I hit you once?」

「Well, wait. Although it's certain that I served poison, this is something that I did thinking of you, you know?」

Kunihiko who tries to step forward.

Ogiwara who restrains him with words.

Ogiwara thinks desperately for a reversal while not showing the feelings of impatience.

「What do you mean?」

「It's simple. If you two go, you will die」

Kunihiko moves one step closer.

Ogiwara take a step backward according to it.

The eyes pass by Kunihiko and is turned to the several Elves who came to guide Kunihiko and Asaka.

In addition, he search for the presence of the Elf who hides and watches this residential area.

From here on, it's gambling.

「Natsume acts recklessly and dispatched the army here. What Shun said is not wrong, but only half is correct. Natsume's army is in disguised, the original purpose, the annihilation of the Elves starts」

「What!?」

「Surprised? I'm an infiltration member who leaks the information to the outside from the inside. In this strategy, most of the Elves will be killed. Because it's planned that they won't interfere here, I recommend that you don't go to the battlefield」

Kunihiko's movement stops.

Casting a sideways glance at him, Asaka thinks whether Ogiwara's words are true or not.

It's slow that Ogiwara was brought here among the reincarnated people.

However, unlike Kunihiko and Asaka who were brought just approximately one year ago, it's said that Ogiwara was brought approximately ten years ago.

Although it's slow among the reincarnated people, it's not slow to the extent that it's unnatural.

What did Ogiwara do during the short period before he was brought into the Elf Village?

He is brought into the Elf Village, and he can contact the outside even though there's the barrier.

Ogiwara confessed those questions easily.

「I'm affiliated with the church, and I received the training for information gathering when I was young. The unique skill that I have is 『Infinite Calling』 that's a skill that can use Telepathy without limitations. It can pass through the barrier, and it can't be tapped unlike the Telepathy. I contact the outside all the time with this. Ah, of course I conceal it with "Concealment". The Elves probably think that the 『Taijutsu Genius LV1』 is my inborn skill」

The Elves' action on Ogiwara who exposed it was fast.

They activate magic to restrict the body.

It's the magic that wears wind on the target's body, and seals the motion.

Ogiwara evaded it.

Kunihiko and Asaka who were active as adventurers took in that the ability is on the level that can't be called as an amateur from the movement.

But, it's far from the first rank.

But still, if it's assumed that he acquire this movement in the several years before coming to the Elf Village, he has accumulated considerable training.

「It's already over for the Elves. Would you like to die in vain for the Elves, or survive here? Which one will you choose?」

The reincarnated people are upset to the words.

There are no good feelings for the Elves.

Having said that, it was hopeless even if such a thing was said suddenly.

Ogiwara thrown the words to the former adventurers, Kunihiko and Asaka.

He judged that there were prospects of victory if he can bring these two people into this side.

But, Ogiwara forgot it because of the impatience.

That he has already done a hostile act called poisoning.

Asaka holds down Ogiwara on the ground.

Ogiwara didn't know what happen for an instant.

「Elves. This person's treatment will be decided by us. Interference is unnecessary」

Asaka declares in a cold voice.

The Elves are overwhelmed by it.

「I will have you to tell me the full story」

Ogiwara is pulled by Asaka, and is thrown into a nearby house.

Although the Elves try to follow after her, Kunihiko blocks the path.

「You are too careless」

Asaka who applied soundproof, draws closer to Ogiwara.

「Saying such a thing, if you oppose the Elves here, what about the others who can't fight?」

Ogiwara can't answer Asaka's cross-examination.

The mission ordered to Ogiwara is to make sure that the reincarnated people to be quiet.

Without choosing the means in that case.

「And, the one that you come up with is poison? That's too poor」

「It can't be helped. I was not able to leak information carelessly because there were the eyes of the Elves」

「Then, isn't it fine if you use your boasted "Infinite Calling"?」

「Ah」

Asaka sighs to Ogiwara who looks foolish that he just noticed it.

「For the time being, I will torture you」

「What?」

「And, the eyes of the Elves will turn away even a little」

「Eh? It's a pretense, right?」

「It's unnatural if there's no wound, right?」

Ogiwara's scream echoes in the house where the soundproof was purposely canceled.

Of course it reaches the everyone's ears on the outside, and they became terrified.

Ogiwara receives really light torture, and spits out everything to Asaka.

With the information, Asaka and Kunihiko begin to move.

Not to go to fight, but to survive.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.4: Elf Village Battle 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ④

【Ronant】

The barrier is broken, and the army begins to advance.

However, the way the barrier breaks has a sense of incongruity.

「Teacher, what's wrong?」

「Umu. How do you see the way the barrier breaks just now?」

「As expected, did Teacher also feel unnatural?」

「There's no way that I can't see through it when you can see through it」

Even my foolish apprentice had the sense of incongruity, so it's certain.

That doesn't seem to be destroyed by the great magic prepared by here.

Although that great magic was an advanced magic formula that I don't even know, the abilities of the magicians who handle it are poor.

Although it's said that they are the magicians of the church, I can only see that they are swung around by the magic with that skill.

However, then, what cause the barrier to break?

At the moment when the magic hit the barrier directly, a different shock seemed to be added to the barrier.

If that's the case, is there something that's acting as well as us?

The purpose?

Is it the Elves' feint to pretend so?

If that's the case, it's dangerous to continue marching, but, fumu.

「We will take separate actions than the main army from here. Come」

「Eh!? Wha-, Teacher!?」

「Don't worry. That idiot Yuugo doesn't see the whole. Even if we take separate actions, he won't notice it」

「Is it such a problem!?」

「I think I will at least leave a messenger」

「There!?」

My intuition is saying it.

I must confirm the mysterious existence that destroyed the barrier.

Then, there's no need to hesitate.

From the way the barrier breaks, I calculate backward the approximate position.

We began marching to there.

However, we receive continuous the attacks from everywhere in the forest, and we were confined quickly.

The Elves shot magic and arrows from the gap of the trees.

「I see. Even though our footing is bad and the march can't advance, they can have the upper hand by using the trees. This means that the whole forest is a huge trap」

「Teacher, don't feel admired, and please do something!」

The apprentices fight back to the Elves' magic desperately.

The progress of the battle is equal.

Although there's damage here, there's no dropouts among the foolish apprentices.

I'm slightly disappointed.

「Elves are only to this extent, huh?」

「Teacher? Do you hear what I'm saying?」

If the Elves are excluded, the world's strongest magician.

Although that's my present evaluation, I'm made to realize that the evaluation was wrong after looking at the Elves actually.

It's a good evidence that they can only fight with the foolish apprentices at an equal degree.

Elves are not my enemy.

「Hmph」

I construct magic.

Activate.

A Elf is shot through by my magic, and dies.

「Are you satisfied with this?」

「Y-Yes」

I annihilate the Elves, and begin to walk in the silent forest again.

「What speed of magic construction」

「Although there's that too, is it possible to create that amount of magic instantly?」

「No, in the first place, that magic should not have the function of pursuit. To apply additional effect in the magic, that person is a genius after all」

It's deplorable that they are excited about a child's play of this level.

Mu?

I prevent the flown magic.

I see.

Quite a power.

The dexterity is different from the Elves who I annihilated just now.

Reinforcement, huh?

I confirm it with "Thousand Miles Eyes".

Similar to the Elves just now, the strategy that makes the trees as the shield and attack from a long distance is unchanged.

This is a slightly intense opponent for the apprentices.

Well.

Let's get a little serious.

I construct magic.

The number is ten times of just now.

The power is double.

Because there's a distance, I raise the pursuit function.

Although I understood that the Elves hold their breath, there's no reason to show mercy.

The magic that I shot pierce the Elves' bodies.

Although some of them deploy defensive magic, they are pierced together with the magic.

Although some of them shoot magic to offset it, it's pierced without being able to offset it.

Although some of them try avoid it and escape, they are caught up by the pursuing magic.

I Transfer.

In front of me who transferred is the only one among the Elves who prevented my magic.

However, it was not completely prevented, and the body was covered in blood.

「Even the Transfer is mastered, you monster」

「I'm not a monster. You are only weak」

「Bullshit」

The Elf exerts his last strength and constructs magic.

Slow.

The activation of my magic that starts after that was faster, and the Elf dies easily.

「It's splendid」

「Nonsense. Even if you defeat an opponent of this degree, there's nothing that can be boasted」

「It's the Elves, you know? It's said that they far exceed the Humans if it's the magic skill. It's only the Teacher who can slaughter easily like this」

「If it's that person, they can be killed more easily. If it's this, the recent Hero is more stronger」

「Teacher, why did you withdraw at that time?」

I think a little to the apprentice's question.

Certainly, like my apprentice sees through my mind, I might win if I use all my power.

Although if it's me alone, the winning rate is half, if I match with my apprentices, we might be able to win.

However, I didn't intend to make that bet.

I'm also naive.

I didn't want to see the appearance of my apprentices dying.

And also, the appearance of the Hero dying.

I have one apprentice.

The apprentice who I was not able to finish bringing up with this hand because of the political thing and various ties.

The period that we were together is only 13 days.

An owner of talent that might develop more if I put him nearby.

Although that fought mainly with a sword, if I had to say, that had talent in magic.

That's why, if I raise him with this hand, he might not be defeated by the Demons.

All of these are not assumptions.

There was hardly anything that can be taught in 13 days.

But still, the previous Hero Julius is my best apprentice without a doubt.

It's a fact that I'm told to teach him by that person.

However, after I begin to teach people, I feel that I have found something important.

Did that person foresee this to come?

I don't know.

I can't foresee that person's real intention.

I was able to confirm that the younger brother of my ex-apprentice grew up splendidly.

And, if one were to say that the feeling of guilt that I didn't lead Julius properly fade, it's different, but there was an emotional thing.

That's why, there was no choice of fighting in that place.

「It's a whim」

「Haa」

I evade it suitably to deceive the real intention.

Well, if I meet with that Hero the next time, it might be good to train him a little serious.

Although a defeat is certain if it's pure power, if I'm not obsessed with winning, there are many ways to do it.

I could be able to teach him that there's also a way to fight without losing.

Although I don't know whether we will meet again or not.

For the time being, the first thing to do is to survive this battlefield.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.5: Elf Village Battle 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑤

【Firimes】

I was alone in the front line.

Shun-kun and Katia-chan are the rear forces.

Shun-kun is too kind.

If I say it badly, he's too naive.

Surely, even if he can defeat a monster, he can't kill a human.

That's why, I have him to be in the rear unit.

The persuasion was entrusted to Hyrinth-san.

He also understood Shun's naivety, and accepted my plan.

I'm thankful to Shun-kun.

I might not be able to return to the Elf Village by passing through the Elro Great Labyrinth with my power alone.

But, from here on, it's the teacher's work.

I can't borrow the power of Shun-kun and the others.

The barrier was broken.

To be honest, I was half in doubt, but the barrier was really broken.

But, the shock that the other Elves received was more than me.

The defensive wall that should be called absolute that has never been destroyed since they were born, was broken.

Coupled with the threat of the monster that's outside the barrier, the shock that they lost the heart's support is immeasurable.

Although I assumed such a situation, they must have thought that the barrier will never be broken.

「Everyone, please calm down」

I tell the panicking Elves.

「The barrier was broken. However, the device that generated the barrier was not broken. We should hold out until the the barrier restores again」

I am the daughter of the Patriarch.

In addition, I am a reincarnated person and my ability is high, and I have a strong right to speak among the Elves.

If I'm seen from the Elves who live for a long time, I am a young girl even if I add my age of the previous life, but no matter what they think, they will follow my words.

Now also, they hear my words, and they seem to regain calmness little by little.

「In addition, here is in the forest. It's like the garden of we, Elves. The human army can't defeat us. Let's teach them that it's stupid to challenge the Elves in the forest」

I tell strong words to inflame the fighting spirit a little.

In truth, the situation is not so kind.

Although there's the advantage of the terrain called the forest, as for the total number, the other side is overwhelming.

On top of that, the opponent is the Rengzant empire's powerful army that's experienced in combat that continued to fight against the Demons for many years.

It was obvious that it will be a severe fight.

Although the prudent Elves can understand it, the thing called the atmosphere of the place is important.

The Elves nod powerfully and silently, and start the march.

We who advance quietly in the forest are like the assassin rather than the warrior.

It's might be not necessarily wrong.

We jump from tree to tree, and finally, we found the army advancing in the forest.

Thanks to the terrain called the forest that doesn't suit for a march, the formation is disordered.

The front is held up, it becomes dense, and it's prolonged when they try to move to the side to resolve it.

I declare the start of attack by Telepathy.

Magics and arrows rush into the army that has trouble with the march.

They are trampled down without being able to do anything by the attacks from the overhead.

It's probably the unit that originally didn't assume a combat in such a forest.

Although the knights who held the shield in the front row defended it somehow, the long distance unit in the back row and the charge unit in the middle row fall down without being able to do anything against our attacks.

It's not good to have crowded to the extent that it's impossible to move freely.

Even if they are at the position where they can move, the natural obstacle called the forest doesn't permit freedom.

If this is a plain, the result will probably be totally different.

The attacks here are defended by the shield unit in the front row, worn us out with the attack of the long distance unit in the back row, and as a finishing blow, the charge unit in the middle row approaches and cut us down.

But, that's only when it's the plain.

The forest is the field of we, Elves.

The terrain that they can't move properly, and the attack from the overhead that they are not used to it.

The counterattack doesn't reach us who made the trees as the shield.

Although there were soldiers who try to climb the tree, they are shot down before they finish climbing it.

Even if they finish climbing it, all of the Elf soldiers have the "3D-Maneuver".

Although there are not many Elves who have the "Space Maneuver", that alone is enough to move in this forest freely.

On the unstable tree's footing, there's no way that the Elves can be defeated by the humans.

However, the opponent is the experienced powerful army.

They won't keep on being attacked forever.

They give up in maintaining the formation, the shield unit and the long distance unit reform into a two man cell.

They return fire while hiding behind the shield.

The other soldiers who don't receive the shield's defense head to the tree while dodging our attacks.

The number that was shot down is many, but we were pushed by the violence of number, the place where we are forced to do combat on the tree increased.

I observe such a progress of battle, and order retreat without overdoing it at the disadvantageous place.

Although my personal purpose is to take my former student's head, the purpose as the whole Elves is the stalling until the barrier restores.

If I think about the opponent's number and the advantage in terrain, I think that it's the best to wear out the opponent while retreating slowly.

However, in the communication from the detached force, there's a report that they are being overwhelmed by a non-standard magician.

There's also the unit that the communication was cut off before I know it.

My unit is doing well, as a whole, it can be said that we are overwhelming them, but a part seemed to be overwhelmed.

However, as expected, I have my hands full about my own unit.

I will entrust that to Potimas who's in the base.

Despite being my father, that man's true character can't be known.

Surely, he has prepared one or two hidden-ball play.

Like that, I continued commanding, and I finally found the figure.

Yuugo Van Rengzand.

My student who has the name called Natsume Kengo before.

The former student who has strayed from the right path, no, the former student who I have let him to stray from the right path.

I can't say anything about Shun-kun.

I am not resolved yet at the last moment.

Surely, if I kill him, I will definitely be disqualified as a teacher.

Although I might be disqualified as a teacher now, it's certain that I will exceed the last line.

But, I must do it.

That's the last thing that Sensei can do to Natsume-kun as a teacher.

It might be my ego.

I don't say to forgive me.

But still, I will kill you.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.7: Elf Village Battle 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑦

【Potimas】

「Did it come?」

「Y-Yes」

「Intercept them. Take that out」

「Understood. The number?」

「All」

「Pardon?」

「Take out all」

「All?」

「Yeah. Scatter that in every direction except the vicinity where Firimes and the Hero are」

「However, isn't that excessive forces?」

「The cause that the barrier was broken is unknown. And, if my thought is right, it's lack of forces oppositely」

【Ronant】

「What is this?」

I said so instinctively.

There was a strange thing there.

『Impossible to appraise』

This is the second time in my life that the "Appraisal" failed.

The first time is that person.

However, at that time, it was not 『Impossible to appraise』, but it should have displayed 『Appraisal was obstructed』.

In other words, this one in front is an unknown thing that's the first time in my life to encounter.

Several things like destroyed metal armor fell down in front of me.

"Like" is because it was the shape that clearly doesn't assume a person to wear it.

There are four arms and four feet.

At this point, it's strange.

Ha!?

Eight feet!?

Does it respect that person!?

No, that's no.

Such boorish thing can't express that person's beauty.

If this imitated the figure of that person, the contempt is extreme.

However, what on earth is this?

Although it's destroyed, did it move before it was destroyed?

It's said that the 「Puppeteer」 title comes to be able to manipulate puppet at will using the "Telekinesis" skill, etc, but is this one kind of the puppet?

The title called Puppeteer itself is rare, and because I have never seen the real thing, I can't say a certain thing.

However, the things that were destroyed like this scattered here means that there's someone who passed through here earlier than us.

The person must be the one who destroyed the barrier.

Although interest boils to the puppet that I have not seen before, we should hurry to pursue the person now.

It was really only a chance that I was able to avoid it.

No, I didn't avoid it.

I only changed my feeling and stood up from the posture of sitting down and looked at the puppet.

I was only saved by the movement accidentally.

At the moment when I stood up while bending my waist, something passed through the front of my stomach.

My body blows off to the back just by the shock.

The position that the something passed was the place where I sat just before, and it's exactly aiming at the head.

「Teacher!?」

「Withdraw!」

I roll on the ground with the blown off momentum.

The voice that urge withdrawal is also in vain, and my subordinates blow off while bursting blood.

It was exactly a scene according to the word "burst".

My subordinates' limbs blow off, and the bodies become hollow.

Whenever something mysterious that can't be seen passes through, my subordinates die miserably.

I look at the point where the something will come flying.

There was a thing similar to the puppet just now that had not been destroyed yet there.

The something seems to fly out from the strange cylinder shape that's equipped on the puppet's arm.

I shoot magic towards the puppet immediately.

I don't go easy at all.

However, the puppet evaded the arrow of fire shot by me easily.

This is bad.

That puppet is clearly stronger than me.

「All members, withdraw!」

I shout only that somehow.

Although I don't know how many subordinate survived, anyway, the damage will become more serious than now if we fight that puppet directly.

Although they are foolish apprentices, I want many of them to survive even one person.

And, I will destroy that puppet that took the lives of the apprentices even if it costs this life.

I construct magic.

The foundation of magic that I continued to polish earnestly after I met that person in my lifetime.

Because it's the foundation, it's the secrets.

The created arrow of flame is dozens.

I place all of those under control, and shoot it.

The arrows of flame that come flying at high speed.

However, the puppet dodge more than half.

And, the remaining ones that hit directly don't seem to deal a significant damage.

The defensive ability is high precisely because it imitates the armor.

In addition, the mobility that moves at high speed.

The mysterious attack that's invisible to my eyes.

Strong.

It might be strong next to that person among the one that I fought so far.

Transfer.

I go to the puppet's back.

I construct magic immediately.

I freeze the puppet's feet.

And, the shock wave by the "Wind Magic" of pursuit.

The frozen Puppet's feet half break.

Still, it's half.

But, it's half.

With this, the mobility should fall considerably.

The puppet's arms turn back like it ignores the movement of the joints.

At the moment I got startled, I kick the ground and jump sideways.

Because it's a puppet, something like joints can be tampered in any way.

It can't be understood until I see it with my own eyes.

The price is my right arm and both legs.

I was not able to finish avoid it.

However, I won't be defeated for free.

I endure the pain, and construct magic.

I complete the magic before the puppet points the cylinder at me again.

"Hell Flame Magic LV4", Heat Haze.

The small fireball of the size approximately of the fist.

It hits the puppet's body.

The effect is instant.

But, the flame burns down everything.

Heat Haze is the magic that compressed the power of enormous flame to small.

The highest rank magic that's my best forte.

The tough body of the puppet is burnt before the Heat Haze, melt and is destroyed completely.

I did it.

The smile that I had was drawn in the next moment.

In my view, I saw the several same puppets moved.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.8: Elf Village Battle 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑧

【Shun】

There was a sign that Sensei lost consciousness at the back.

Although the wound is deep, it should not be a fatal wound.

「Anna, Sensei's treatment」

「Understood」

Because I rushed in a hurry, Anna who pants seem to be worsened, but it can't be helped.

I observed the state of the front line with "Clairvoyance".

And, when I saw Yuugo appeared, I rushed immediately.

Although it's a selfish action disregarding the Elves' instructions, killing Yuugo here has a big meaning.

And, I want them to cancel my arbitrary act because of that.

In addition, I thought that only Yuugo who I must bring it to an end by my hands.

「Hyrinth-san, please protect Sensei and Anna」

「Understood」

Hyrinth-san consents briefly.

Usually, he would stop me if I fight with the enemy's general alone.

But, I can't yield only this time.

I think that Hyrinth-san understood it.

「Then, I will be Yuri's opponent」

「Katia, Yuri is」

「I know it. She's the same as me before. I won't kill her」

Complicated feelings were able to grasped on Katia's face.

The anger towards Yuugo.

The pity towards Yuri.

Not only that, but Yuri's appearance might be seen as her former self.

As the body that has been brainwashed by Yuugo.

If something was different, it might be just reverse that stood next to me.

Katia should have an extraordinarily strong thought against Yuugo.

But, she suppressed it, and handed it over to me.

I won't waste that will.

「Ah ah ah. Not only Oka-chan, but you're also here」

「Ah, In order to defeat you」

「Ha! How funny. You? Me? There's no way you can!!」

The pressure that seems to rule this place gushes out of Yuugo's body.

I appraise Yuugo while holding the sword.

『Human　LV61　Name　Yuugo Van Rengzand

Status

ＨＰ：３１６９／４８３１（Green）（Details）

ＭＰ：１５４２／１７１１（Blue）（Details）

ＳＰ：２５７７／２５７７（Yellow）（Details）

：２６６３／３２５５（Red）+０（Details）

Average Offensive Ability：３８８９（Details）+４００

Average Defensive Ability：１２５５（Details）+４００

Average Magic Ability：９９８（Details）+２００

Average Resistance Ability：２３８４（Details）+２００

Average Speed Ability：２９３９（Details）+４００

Skill

「Automatic HP Recovery LV6」 「MP Recovery Speed LV2」 「MP Consumption Down LV2」 「SP Recovery Speed LV7」 「SP Consumption Down LV7」 「Magic Perception LV3」 「Magic Manipulation LV2」 「Magic God Act LV2」 「Magic Granting LV2」 「Offensive Magic Power LV1」 「Enhanced Destruction LV4」 「Enhanced Slashing LV4」 「Enhanced Blunt LV2」 「Enhanced Piercing LV1」 「Enhanced Shock LV1」 「Heresy Attack LV4」 「War God Spirit LV2」 「Vitality Granting LV2」 「Vitality Attack LV5」 「Sword Genius LV4」 「Throw LV2」 「3D-Maneuver LV2」 「Cooperation LV2」 「Command LV4」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV3」 「Prediction LV1」 「Calculation Processing LV1」 「Memory LV1」 「Accuracy LV8」 「Evasion LV8」 「Stealth LV3」 「Silent LV1」 「Odorless LV1」 「Appraisal LV10」 「Conquest」 「Stupefaction」 「Water Magic LV1」 「Thunder Magic LV1」 「Grudge Magic LV1」 「Heresy Magic LV2」 「Demon King LV1」 「Dignity LV2」 「Rage LV4」 「Overeating LV3」 「Greed」 「Lust」 「Destruction Resistance LV1」 「Blunt Resistance LV2」 「Slash Resistance LV2」 「Abnormal Condition Resistance LV3」 「Heresy Resistance LV4」 「Pain Resistance LV7」 「Enhanced Vision LV3」 「Enhanced Hearing LV2」 「Enhanced Smell LV2」 「Enhanced Taste LV2」 「Enhanced Touch LV2」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV3」 「Destiny LV10」 「Magic Well LV2」 「Agility LV5」 「Endurance LV5」 「Herculean Strength LV8」 「Solid LV4」 「Magician LV2」 「Protection LV2」 「Dash LV9」 「Taboo LV9」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」

Skill points：２１７

Title

「Monster Killer」 「Ruler of Greed」 「Ally Killer」 「Human Killer」 「Ruler of Lust」 「Human Slaughterer」 「Merciless」 「Monster Slaughterer」 「Master of Frenzy」 「Conqueror」 「Leading One」 「King」』

Irregular status.

Although it's low overall, there's a lot of skills.

The skill points of the halfway figure with odd amount.

This is the power that Yuugo scraped up by "Greed".

The partly strong skills are probably acquired by the effect of the title.

The skills acquired by the Ruler of Lust and Greed titles would be powerful, and there's a title called Master of Frenzy that I have never seen before.

And, the one that catch my eyes is the "Demon King" skill.

The "Demon King" and "Hero" skills can be acquired either by using a large amount of skill points or by skill proficiency.

Because Yuugo calls himself as the Hero, I don't think that he will acquire the "Demon King" skill purposely.

In other words, Yuugo acquired the "Demon King" skill by skill proficiency.

Even I don't know how to gain the skill proficiency to acquire the "Demon King" skill.

However, it's said that the "Hero" skill might be acquired if a person take the action that seems like it.

In fact, Hyrinth-san said that he acquired the "Hero" skill by skill proficiency.

In other words, the "Demon King" skill that pairs with the "Hero" probably has the same condition as the "Hero".

And, Yuugo achieved it.

He has achieved it.

I raise my status by activating "War God Spirit" and "Magic God Act", and I focus on Yuugo.

In that face, there's a smile that went mad.

It seems that it's impossible to go back anymore.

I pointed the sword to such a former classmate calmly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.9: Elf Village Battle 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑨

【Katia】

The magic of thunder that Yuri shoots.

But, even so, it doesn't reach me too.

The Dragon Killer title that I obtained when the Earth Dragon is defeated in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

The skill called "Dragon Power" by the title has the effect of raising the status and obstructing magic when it's activated.

Although it's inferior to the magic obstruction effect that a genuine Dragon has, it's enough to prevent low rank magic.

And, at this moment, Yuri mainly uses the low rank magics that have fast activation to prevent my approach.

Yuri's status should be high as she became the Saint, but if it's said, I should be considerably strong among the reincarnated people too.

I seem to have the advantage as there's the advantage of the "Dragon Power" skill.

Yuri's choice is not wrong.

I'm the versatile type that can handle close combat despite being close to magic whereas Yuri is a magic type.

If she allows the approach, my victory is decided.

That's why, she abandon the magic with power that has long charge, and she choose the rapid firing for stopping me.

But, that only makes the match prolong, and it doesn't become the factor to overturn my advantage.

I neutralize the approaching thunder with "Dragon Power", and come through it almost unhurt.

The magic of thunder that's difficult to evade and defend would be a considerable threat without "Dragon Power".

Although I didn't feel lived when I encounter the Earth Dragon in the Great Dungeon, because I acquired such a skill thanks to that fight, the result might be good.

Towards Yuri who's preparing to shoot the next magic, I shoot the return magic.

As expected, I can't use the fire that's my good attribute in the forest.

It's serious if it catches fire.

The magic that I shoot is "Light Magic".

The light ray pierces Yuri's shoulder.

Although it's a low rank magic with low power similar to the magic of thunder that Yuri uses, Yuri who doesn't have the defense of the "Dragon Power" can't prevent it.

Yuri who frowns in pain.

In that expression, surprise is included.

Did she think that she can win if she doesn't allow me to approach?

I'm a versatile type that's close to magic, you know?

I didn't train with Shun just for show since childhood.

Yuri should know it.

But then, the me who Yuri knows is during the time we spent time in the academy.

Although it's a short period, I come through many fights during the time, and become strong.

Although the "Dragon Power" is the power acquired in that way, I feel that I got used to fight is big.

There was always the existence called death nearby that can never be tasted in training in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

And, the experience that came through it is the present me and present Yuri, and it might be the difference.

「Why!?」

Yuri shoots the magic of thunder while shouting.

I neutralize it with "Dragon Power", and recover the damage received immediately.

「Even though you betrayed Yuugo-sama, why do you stand in my way!?」

「I didn't betray him. I only returned」

「Don't say things that don't make sense!」

I myself have received Yuugo's brainwash.

I realize extent of the effect.

It's not a level that can be canceled by word persuasion.

That's why, I decide to make her silent with ability.

The light ray pierces Yuri's body again.

The light ray that flies at the speed of light is a very difficult magic to avoid it similar to the thunder.

I fired it into Yuri's foot.

Yuri who's foot is shot, and falls down to the ground.

Because Yuri can use recovery magic, it's insufficient in damage, but she can't regain the interval when she fell down no matter what.

I shorten the distance instantly, and pierce Yuri's body with the rapier of my favorite sword.

Although it looks like a fatal wound at glance, I can stop it as I take her consciousness by the effect of the 「Hold Back」

I give Yuri the treatment of the extent that she won't die, and restrict her.

If I chase Yuri who escaped, a considerable distance will open with Shun and the others.

Let's return immediately.

And, at the return destination, Yuugo fell down, and there was the figure of Shun pointing the sword at the front of his eyes.

Ah, as expected.

There's no way Shun can be defeated by the power of the fake no matter what.

In contrast with Yuugo who's full of wounds from head to foot, Shun doesn't have a wound.

He's really a cheater.

Come to think of it, Shun was unhurt even when we fought against the Earth Dragon in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

「Did it end?」

「Ah」

Ah, using the man words has become troublesome by now.

「Still, still, it's not over, yet!」

「No, it's over. You can't defeat me」

Yuugo tries to move the body that doesn't seem to be able to move well, and falls down to the ground again weakly.

Although I acknowledge the tenacity, it can be said that he doesn't know when to give up.

「Shun, give the decisive blow. You have the right to do so」

Speaking honestly, I want to give the decisive blow on this man.

I was deprived variously by this man.

Those will never return.

I want to vent the anger of the loss on this man.

However, Shun lost more than me.

If it's giving the decisive blow, Shun is more suitable than me.

「No. I won't take your life」

And yet, Shun says an unbelievable thing.

「What?」

Ah, my original words came out unintentionally.

But, such thing doesn't matter.

「What do you mean by that? Don't tell me that you intend to keep this man alive?」

「A-Ah」

「Don't joke with me!」

Although I thought that this person is very naive, I never thought that he's this much!

「Even if you keep this man alive, there will be a hundred harms and not a single gain! He's a harm just by being alive. He should be killed immediately」

「Sorry, Katia. I understand Katia's feelings, and I don't have the intention to forgive Yuugo. But still, I will keep this guy alive. Live and make up for his sins until death」

Shun's eyes look straight to my eyes.

A solid will was felt there.

It's useless no matter what I say.

It can't be helped.

Possibly, I might be hated by Shun with this.

But, Yuugo must not be kept alive.

I start to construct the magic in order to give the decisive blow on Yuugo.

「As expected, you're really too naive」

A roaring sound.

A shock.

I protect my face with my hand instinctively, and my whole body is covered in something.

I understood that it was Shun's body.

E-E-E-Embraced!

When the shock passes, Shun separates with me immediately.

Ah.

「Who?」

At the point that Shun look at, the man who trampled Yuugo was standing there.

Yuugo lost his head, and was trampled by the right foot of the man.

Something like a small crater is created at the man's feet, and created the shock.

Where on earth did this man come from?

Guessing from the situation, did he fly from somewhere?

No, such a thing is not the problem now.

The problem is the man's identity.

There's two horns on the man's forehead.

Although he has the similar figure to a human, he's not human.

Probably, an Oni.

The higher rank species of the Ogre-type monsters.

It's a dreadful species that has the wisdom similar to the human, and the power as the monster.

But, even that doesn't matter.

I look at the man's face, and open my eyes wide in surprise.

Surely, Shun also has the same look.

「Have I been forgotten after a long time?」

I, no, we know the man's face.

Although the entire atmosphere changed, the look remains properly.

「Kyouya」

Shun says the name.

It was nothing but our close friend in the previous life, Sasajima Kyouya.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.10: Elf Village Battle 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑩

【Sophia】

What should I do?

Kyouya-kun has rushed out.

「Ojou-sama, what will you do?」

I want to ask that.

But, I should say something here, right?

After all, Kyouya-kun has gone arbitrarily, and I'm the highest in the position, isn't it?

Ugh....

The pressure makes my stomach....

Let's go with the strategy as usual here.

「Merazofis, I entrust it to you」

The leaving all to somebody else.

Although I was actually planning to leave all to Kyouya-kun, he has gone.

Really.

What kind of thing is it to leave me after his friend was found?

There's no way I can command the army alone.

「What will Ojou-sama do?」

I answer Merazofis's question after leaving a space in a relaxed manner.

Actually, I think about a good excuse in the meantime.

「The Hero is there. It's rude if I don't go to greet him as the Maou-sama's retainer, right?」

What the hell.

I said it myself, and I draw back that this is slightly impossible.

To go and greet the enemy expressly, which evil Four Heavenly Kings is that.

(TL note: Not sure which reference is this. 悪の四天王)

「Indeed」

「Oh? You don't like it?」

「Never. Everything is Ojou-sama's optional」

Merazofis who lowers his head respectfully.

I was able to deceive him somehow.

Then, let's chase after Kyouya-kun.

I begin to walk slowly.

I walk on the battlefield where the Humans fight against the Elves elegantly.

Nobody notices such me.

While I walk, I confirm the present war situation.

After seeing it with "Thousand Miles Eye", the central vicinity in the battlefield is in deadlock.

The Hero is also around here.

The right-wing and the left-wing are, ah, the Humans are almost annihilated by the Elf's robots.

It can't be helped.

If that robot is the opponent, the normal Human can't win.

Oh?

That old man is incredible.

The robot is being defeated.

Oh?

What is Master doing?

Is the old man an acquaintance?

Well, if it's Master, there's no problem.

Oh?

Kusama-kun is defeated by the robots and is withdrawing.

Well, Kusama-kun is not so strong, and just surviving after fighting against the robot is a godsend.

Or did the Elves overlook him on purpose because he's a reincarnated person?

Thanks to the "Ninja" skill, he's fast in escaping, so the possibility of escaping by himself is high.

I can't say either.

Oh?

Merazofis marches.

Well, I wonder if it's a good time.

Most of the Humans except the center are useless.

Although I wanted them to do their best a little more, if the opponent is the robots, it can't be helped.

Then, from this point, it will become the three-corner fight of the Demons army, the Humans army, and the Elves army.

Actually, because the Humans army is sandwiched between the two army will exit immediately, it's the Demons army vs. the Elves army.

Is Merazofis all right?

Although he has the title of the Commander of the Fourth Demon King Army, he's real strength is considerably inferior to us.

Although he's stronger than the other decoration Commanders, still, I think that it's severe if the opponent is several robots.

I will support him a little.

Skill, "Undead King" activate.

There's a lot of bodies just right, and I can't expect it as a force, but it can at least be a harassment.

The corpses everywhere in the battlefield get up slowly after receiving the power of my skill.

Zombie.

The movement is slow, and there's no ability when it's alive.

If it's seen in ability, it's the lowest.

However, because it doesn't have a soul, it won't stop until the body is destroyed completely.

Even if it's stopped, experience point is not obtained because there's no soul.

It's really an unpleasant ability.

It stinks.

It's disgusting.

I set the zombies' target as the Elves, the Humans, and the robots.

I fix that those who die in the battlefield after this to become zombies automatically.

With this, it's good.

It will at least be a meat wall.

Oh?

Kyouya-kun has killed Natsume-kun.

Well, it's fine though.

Won't the Humans who are broken from brainwash be a chaos now?

Well, at any rate, Dustin-ojisama will do preparations behind-the-scene so that there's no confusion.

Well then, I have come near to the Hero, so shall I erase my presence and watch the development?

「Kyouya, is it really Kyouya?」

「Yeah. The real Sasajima Kyouya. It's been a long time, Shun, Kanata」

「Why are you here?」

「Un? Isn't that obvious? It's to destroy the Elves」

「Wha-!?」

「Rather, as for me, I don't understand why Shun and the others side with the Elves. Anyway, you're probably deceived by the Elves' cajolery」

「What do you mean?」

「The Elves are the harm of the world, you know? It's insane to protect them. It's not too late even from now. Can you withdraw?」

「There's no way....」

「Kyouya, tell me in detail」

「Okay. But, Kanata, you have become very cute. I mistook you」

「Thanks」

「Ahaha. Somehow, it seems like talking with different person」

「I can't be the same in reality. The past and the present, the world where I live and the appointed circumstances are different. I think that it's abnormal to not change」

「Certainly. Oops, let's return to the talk」

「!! Wait! Who!?」

Oh?

Was I noticed?

As expected, he's a Hero even if he's corrupted.

Then, let's decide to appear splendidly here.

「How do you do?」

「Who are you?」

「Oh? Isn't it courtesy to give your name first when you ask a person's name?」

「I'm Shurein」

「It's good that you are obedient. I am Sophia Keren. Please to make your acquaintance」

「It's Negishi Akiko」

「Wha-!?」

Why this man reveals my previous life's name without lightly!?

I will knock you down!?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200.11: Elf Village Battle 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑪

【Shun】

Kyouya who appeared suddenly.

And, Negishi Akiko named Sophia.

Why these two people are together?

The two of them should not have an interaction particularly in the previous life.

Then, the two of them meet somewhere in the present world, and acted together.

「I am Sophia. I threw away my old name」

「It will be found out someday anyway, so isn't it better to not be pretentious?」

「Don't give me directions」

Former Negishi, Sophia who glares at Kyouya.

Certainly, the impression is very different in Negishi of the previous life and the present Sophia.

The previous existence that was taciturn, always looked downward, and brought on a eerie atmosphere.

The present that has an arrogant tone, faces the front properly, and has Haki.

Perhaps, if it's not said by Kyouya, I wouldn't know that it's the same person.

There was no look called Rihoko in the shadow in the previous life at all.

「Ah」

Magic is shot towards Kyouya and Sophia.

It's the Elves' magic.

Both Kyouya and Sophia prevent it easily.

「Salvo!」

The man who seems to be the captain of the Elves shouts.

In response to it, the surrounding Elves start attacking all at once.

「Please wait!」

My voice doesn't reach.

Although I wanted to say that they are not the enemy, Kyouya has declared that he came to destroy the Elves clearly.

Seeing from the Elves, he was a clear enemy.

「Hindrance」

Sophia swings her arm.

The Elves' attacks are cleared away, and a red liquid is scattered from the arm in the surroundings.

The liquid wriggles as if it has a will, and attacks the Elves at high speed.

When I thought to stop her, it was too late, and the Elves who touched the liquid begin to melt while giving off a stench.

「Ku!?」

When I turn around to the voice, I catch sight of Hyrinth-san caught the red liquid with the shield.

The red liquid clung to Hyrinth-san's shield, and seemed to try to cover the shield completely.

Anna and Sensei are over there.

「Stop it!」

I swing the sword at once towards Sophia.

Kyouya stopped it.

「How light. Do you seriously think that you can cut someone with such a sharp sword?」

I'm sent flying by Kyouya lightly.

It was the evidence that his offensive ability status greatly exceeds me clearly.

「Sophia. Isn't the one who fall at the back Sensei?」

「Oh? Is it?」

「Probably」

「Then, it can't be helped. I will stop it」

When Sophia snaps her finger, the red liquid withdraws from Hyrinth-san's shield quickly.

And, the liquid scattered in the surroundings coils around Sophia's arm, and it disappeared as if it's being absorbed into the body.

I have neither heard nor saw such a skill before.

What is it?

「Leaving aside Sensei, how about the Half Elf there?」

「I don't know」

「Then, there's no problem even if I kill her」

I have wariness towards Sophia who says a dangerous thing.

I hold the sword.

「Ah, Shun has got angry. What are you going to do with it?」

「Are you saying it's my fault? I won't do anything. If he's hostile, I will just smash him up to the extent that he won't die」

「He's more or less my friend, you know?」

「Then, try persuade him. I don't care either」

Aside from Kyouya, Sophia is dangerous.

This composure in addition to the unknown ability.

I should think that she has a considerable strength.

In addition, my "Appraisal" didn't work in both Kyouya and Sophia.

『Appraisal was obstructed』

I have seen the message only once.

When I used "Appraisal" on Sensei for the first time.

Sensei said that it was the Ruler authority.

In other words, it means that the two people in front are Rulers.

Because I was cautious of Sophia, I was not able to mind the surrounding state.

By a short shout, I knew that the situation changed.

At the point that I turned around, innumerable Elves attacked Hyrinth-san.

All of them are the Elves who were half melted that were defeated by Sophia some time ago.

「Ah」

Sophia leaks a voice.

It's this person's ability!?

Shit.

Although Hyrinth-san wards off the swarming Elves with the shield and slashes with the sword, the effect is small.

A sword is swung down to me who was going to support him in a hurry.

Ahead of the stopped sword is the figure of Yuugo who lost the head.

『Zombie：The existence like a golem that moves by the ability to manipulate corpse of living thing. As long as the body is not destroyed completely, it will continue to move』

When I appraised him, the status is not displayed and only the explanation is displayed.

Zombie, the identity of the thing that attacks us now.

It seems to be meaningless even if we smash the head because the headless Yuugo is moving calmly.

In order to stop the movement, it seems that we have to destroy the body completely.

What a troublesome ability.

I blow off the zombie of Yuugo with magic.

Katia burnt down the whole zombie of the Elves with flame on the side too.

I try to go to support Hyrinth-san.

「Ah」

An arrow pierced Anna's chest deeply who treated Sensei.

The arrow that the Elf zombie shot, pierced Anna's heart.

Anna who's HP decreases very fast.

It's dangerous if treatment is not given at once.

But, the Elf zombies stand in my way.

Hyrinth-san and Katia can't move because they are obstructed by the swarming Elves.

「Get out of my way!」

I cut them down, and reach Anna.

At the same time, the fallen Anna's HP becomes 0.

I activate the "Kindness" skill without hesitation.

I won't let Anna become a zombie.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV9』 has become 『Taboo LV10』》

《Conditions met. Activating the effect of Taboo. Installing》

Something flows into me who succeeded in Anna's resurrection.

「Guaaaaaaaaaa!?」

My head hurts.

My head seems to break by the excessive headache.

But, when I writhe, those flowed into my head without mercy.

Katia burns down the Elf zombies, and runs up to me.

Hyrinth-san holds the shield to protect us.

Although Kyouya and Sophia seem to talk about something, I can't understand what is it because it's impossible with the headache.

「Shun! Hold on!」

Katia gives me "Treatment Magic".

But, it's useless.

This is not a pain that can be relieved with treatment.

《Installation completed》

At the same time as the Divine Word's message, someone transfers.

The person who transferred beside Kyouya and Sophia.

I know that person.

It was a white girl.

There's no way I will forget it.

Julius-niisama's last opponent who Hyrinth-san showed to me.

But, why didn't I notice at that time?

No, I can agree if I see the figure.

Although it's hard to understand, the power of the recognition obstruction is applied in that person's surroundings.

Such magic that makes people to only have the impression of white.

I didn't understand it to that extent in the image shown by Hyrinth-san.

But, when I actually saw the real thing, I broke through the magic of the recognition obstruction and the identity rose clearly.

「Wakaba-san」

That was none other than the reincarnated person who should have died, Wakaba Hiiro.

And, my consciousness was reaped by the headache, and I sank into the deep abyss.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Changed Ogre to Oni(鬼). While the Ogre(オーガ) is kept the same.

201 The Demon King and the Queen

The passage that connects the upper layer and the middle layer in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

I was waiting there.

I who's the Queen-in-charge, my present body grew up considerably.

I'm no difference with the former Queen just by the appearance.

Thanks to that, the passage that should be wide feels narrow.

When I think about such a thing, the expected visitor came.

「Yo」

The Demon King said so and greeted lightly.

Although I was told 「Because the Demon King is coming, run away」 by the main body, I judged that I should try to talk with this Demon King once.

And, the Demon King who came over changed completely from the time when I met her before, and greeted friendly.

Because I was killed without arguments when we met before, it's a great difference.

Ah.

Oops.

I can't talk.

Ah, I forgot about it because I usually do a telepathic communication with the main body through the path of the soul.

Although I had a feeling that calmness was added after fusing with the Queen, it looks like the carelessness is not cured after all.

『Ah, I see. If it's not Telepathy, the words can't be exchanged. Sorry, sorry』

The Demon King speaks with the Telepathy as if she saw through my thought.

Did the Demon King have the Telepathy?

Oh, well.

If I can speak with Telepathy, it's convenient.

『So, which one is you now?』

It has been known that the connection with Maou-in-charge severed from us.

In other words, the Maou-in-charge lost in the tug-of-war of the soul, and as a result, the Demon King acquired the initiative of the consciousness.

It's thought so.

But, the presence that I feel from the Demon King since a while ago is close to the Maou-in-charge.

I was not able to judge whether the Demon King won or the Maou-in-charge won when I see the real thing.

『I'm both. That's the closest answer』

『What do you mean?』

『It's the meaning as it is. I feel that the consciousness of Ariel is pretty much strong, but I'm aware that I myself is the Maou-in-charge. In other words, the state that we mixed and melted together』

Seriously?

Demon King Ariel has mix with the former Body-in-charge.

No, I did expect it.

It was not really unexpected, and I thought that there's such a possibility.

But, when I actually see it, well.

『Too bad that you became the Demon King』

『Isn't that harsh!?』

It's actually so.

Where did the charisma when I met you before go?

Ah, come to think of it, it's strange for me to speak with another person normally like this, huh?

When I think so, it can't be think that it's another person.

『So, what will you do from now on? If you want to pick a fight with the main body, it's better that you stop. Because she is working immortality now』

『What's with that frightening work?』

『Keep laying eggs to mass produce the evacuation site』

『Ah. So that's the reason why she revived calmly even though I killed her before』

『Ah, oops』

The Demon King didn't know about this information.

Damn.

『Ah, it's fine because I don't have the intention to be hostile anymore』

『Ah, is that so? If so, it's good』

Safe.

Well, it's hopeless because it's already almost impossible to do something about all the eggs even if she know it.

『Un. Rather than being hostile, isn't it better to joint struggle?』

The Demon King smiles.

I feel a freezing deep anger in that smile.

Such a place is the Demon King, huh?

『I see. Well, isn't it fine? The main body thinks that she must do something to the world』

『Don't you agree? Although it looks like Gyurie doesn't notice it because he doesn't have the interference right, the world collapse will start soon. That must be evaded no matter what it takes』

『Yeah. Well, because the main body seem to have annihilated some army at a considerable momentum, it might be delay a little』

『What's that? Can you tell me in detail?』

Blah-blah-blah.

I tell the story that the main body plunged into the war and massacred.

『Good Job!』

『Is that fine for you? It's the religion that worships you and your Master』

『It's fine. The Divine Word Religion is more decent than such people who lost sight of the essence』

『Is that so?』

『Yeah. The Divine Word Religion's Pope has maxed the level of "Taboo"』

『Seriously?』

『Seriously. Therefore, that can't be said as an ally, but that probably have the same thought as us to some extent. Well, Because that acts with the Humans survival as the top priority, That might not come to an agreement with us in the final point』

『Hmm? The way of speaking sounds that it's fine even if the Humans perished?』

『It's fine』

『Is it fine? I think that your Master will be sad if it's done though』

『I'm resolved. I seem to have changed considerably after mixing with a part of you. My way of thinking changed considerably』

『Ah, I see. I don't know whether it's good or not though』

For the time being, the action of the main body doesn't seem to have any problem for the Demon King.

Rather, it seems to be a good job.

『That's why, I want to meet the main body for the cease-fire and joint struggle, but how is it?』

『Let me see. Wait for a while. I will confirm...』

Un?

Um, this, don't tell me?

『Hmm? What's wrong?』

Ah, seriously?

Main body, finally.

I mean, this is unexpected.

『Sorry. I will disappear』

『What?』

There's no time to explain it, huh?

Apparently, I will be absorbed into the main body by the main body's apotheosis.

When it's this condition, the other Queens are the same too, huh?

Aaah.

Well, it doesn't means that I will die and I will only return to the original sheath, but will the existence called me disappear?

Although I don't know what will happen to this body, does it means that it will die when the soul comes out?

As for the Demon King, the connection disappeared, so she will be safe.

If I had the time, I can guide her to the main body with Transfer.

I'm sorry, but please locate the main body by yourself.

I will cope properly at that time.

And, I was pulled by the main body, and I was extracted from the Queen's body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

202 God

《Skill is reduced》

《Status is reduced》

《Title is reduced》

《Skill point is reduced》

《Experience point is reduced》

《D carefully made 『Basic Course of God』 is installed》

《Apotheosis finished. After this, you will not receive any system support. Thank you for your use》

The change happens in me slowly.

That's the phenomenon called apotheosis that's fundamentally different from the evolution so far.

The strength guaranteed by the system is lost, and reincarnate into the world only with my own power.

Instead of that, it also means that the limited strength by the system is released.

My soul that became miscellaneous mixes slowly by my will.

My soul divided by the skill called "Parallel Will" is collected into one again.

A part of the Queen and the Demon King's souls, and the things acquired by experience point, those impurities are slowly digested and absorbed as me.

That's not the state that's patching sloppily so far, but it's the absorption in the firmly true meaning.

All of them end, and it's reborn to the true me who lost impurities.

And, my consciousness surfaced from the deep sleep.

I open my eyes.

It's a white wall that comes into view.

In a word, it was something like a cocoon.

When I touch it, it loosens and collapses.

Apparently, this was made of my threads.

It looks like I shut myself in the cocoon while I'm unconscious.

When the cocoon loosens, it was the underground facility that's same place where I fainted.

I stand up from the cocoon.

Huh?

When I think that it's strange, I walk with two legs.

Is it the influence of apotheosis?

I create a mirror with the feeling like the extension of the "Soil Magic".

I look at the figure reflected in the completed mirror.

The upper body doesn't change so much.

The eyes only became strange.

In the red eye, there are four small eyes.

What is this?

I try to move each one.

It moves just as wanted.

And, in the eyes reflected in the mirror, many small eyes move around.

Gross.

Let's close my eyes usually.

After all, if I use Fluoroscopy, it doesn't change even if I close my eyes.

Leaving aside the eyes, the problem is the lower body.

I have become a complete human-type from the spider-type so far.

Although I think that this is alright, I have lived as a spider all the time, so it's somewhat lonely when it disappears.

When I think about such thing, the lower body broke.

Rather than broke, it changed.

The two legs become eight, and the spider-type appeared.

However, the eyes disappear.

When I think about it, I return to two legs again.

It seems to be a variable type.

To be equipped with transformation function, I'm not bad.

When I repeated transformation in amusement, I heard an amazed voice from the side.

「How long do you plan to play?」

Hello, Gyurigyuri.

「It seems that you really have reach the rank of God. I'm really amazed that you do it in this short term」

Well, I wonder if it's to that extent.

However, what should I do?

I can't talk even if I become a God because I have a community disease.

A smartphone fell with a plop.

『Hello. It's the Evil God D who loves everyone』

It appeared.

It's the worst offender for pleasure.

I understood everything after apotheosis.

This person's personality is the worst.

『Apparently, Kumo reached the God, congratulations. Saying this incidentally, because you have become a God, I can't read your mind anymore. So, with that in your mind』

Seriously?

Alrighty!

With this, the human rights violation will decrease, Hyahha!

Ah, but the 「Basic Course of God」 is very helpful. Thank you.

The 「Basic Course of God」 has the basic knowledge about God according to the name.

With this, I who have just finished making the debut as God can name myself as one of the Gods.

「D. Did you guide her?」

『Although I only gave a trivial help, it's her own power that reached God. I don't particularly do anything』

Yes, a lie!

Even though this person interfered very much, she uttered a lie calmly.

『It's not a lie. I really did nothing but trivial things. It's hard even to survive, and to reach the God from there is more than my imagination. That's why, it's interesting』

Ue!?

Wasn't my thought can't be read!?

『I can't read it, but I can at least predict it』

What the heck.

『By the way, why don't you wear clothes?』

Ah, that's right.

I'm stark naked now.

I produce clothes using the threads.

I put on the underwear, and for the top, I made a robe-like clothes.

Because the lower body flutters, I can transform myself into the spider-type immediately.

『It's white. How about decorating it a little more?』

Troublesome.

Although coloring is probably possible, the default is white when I produce a thread.

『Because you're a girl, it's a loss when you don't care about fashion, you know? 』

Well, it's troublesome.

「Assuming that fashion, etc are trivial, what will you do from now on?」

Yeah.

To be frank, the aim of becoming a God was accidental, but it has been accomplished.

In other words, I'm equal to the Administrator.

Still, I probably can't win even if I challenge Gyurigyuri to a fight.

Even if we are equal, the length that we lived is different, and the accumulated experience is different.

The "Appraisal" is impossible.

I'm already the existence that's disconnected from the frame of the system.

I converted all the power of the skills into the power of the original soul, and have absorbed it.

Therefore, the skills can't be used.

Well, I can reproduce the thing similar to the skill by magic though.

Because the "Appraisal" has a strong affinity with the system, I probably can't do it unless I hack into the system once.

That's why, I don't know what's my present strength.

It's certain that I became strong to the extent that I can't be compared with the existence in the system by freeing myself of the system.

With this, even if the Demon King comes, I can win. Hyaffuu!

「That talk, can I join?」

When I thought so, the Demon King really appeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

203 Uninhabited area

「Yo yo. Newborn Maou Shoujo Ariel-chan visit!」

Oi, someone retort her.

The smartphone, silence.

Gyurigyuri looks away quietly.

I decided that I never saw it.

「Huh? Did I fail?」

Yes.

A big failure.

Crap, this is really crap.

Although Maou-sama has become slightly unexpectedly pitiful, how do you intend to take the responsibility?

Me?

No no no.

I have nothing to do with it.

I'm innocent.

「Oi, what would you do with that?」

Gyurigyuri-san, don't ask me.

And, D, say something.

「Huh? I wonder what's wrong. Somehow, I feel that I'm being treated incredibly rude even though I just appeared」

*Silence*

「That's enough. Don't speak anymore. Just by you speaking, something in me complains of sadness」

「Isn't that harsh!?」

「The harsh one is you!」

Gyurigyuri who weakened from the knee suddenly, and begins to do orz.

Isn't he seriously crying?

Well, when a person of the old friend relation changes into such pitiful state...

I understand the feeling.

When I understand it alone, the revived Gyurigyuri grabs my head.

Wha-, it hurts, it hurts!?

「This is something you did originally, right? How do you intend to take this responsibility?」

I give up! I give up!

No matter how I take it, nothing can be done!?

「No, Gyurie, aren't you completely denying the present me inadvertently?」

「That's not it. It's just that I was only a little upset that the degree of pity is more than expected」

「I would be happy if you can use an indirect expression a little more though」

「The result of using indirect expression is the present words」

「Aren't you harsh!?」

I who's thrown away.

Gufu!

My face was grazed hard.

That hurts.

Ah, because I don't recover automatically, I must recover manually.

「And so, why did you come here?」

「I thought that I should make up with Kumo-chan over there」

Eh?

Ah, come to think of it, on the last time we met, she did say something about a joint struggle.

Ah, that is the memory as the Queen that was in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Because the apotheosis has begun at that time, the conversation with the Demon King ended halfway.

Huh?

That reminds me, why is the Demon King here?

There should have been a considerable distance from the Elro Great Labyrinth to this underground facility.

Did she learn Transfer?

Ah, I'm also interested what happened to the Queen's body after that.

「Ah. Even though the half was the same person, when I face the real thing like this, I don't know what she's thinking」

How rude.

I always repeat difficult considerations variously.

『Kumo's thought no.1, why is the Demon King here?』

OOI!?

D, you really are not reading my mind, right!?

The truth is you're reading it, right!?

「Hmm? What do you mean?」

『In Kumo's subjectivity, she talked with you in the Elro Great Labyrinth as the Queen is the last, but after that, when she woke up, it seems to be strange that the Demon King appeared here who was far away』

「Eh? Ah. She just woke up」

「Ah. Just now」

「Kumo-chan, it's already 47 days ago that I talked with the Queen in the Elro Great Labyrinth, you know?」

What?

Seriously?

That means, it takes that much time for apotheosis?

Oh.

It's not equal to the evolution.

「By the way, this is the first time that I talk like this. Nice to meet you, D-sama. I am Ariel who act as the Demon King of this generation」

『Nice to meet you. Although I don't know whether there's a second time or not』

Un?

The Demon King and D didn't met before?

『Thought no.2, what happen to the Queen's body? Thought no.3, is this the first meeting of D and the Demon King?』

Un.

You definitely can read my mind, right?

「Well, the Queen is pretty much alive after that. However, because it's like a husk of soul, I only feel that it's living. It should be usable if you insert a substitute soul into it」

I see.

Although I certainly thought that it will die, it's alive, huh?

「It's only me who have met D in this star. Even Sariel hasn't met」

『By the way, he at that time shook like a newborn fawn』

Gyurigyuri frowns.

That means, it's true, huh?

「There's not much chance for a low rank God like me to meet a high rank God like you」

Um, is D seriously a considerably great God?

I certainly thought that she was a crazy, can't be understood, and mad God.

『Divine Punishment』

Goha!?

Guooooooo.

Although it's unknown that what was done, it's certain that I have received an outrageous damage.

Very painful.

Even if I were to say where, I'm troubled that where hurts, but somewhere super-hurts.

What's this?

Is this the attack of God?

D-Dreadful.

「Why this girl writhes suddenly?」

『It can't be helped because her head is pitiful』

Oi.

Why do you have a convinced face, pitiful Demon King?

「The talk doesn't advance at all」

「Yeah. I want to do a serious talk by now, but Kumo-chan don't want to make up with me?」

No no.

If possible, that's OK.

Originally, the reason why I pick a fight with the Demon King is because I thought that I might be ruled by the "Kin Domination" skill sooner or later.

Although I have the "Heresy Nullity", there was an influence to some extent that there was a change in the mind.

Now that I surpassed you even in power after the apotheosis that the connection of the soul completely disappeared, I don't think to fight forcibly.

Thus, I nod to affirm it.

「That means yes, right? Then, don't you have the intention to joint struggle with me?」

Ah.

You said such a thing in the conversation with the Queen.

That's right.

I shake my head to it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

204 Easy

「Eh?」

The stupid voice of the Demon King who didn't think that I would refuse it.

Oh, well.

Even though I put out an atmosphere that a favorable answer seems to be heard, it's a refusal when hearing it.

It's like receiving an interview with a good feeling, and when the announcement of the interview is seen, it's a fail.

「W-Why?」

Well.

Well, after all, I who became God don't have to be particular about this star anymore.

The reason why I aimed at the Administrator desperately is because this star will become bad soon.

Because it seemed that every star will end up dying if I don't do something, I aimed at the Administrator position that can do something.

But, when I actually became a God, I noticed that it's fine even if I didn't need to be particular about this star.

If I feel like it, I can escape from this star anytime by using the space magic.

Yes, I can do it.

Although such a thing was impossible by the Dimension Magic so far, that's the story with the limited frame called the skills.

Like how the previous Hero and Demon King did so, it's possible to even to return to Earth by crossing the dimension if I develop the Transfer magic.

Although it will take quite a number of days to complete the magic formula, at least, it will be completed earlier than this star collapses.

When thinking so, there's no need to use my body purposely to stop this star's collapse.

Although there's the part that I think of the people in this star, if everything collapses, it's refreshing.

Although I'm interested in the Vampire child or the other reincarnated people, there's no obligation to save them purposely.

Is this the influence of apotheosis?

The anger to the people of this star that I had, decreases.

Perhaps, the foundation of that anger flowed from the soul of the Demon King who's in front of me.

Because everything was digested by the apotheosis and drank up, I think that the present me can judge without idle thoughts.

Does it means that I become closer to the former self at the moment I was born?

But then, it's not that I don't have any anger at all.

There's the feeling of being annoyed.

But, rather that saying it as the person concerned, it's like seeing a villain in the movie.

The anger felt in the villain over the screen.

It's a feeling of that extent.

Although I'm sorry that I throw it into confusion thoroughly so far, I will leave this star coolly!

『Kumo's thought no.4, I will leave the star and live freely now that I became a God』

Yes.

My feeling is good-bye.

「You should give up」

And yet, Gyurigyuri warns me with a serious look.

Why?

「The thing called star is mostly managed by the Gods. This star was originally managed by the Dragons, but they abandoned it. D is supposed to manage this star for convenience now. The jurisdiction of D who's the highest rank God means that the other Gods won't come to interfere, but the effect is lost if she leave this star. If we assume that the independent Gods migrate to the star where intellectual creatures can live, they will be repelled by the local Gods」

What?

In other words, every stars have Administrators, and if I invade the star without the permission of the Administrators, I will be attacked?

『By the way, the Earth is my jurisdiction』

Ah, is that so?

Then, it's the most comfortable to let me live in the Earth.

『I don't mind that you return to the Earth particularly, but there's about two conditions』

Uwa, I can only feel a bad feeling.

『The first one is to become my kin』

Yes, never!

Never.

If I become the kin of such ill-natured person, I'm sure that I will experience something frightening than death.

『I will say this just in case. Becoming my kin is considerably an extraordinary condition, you know?』

Is it?

I turn my eyes to Gyurigyuri with a little doubt.

「D's kin, with that alone, your personal safety is guaranteed. Doing something to her kin has the same meaning as opposing D. There's no fool who will make a move on D's kin unless the person is an outstanding daredevil. D's influence is strong in the God's world to that extent」

Seriously?

『In addition, you may do as you please as long as you abide some rules. However, you must obey my order sometimes』

Hmm.

When you said it like that, it's not a bad condition unexpectedly, huh?

『The second one is to cooperate with that Demon King』

Un?

『I want to see this story until the end. That's why, this is the first order rather than a request』

Ah.

I see.

What should I do?

The advantage when I accept D's proposal is the supporter called D is made.

According to Gyurigyuri, this seems to be considerably big.

The disadvantage is that I have to be under the supervision of the extremely troublesome existence called D.

Even if I don't hear Gyurigyuri's speech, she constructs the system and her status as God is clearly far higher than me.

To be frank, I can't win.

Although it's my way of life up until now to escape with every effort if I can't win against the opponent, I don't have the confidence to be able to get away from this person.

Then, it's better to jump into it, huh?

But, it's D.

「Kumo-chan, if you cooperate with me, I will let you eat delicious things to your heart's content, you know?」

Un.

Un.

Un.

Yes, with pleasure!

Well, please present that condition from the beginning.

I will do my very best.

Motivation max.

Delicious things.

Uhehehehe.

「Is this all right?」

『It's not all right. It's a big problem』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

205 The Demon King who's accompanied by God

Yosh.

Now that it's decided, strike while the iron is hot.

Let's massacre both the Humans and the Demons.

「Wait. What are you trying to do?」

Don't stop me, Gyurigyuri!

The paradise is waiting over there!

『Ah, she attempting to exterminate both the Humans and the Demons quickly』

「Do you think that I will allow that?」

Ah, yes.

I'm sorry.

Therefore, could you stop putting out the serious God aura?

That's severe for me who's a beginner God.

「Good grief. Ariel, can you really grasp this bridle?」

「Ahaha. I don't have confidence a little」

The Demon King who puts on a serious look suddenly after laughing.

「To be frank, as for this, I'm honest to myself for good and bad. I will do the things that I want to do. I won't do the things that I don't want to do. If it's the situation that my life is not concerned, I will achieve the things that I want to do by all means」

「Even if it's extreme, huh? How troublesome」

Um.

Could you stop saying it like I'm a calamity?

I can understand the words, you know?

『Although the words can be understood, you're a strange creature that mutual understanding is impossible』

Isn't that harsh!?

No no.

Why the Demon King and Gyurigyuri nod strongly there?

「It can't be helped. I will accompany her too」

「Is it okay?」

「There's no other way. It's only me that can stop this kind of people in this star. If she act violently as she pleases in the place that I don't look, it's a disaster. Because I don't even know when she will explode, I can only watch her always」

Therefore, ah, never mind.

Troublesome.

「Yossha! I get two Gods as subordinates!」

「I'm not a subordinate. I'm a watchdog」

「Fine, fine. However, May I make Gyurie and Kumo-chan as my subordinates for convenience?」

「I don't mind」

I nod.

「Osshi. Then, I will explain briefly about the future plans. First, we will go to the Demons area and gather Demons」

「Do you have something that can be relied on?」

「Of course. I often contacted them after I inherit the Demon King title. For the time being, I have talked lightly to the veteran called Agna and the boy called Balto who gather the Demons now. Well, at the moment when I was going to appear in the front stage as the Demon King, someone of somewhere attacked me, so the progress stagnates」

I wonder who did such a troublesome thing.

Really, I wonder who.

「Uwa, a lot of eyes are swimming. I'm feeling bad」

As expected, let's close my eyes usually.

Let's do so.

「Returning to the talk, because I have said to prepare the Demons' armaments when I come out for the time being, when the preparations are done, I guess a war with the Humans」

「Is it a thing to the extent to start a war? On the other day, thanks to this person did it grandly, the number of the dead should be able to be secured, isn't it?」

A-Ah.

Gyurigyuri doesn't know, huh?

Come to think of it, the Demon King did say such a thing.

「Gyurie, the present ＭＡ area energy filling rate is only 3%」

Gyurigyuri opens his eyes wide to the words of the Demon King who has a serious look unusually.

「Impossible!?」

「Even though it accumulates steadily so far and recovered to 71%, it has decreased completely. The cause is probably the previous Hero and Demon King」

「If the timing is seen, it's like that. But, is it possible? If such a large quantity of energy is consumed, even I who lost the interference right should notice it」

『That's if the energy is used in this star』

「Indeed. I see」

『Yes, it's connected to the story of the reincarnated people that I told you. The previous Hero and Demon King remodel the Dimension Magic, calculate me who's the final person in charge of the system, and set up an attack. The ＭＡ area is destroyed, and the energy is used』

Un?

Isn't what you saying now is different from before?

Didn't you say that the ＭＡ area is pierced when they opened the dimension?

When it's the present way of speaking, it's as if it's set that they will do so beforehand.

『In all probability, they consumed the energy aiming at me intentionally. They might know that the system will continue even if I die. If things go well, they might have thought of depriving my authority. But then, their greatest miscalculation is that the System Administrator was this me. Either they thought that they can seriously kill me by such an attack or they didn't know about me. It's probably the latter』

Aha.

This person, she call the attack that used the energy more than half as such an attack.

This seriously is not a joke.

「There's only one person who will do such a thing」

「Yeah」

It seems that the Demon King and Gyurigyuri know the criminal.

「Potimas!!!!」

A terrible aura rises from Gyurigyuri's body.

「To what extent must it rots for him to be satisfied!?」

「Moreover, he's a Ruler. In addition, he has established the authority. If we kill him in the present state, the hole that became empty will accelerate the world collapse. If we assume that he calculated it to that extent and took actions, I have no choice but to admit that his guile works」

「Damn!」

The two people of the anger max state.

Oh, scary scary.

「Well, that's why, an immediate reorganizing is necessary. Fortunately, because it should be replenished to some extent by the matter said a while ago, there's only a little delay. I will train the Demons by using the delay. And so, we will go to have a flashy decisive battle with the Humans. It's better to have a lot of sacrifices」

To the Demon King's freezing smile, Gyurigyuri had a difficult look and fell silence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205.1: Character Introduction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Character Introduction.

Not so sure about the Monkey and Huge Monkey part.

Character introduction

※Spoiler warning

In addition, the explanation may not be right because a lot of personal interpretations are included.

【Elro Great Labyrinth Upper Layer】

Kumo/Spider (Even this, it's the protagonist)

The variously 'that' spider that explanation is not needed. There's no name yet.

Frog

Kumo's first victim. The grand story of the frog won't start from here.

Centipede

A lot. Gross. Scary.

Snake

The first boss. Small fry now. Poor thing.

【Elro Great Labyrinth Pit～Lower Layer】

Bee

Buzz-buzz. With the special effect to Kumo. Thud!

Earth Dragon Alaba

The first despair. Like an encountering a secret dungeon monster at low level.

Greater Taratect

Spider evolution form. Huge. Strong. Absolutely.

Monkey

Troublesome guys who come out in large quantities while saying "What!? You wanna fight!? I'll beat you up!?".

Huge Monkey

Troublesome guys who come out with the monkeys sometimes while saying "I'm troubled. You have done it in our territory. It's wrong to do a mischief."

Earth Dragon Kaguna

The second despair. Raise your level and come again.

【Elro Great Labyrinth Middle Layer】

Seahorse

The muscle-brain. It's not can win or not, but it's do it or not. But, pardon me from too strong guys.

Catfish.

Mouth is big. Taste is delicious. *slurp*.

Eel

Body is long. Taste is delicious. *slurp*.

Fire Drake

Mid-boss in the middle layer. Because it's the mid-boss, there were not much highlights. It's not too delicious. Too bad.

Fire Dragon Rendo.

Last boss in the middle layer. Because it's the last boss, it's strong. The Dragon that fought directly for the first time.

【Elro Great Labyrinth wandering】

The middle-aged man of the labyrinth guide (Basgas)

A veteran labyrinth guide. He's actually quite strong. A cool nice guy.

Captain Knight

A noble son without the succession right. Comparatively desperate because there's no succession right. But, because he's a green young man, he's ignorant about the common sense of the world.

The adventurers who are attacked by the snake

The adventurers who were about to be annihilated by the snake. After they were saved by Kumo, they kept doing propagation.

Earth Dragon Geere

Kaguna of the hardness, Geere of the speed. When they form a duo even the individual is troublesome, the troublesome-ness don't just doubles.

Arch Taratect

Spider-type monster with the power of the Dragon class. Ridiculously strong. And yet, it sinks by the trap technique. Namu.

Earth Dragon Alaba.

Revenge. As expected, you were strong.

The middle-aged man of the magician (Ronant)

P-Please wait! Please show it more!

SummonerBuirims

The summoner who enslaved the Four Gods(lol). The person himself is classified as strong among the Humans, and the Four Gods(lol) should be strong usually, but the opponent was too bad. Even though he returns alive with will-power, he's demoted to a remote place.

【Outside】

LadySeras

The lady who was attacked by the bandits. Mother of the Vampire child. Pious Goddess believer.

Town Chief

The lady's husband and father of the Vampire child.

The middle-aged man with bad attitude

The middle-aged man with bad attitude. The fool who sent the assassins if he's ignored after ordering in an arrogant manner. As for the result, he was assassinated in return.

Queen Taratect

Kumo's mother. Eaten. Such a mysterious relation.

Babies

What's with these excellent brats. The children who cared for their useless mother gallantly.They were made to work like a carriage horse immediately after they were born. Labor Standards Act, do your work.

The Earth Dragons in the bottom layer

Confine the Demon King at the risk of their lives. Man among men.

Hero (young)

The Hero who was in the battlefield somehow. Although the muffler that was worn around the neck was made from spider's thread, the person in question doesn't notice it.

Earth Dragon Trio

The trio of Kaguna, Geere, and Fuito. As a result of raising the level and having come again, they were beaten up. Pitiful.

【Demon King Army】

Demon KingAriel

The oldest Divine Beast. Kumo's ancestor who's the Origin Taratect. She lives before the system construction. She feels the world crisis, and bestirs herself. Immediately after that, Kumo who should be her kin rebelled, and after many twists and turns, she class change into a pitiful Demon King.

Balto

The person in charge of practical business who moves the Demons substantially. The worldly-wise man who's swung around by the Demon King.

Agna

The First Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. A Demon veteran who can be said that it's not strange even if he becomes the Demon King. It's said that he was connected to the Elves.

Sanatoria

The Second Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. The Succubus of Balto's childhood friend. She tries to have a connection with the Elves secretly.

Kogou

The Third Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. A Demon of Giant. The moderate opposition to the war

Merazofis

The Fourth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. A man with pale face. Calls Sophia as Ojou-sama.

Darado

The Fifth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. The General who's serious and obstinate. Pledged absolute allegiance to the Demon King.

Hyuui

The Sixth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. Child-faced magician. Because he's a Demon that have a long life, he's older than his appearance.

Blow

The Seventh Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. Balto's younger brother. He has a rude personality unlike his older brother. He doesn't like the Demon King.

Wrath

The Eighth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. It seems that there are various problems.

Kuro

The Ninth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. A man of jet-black appearance. The identity is Administrator Gyuriedistodiez.

Shiro

The Tenth Army Commander during the Human-Demon war. A girl of pure white appearance.

【S series】

Sue

The half younger sister of Shun. A genius who's equal to Shun who's a reincarnated person. A Brocon of a little Yandere.

Anna.

Shun and Sue's exclusive maid. Half Elf magician.

Clevea.

Shun and Sue's exclusive maid. Act as a knight unlike a woman.

King

Shun and Sue's biological father. Although he's a good person who's thick in emotion, he's ordinary as a politician.

Palton

Son of the knight. He becomes the same group as Shun in the academy's extracurricular activity. Pledged allegiance to Shun who's the prince.

Oriza-sensei

A magic-type teacher who don't have much motivation. Led Shun and the others in the extracurricular activity.

Leston

The half older brother of Shun. The third prince. He cooperated with the Elves secretly.

Cyris

The half older brother of Shun. The first prince. A man who has high pride. He's obsessed to become the king.

Goief

A veteran labyrinth guide. Basgas's son.

Basgas

The labyrinth guide who retired. He returned active to guide Shun and the others. A considerably strong man among the Humans.

Earth Dragon Ekisa

The Earth Dragon that had just finished evolving. Because it had just finished evolving, it was in the upper layer.

Remnants of the Nightmare

The monsters that have the appearance of the white spider. Issue words by Telepathy. They have a strange behavior that if here doesn't make a move on them, they won't attack. Very powerful monsters.

【Previous Hero party】

Julius

Shun's older brother born of the same mother. Hero. Although he has average strength as the Hero, he's kind and had high will.

Hyrinth

Julius's childhood friend. The Hero party's shield and vice-leader.

Yana

The Saint who has been dispatched to follow the Hero by the church.

Jiskan.

A former adventurer. He's the oldest in the Hero party, and contributes to the party by making use of the experience as a former adventurer.

Hawkin

A former thief. He reformed himself, and joined the Hero party. He's well-informed about the back circumstances.

【Reincarnated People】

Yamada ShunsukeShun

Real name, Shurein Zagan Anareich. The fourth prince. Born as a royalty, and brought up in a blessed environment without inconvenience. But, he inherit the Hero title with his brother, Julius's death as a start, he's despised by Yuugo's scheme.

Ooshima KanataKatia

Real name, Carnatia Seri Anabald. The transsexual reincarnated person who was born as the eldest daughter of the Duke house. Is Shun's friend from the previous life, and a relation like childhood friend.

Okazaki KanamiFirimes

The former teacher who reincarnated into an Elf. Alias Oka-chan. After reincarnating, she makes efforts for the students.

Hasebe YuikaYuri

Although she was an orphan, the rare talent was expected by the church and was protected as the Saint candidate.

Natsume KengoYuugo

Born as the prince of the empire. Has the cheat ability as a reincarnated person, and hence he becomes arrogant. Rampages to the end.

Hayashi Kouta

Dead (?)

Kogure Naofumi.

Dead (?)

Sakurasaki Issei

Dead (?)

Wakaba Hiiro

Dead (?). A person like her appears before Shun in the fight of Elf Village.

Kudo Sachi.

Chairperson. Protected in the Elf Village. Has dissatisfaction towards it.

Ogiwara Kenichi

The person in charge of cooking protected in the Elf Village. He's actually a spy who infiltrated.

Tagawa KunihikoKunihiko

A former adventurer, and was protected in the Elf Village just recently. He and Asaka are childhood friends and they are dating in both the previous life and this world.

Kushitani AsakaAsaka

A former adventurer, and was protected in the Elf Village just recently. She and Kunihiko are childhood friends and they are dating in both the previous life and this world.

Sasajima Kyouya

The previous life friend of Shun and Katia. Born as a Goblin. He appears before Shun in the fight of the Elf Village suddenly.

Negishi AkikoSophia

The gloomy girl who was backbite in the previous life as Rihoko. Born as a Vampire in this world. She appears before Shun in the fight of the Elf Village together with Kyouya.

【Other Key Figures】

Gyuriedistodiez

One of the Administrators in the world. Dragon. Worldly-wise man.

Sariel

One of the Administrators in the world. Goddess.

D

Self-proclaimed, the worst Evil God. It seemed that she was in the same classroom as the reincarnated people. She's the ringleader who cause the reincarnated people to die, and she reincarnated them feeling the responsibility. However, she has the malice worthy of the Evil God.

Potimas

The Patriarch of the Elves. Various dark stories don't stop.

Pope

The person who settles the church. Hostile to Potimas. Taboo has reached max level.

The previous Hero and Demon King

Both are Dimension Magic users. They modified the Dimension Magic, and set an attack towards D. The aftermath of the attack explodes in the reincarnated people's classroom, and the story begins to move.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 205.2: Oni 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 1 Sasajima Kyouya

I had the inflexible personality than other people from the old days.

I carry out the things that I thought that it's right.

Although I have been said that I have pride or I have resolution in a good meaning, I think that I'm irritating when seeing from most people.

At the kindergarten, when the older children were trying to occupy the playground equipment, I fought alone and was trying to protect it.

It's because they come later and tried to drive us away even though we were playing first.

I resisted desperately, and made an older boy cry.

After all, the fight was settled when the Onee-san who's the nursery teacher entered to stop us.

Naturally, I was scolded.

Why I who did a right thing got scolded?

I at that time was not able to understand that.

Although I understand it now, the children who played together with me got involved and were hurt because I fought.

There was the child who had cried.

The bad one comes later, and it's the older children who were going to seize the playground equipment by force.

That's not wrong.

But, was it right that I fought with the children?

I still don't have the answer.

However, I think that I understood that the right thing doesn't necessarily become absolute rightness vaguely at this time.

I at that time only understood it vaguely.

After that, I brandished my rightness wherever possible.

Literally, brandish a fist.

I stopped bullying in the elementary school.

I turned the tables on the extortion in the junior high school.

It's endless when I give a small example.

I didn't particularly learn any kind of martial arts.

But, I was invincible and undefeated even though it can't be imagine from my appearance of a low height.

I was good at moving the body as I imaged it whether I had that kind of talent or not.

Still, I might not be able to defeat an opponent who really learned martial art, I was not defeated by an amateur opponent.

That was not good.

When I graduated from the junior high school, I was isolated from all around.

I even got an unfavorable nickname, 「Imp」

I didn't intend to do a wrong thing.

But, I think that it was not right consequentially.

Well, it might be unrelated to the rightness when I depended on the fist as the solution in the constitutional state, Japan.

At that very moment, I'm at the puberty climax.

I had a melancholia that what is rightness.

Because I was already isolated in my hometown, I take the test of the high school in a little far place.

Then, I spent my time to not stand out as much as possible.

Fortunately, the Heishin High School where I would go to has a calm school tradition, and there was no excessive thing like bullying, etc.

Although there were people who spoke ill of Negishi-san behind her back like Real Horror Child, the person herself was not harmful directly.

Rather, it might be a problem that some girls cursed Wakaba-san in an ostentatious way.

However, because Wakaba-san herself doesn't seem to mind it, I was able to endure it.

The people who can be called a friend were made, and I was invited to the thing called online game by the two people.

Although I didn't know much about the thing called game until then, it was fun to play with friends and I was completely absorbed in it immediately.

The things that I did in the game are the vanguard attack and blacksmith.

I make our weapons with blacksmith, and fight with the weapons that I made.

I made various kinds of weapons and changed the equipment frequently.

Although I was told to unify the weapons by Shun and Kanata who I played together, there was a new discovery to use various weapons, and it was fun.

But, there's also unforgivable thing on the back of the fun thing after all.

Ill-mannered players.

The bulletin board that my feeling worsens when I see it.

Such evil existed.

It was not possible to be settled with a fist like in the junior high school.

I understand it.

When I become a high school student, I at least know that there's not only right things in the world.

But still, anger boils.

I vent my anger in the game.

I persuade myself in that way.

Still, something like an unpleasant feeling remains in the depth of my heart.

I'm really inflexible.

Like that, the high school life that I spent without brandishing a fist.

If I knew that it will end quickly, would anything change?

I don't know.

Either way, I died.

Although I don't know the cause of my death, I can understand that I died.

Because I'm reborn.

To be honest, I was not able to accept it first.

I knew the reincarnation in the light novel that borrowed from Kanata.

When what I experienced would be the reincarnation in the corner of my head, I understood it while it's unrealistic.

But, understanding it and consenting it are different.

Moreover, if it's a reincarnation in a different world where it's clearly not the Earth, it's all the more.

Apparently, the world where I was reborn is the so-called fantasy world.

It's the world where the Goblin appears.

Although I don't know about the civilization level, it's probably not so high, isn't it?

In addition, there seems to be magic.

I witnessed the moment using the magic, and I think that it's probably genuine magic if it's not a trick.

The several days of me who was born thought about such a thing vaguely, and spent it.

Speaking frankly, I can't live on if I didn't sort the situation like every other people.

In other words, escape from reality.

But, I must accept it soon.

Simple houses can be seen in the surroundings.

It's a small village, and the structure of the house is plain.

The villager who comes and goes there.

Well, not human though.

The body that's lower than human.

Green skin.

Pointed ears.

Sharp cuspid.

No matter how I look at it, it's the Goblin that appears in the game.

Here is the Goblin's village.

And, I who was born in the Goblin's village.

If I lower my eyes, green skin.

Ah, un.

I'm also a Goblin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 206
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I feel very tired today. Manage to translate 2 chapters only. Going to sleep after finish posting these two chapters. Don't worry, tomorrow will be 3 chapters as usual. I don't intend to take a whole day rest when it's so close to the raws.

206 Black and white

Author note: The Demon King's point of view

Seeing Gyurigyuri who understood my action while has a difficult face, I'm relieved.

As the persuasion of Gyurie was the first problem when I take action, it's a big progress to have succeeded in it like this.

It's big that Gyurie became my subordinate even though it's only the form from the flow of the talk.

With this, I can make Gyurie to work like a carriage horse under his agreement.

Although his mental state in the heart is probably complicated, he will cooperate reluctantly now that he understood the necessity.

It can be said that I succeeded in winning the most troublesome enemy over to my side in a certain meaning.

I was prepared that I might fight against Gyurie in the worst case.

In that case, my defeat is inevitable.

Still, there was the thought of "Oh, well", but if possible, I wanted to live and fulfill my responsibility.

I have only done passive action so far.

I let the Queen Taratects in every place to produce subordinates, and let them cull it suitably.

Otherwise, I placed a subordinate around the Elf Village and intimidated them to prevent them from having strange mind.

In fact, it ended uselessly.

I can't break through the barrier set at the Elf Village.

Potimas understood it, and didn't even put the teeth on me.

I fully realized it by this matter.

I was quiet for the excuse called to obey Sariel-sama's order so far while my former brethren made efforts for the world and died.

This power that I took a long time to accumulate it.

The time to pay the tab that I ran around so far without looking at the reality.

I thought that if I'm defeated by Gyurie, that can't be helped, and if this power returned to the world, that's alright.

I didn't think that the another worst enemy contributed to the evasion.

I look at the former worst enemy for an instant.

A white girl expressionless from beginning to end.

The beautiful features like it's artificial.

Because she close her eyes midway whether she doesn't like the creepy eyes, there's the atmosphere that it's more artificial.

Hmm.

Bishoujo.

In the subjectivity as my former Body-in-charge, I don't have the self-awareness that I was such a bishoujo, but now that I have become another person like this, she's a beautiful girl when I see her again.

Because there are some of my present features, she doesn't look exactly the same as the previous life, but still, an outstanding bishoujo.

Why was there no awareness in this?

It's mysterious even if I say so myself.

And so, even though I'm half of her existence originally, to be frank, I can't read what she's thinking.

Her expression doesn't change, and she doesn't speak at all.

What is she thinking? Or, She's not thinking anything?

I don't even know that.

When I thought that she's thinking about detailed things, she would be thinking nothing at all.

The wave is too intense, and the prediction is impossible.

Because she's faithful to desire basically, there's no problem if I tempt her with foods for a while.

Well, Because of this unpredictable condition works, Gyurie accompany me, so it turned out all right in the end, is it?

「Then, we will begin to act, but for the time being, we will return to the Demons territory」

「Ah, sorry, but I will leave for a little while」

「Hmm? Why?」

「I will check the star again to every corner whether there's a surviving facility like here or not」

「Ah」

Certainly, that should be done.

I also never thought that such a facility survived.

I thought that most of such place were smashed at the time when the system operates.

As expected, I don't think that there's another facility that survived similarly, but it's better to search for it.

「Then, I entrust that to Gyurie」

「Umu. When you leave here, you should destroy it completely」

「Yeah」

It may become troublesome if the Humans discovered it.

Was it good or bad that Kumo-chan discovered it?

Muu.

Maybe I should stop calling Kumo-chan by now.

After all, we're more or less comrades from now on.

「Then let's go. Wakaba-chan, or should I call you Hiiro-chan?」

「I hate both」

Hmm?

She spoke!?

Eh, oh, un?

Ah, no, of course she can speak.

It's not that she can't speak.

Un un.

But, why does she hate being called by her name?

She shouldn't have particularly any unpleasant memory about her real name though.

「Then, what should I call you?」

『How about Shiraori?』

D who remained silent till then breaks in.

『You're pretty much my kin candidate, so I named you the name as God, but how is it?』

After Kumo-chan thought for a while, she nodded slowly.

Although I don't know what she thinks about it in her heart because her expression doesn't change, it seems that she have consented by the name.

「Then, may I call you Shiro-chan?」

Assent.

When it's Shiraori-chan, it sounds awkward.

「Ah, then, Gyurie is Kuro-chan」

「Why it becomes like that?」

Gyurie answers what I said on a whim back as amazed.

「Tsk tsk tsk. Gyurie is pretty much the Dragon God that became the legend, right? Although your real name doesn't remain in the legend much, you don't know when you will be found out, so you should at least falsify your name」

I make up a plausible reason.

Gyurie thinks about it for a while, and nodded slowly.

「Well, if that's the case, I don't mind」

Ah, he only gave up because this already become troublesome.

Such part being weak in pressure is not good.

That's why, he always become only the disadvantageous role, and as a result, he only fails.

He does seem so though.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 207: Start
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

207 Start

「Then, I will destroy this facility. You don't mind taking separate action after that, right?」

「OK. But, how about the time when we meet again?」

「You're at the Demons territory, isn't it? Then, I will go there. I will leave the preparation for the acceptance to you」

「Aye. I prepare even only the appearance when Kuro-chan came」

The conversation of the Demon King and Kuro is completed.

Waiting the time for it, and a voice is emitted from the smartphone.

『Then, I will also leave. Because I still will watch you as a mere spectator after this, please do your best to amuse me, okay?』

She says so, and the smartphone disappears with a *poof*.

Although it's a scene that I saw several times, I'm dumbfounded again by the Transfer that breaks the common sense after becoming a God.

Even though she transfers one smartphone, what an advanced technique she used.

If I try to do the same thing, don't I need to be devoted to the magic construction for about 10 minutes?

But then, the analysis of the magic might take years.

When seeing from the present me, I don't know what is it because it's too advanced.

With that alone, I understand well how high D is as a high rank God.

I'm marked by a troublesome person.

Speaking honestly, I don't like it very much that this me have to be under the supervision of someone.

Because the Demon King is only the form, it's fine, but a complete hierarchical relationship is completed regarding D.

I hated it.

Although I hate it, when it's said whether I can evade it or not, I can't help saying that it's difficult.

The status of D as God is higher than me.

In addition, it's a wide margin.

Even if the present me fight seriously, there's no chance to win.

I recall the time when I met with the Earth Dragon Alaba for the first time.

I at that time was weak to the extent that it can't be compared with the present.

Let alone fighting against the Earth Dragon Alaba, it's impossible even to run away properly.

The present situation is similar to it.

If there's a difference, then it's Alaba completely ignored me, but D has locked on to me solidly.

I don't think that joy-type transcendence heinous Evil God will let go the prey that she marked once.

If that's the case, the route left for me to survive is nothing but to do as D says.

It's really unpleasant in the extreme.

But, if I compare life and pride, it's obvious that I will pick the life.

Well, I'm still a kin candidate now, so she will not interfere to that extent.

I will do as D says until I can't endure it by all means.

「Yosh. Then, Shiro-chan, let's go」

I nod to the Demon King's word, and leave the facility.

After we escape from the facility, an earth tremor occurs, and the hole connected to the facility that I opened was blocked.

It seemed that Kuro begin the destruction of the facility.

When I think back, I spent a considerable amount of time here.

Because I'm unconscious by the apotheosis, there's no such thing like an emotional attachment though.

Come to think of it, the Demon King did well to know that I'm here.

Did Kuro contacted her?

Oh, well.

She's not an enemy anymore, so there's no need to mind it.

「Do you want to walk and return leisurely? Or, do you want to return running in a hurry? It's possible to go sightseeing if it's leisurely. There's money. After all, it will take reasonable time for Kuro-chan to finish the world check」

Mumu?

That's an attractive suggestion.

It's not bad to travel while enjoying the local fine food in this world.

The advantage when returning in a hurry is I can indulged in every possible luxury by the Demon King's influence.

Although it's also hard to throw that away, the gourmet tour is good.

Even if I came out of the Elro Great Labyrinth with great efforts, I haven't entered a town where people lives in magnificently after all.

If it's the spider appearance, it's impossible to buy and eat immediately.

This world's food that I have eaten properly is only the offering.

Ah, come to think of it, what happened to the Vampire child in that town?

More than one month passed since the time when I checked her, right?

I'm interested in the outcome of the war too, so let's peek at it a little.

The Clairvoyance is, err, was it like this?

I open my eyes and adjust the view.

Now that the assistance of the system is lost, it's necessary to do what the skill has done by myself.

I try to zoom up the view while remembering the sense of the Thousand Miles Eye skill.

Oh, this is good.

I extend the view all the way as it is.

Although it doesn't reach the speed of light, the view flies far at a terrible speed.

Because it arrived at the target town's vicinity, I stop it once there.

Huh?

Isn't it burning?

I move the view slowly in the town.

The people who run about trying to escape.

The armed men who pursue them.

The soldiers who attacked back, and are repelled oppositely.

Ah, an invasion.

Oufu.

Although I don't know what kind of situation it is in detail, does this mean the war still continues?

The equipment of the invading one is good things that can't be compared with the bandits.

I mean, it's a united armor appearance to some extent.

Is it the soldiers of a country somewhere?

Ah, well, such thing doesn't matter.

Is the Vampire child alive?

That girl is that town's town chief's child, right?

Judging from the invader, I think that the defeat priority is considerably high.

I look for the Vampire child.

Ah, there she is.

She's still alive.

Hmm.

Although it's fine if she drop dead in somewhere I don't have concern with, if I let her die after witnessing her like this, as expected, the aftertaste is bad.

It can't be helped.

Let's save her.

「Eh? What?」

I grab the Demon King and transfer together.

Ah, Transfer is difficult.

Although I succeeded, this need practice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-2: Blood 2. Redo
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 2 Redo

I reincarnated.

I was reborn.

Although I was confused and didn't understand the fact at the beginning, I accepted the reality after a few days.

At the beginning, I thought that it was a dream.

I become sleepy immediately, and the consciousness is fluffy to consider it as the reality, so I can't calm down.

Therefore, I thought that this is the event in the dream that I was dozing off during while in class.

But, as expected, there's no way that a dream that continues for a few days.

The present me is a baby.

I sleep, wake up, and eat, and I release it, cry and sleep again.

Such a life.

I observed the surroundings at the interval, and tried to understand my present situation.

First of all, here is not Japan.

It's certain.

Moreover, it doesn't seem to be the Earth.

There's no black hair and eye in the surroundings, and there's no electrical appliance at all.

Although it's an atmosphere like Europe in the Middle Ages, the era like there are electrical appliances if it's not a remote place in Africa nowadays, and it's strange that there's no convenience of civilization even if it's the countryside of Europe.

Is this the one called different world reincarnation?

The dead person is reborn with the memory of the previous life in a different world.

Although I didn't think that such a thing happens to my body, it's no use even if I grieve that it happened as the reality now.

Rather than grieving the things that happened, it's more constructive to think about the future.

In addition, I welcomed the present situation.

After all, I was reborn.

My new life that was released from that previous appearance.

It starts.

I can't help but to be glad.

I encourage myself that my parents are beautiful.

As for my mother, it feels like has an Ojou-sama atmosphere.

As for my father, it's the atmosphere opposite with such mother, a competent man atmosphere.

Although both are unique, both are beautiful.

If I have such beautiful two people as parents, I must be beautiful.

And, apparently, my parents seem to be the people who have high status.

The room where I am is considerably wide.

If it's only the wideness, it's absolutely wider than the cheap apartment that I lived in the previous life.

And, there are some attendants.

It looks like it's not the king, but it seems to be certain that they are nobles.

God must have given a reward to me who had a hard time in the previous life.

A happy smile overflows naturally when I think about the life in the future.

Seeing that, maid and mother who take care of me are attracted and smiled.

I was happy.

The baby's sleeping time is long.

Although it's long, of course, there's the time when I wake up.

And, if it's the baby, I don't have anything to do.

Somehow, I'm a nocturnal person, and the time I woke up was more in the night.

As expected, I don't want to cry at night with the body that was a high school student in the previous life.

Although I can't help but to be obedient to physiological desire, I hesitated to wake up my family and the attendants only for the reason that I'm free.

I use such free time to practice magic.

There's magic in this world.

There's a man who could use the magic of the fire among the attendants, and I witnessed that the person set fire to the lamp.

The boys in the elementary school and the junior high school imitate the manga and at that time, I thought that these guys are idiots, but I think that I understand the feeling of the boys at that time a little.

If there's magic, I want to use it.

I began practicing magic in order to satisfy the desire.

Even if I say that, I don't know how to use magic.

I did various trial and error in the short time when I could stay awake while groaning.

As a result, I came to understand the thing called magical power somehow.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Magic Perception LV1』》

It was approximately simultaneous that I grasp the feeling of magical power and the voice was heard.

Although not much time has passed to called it as nostalgic, the Japanese that's heard for the first time in this world.

I look around restlessly, but there's no one.

Even though there's no one, I feel eerie to the mysterious voice that I heard, and I can't fall asleep easily on that day.

The identity of the voice seems to be the voice of God.

The thing called skill exists in this world, and voice of God seems to be audible when someone acquires it or the level rises.

As a result of connecting the conversation that I heard in fragments and inferred it, such an information was obtained.

But, there's a sense of incongruity that the voice of God is Japanese.

The conversation of this world that I heard is not Japanese.

It's not English too.

It might be this world's original language.

From the fact that it doesn't sounds like Japanese at all in fragments, when people other than me hear the voice of God, it should be the normal language here.

If that's the case, why only me who hear it in Japanese?

The one that be thought is the owner of this voice is the God that reincarnate me in this world.

Then, it's not strange even if Japanese is spoken.

I gave thanks to the voice of God that can be heard in my heart quietly.

Like that, I grew up slowly.

Because it's inconvenient that I can't move, I began practicing the crawling early.

Although I came to be able to do it comparatively immediately, because they will have doubts even if I began to move too early, I make sure that I don't move as much as possible in the presence of others.

I learned the language.

Although it's hard to say that I learned all, I can understand the contents of conversation to some extent.

I eavesdrop on the conversation, and understand this world little by little.

The religion called the Goddess Religion.

Culture and history.

The status of this family.

I learn them little by little.

Both the way of thinking and the common sense are different from Japan.

I compare it in myself somehow while feeling bewildered to the difference.

And, in the calm time, I enjoyed the life as a baby.

The incident happened in such a time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-3: Encounter with the spider
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 3 Encounter with the spider

It was the time when I gone out of the town for the first time.

I was protected carefully because I'm the eldest daughter of the town chief, and have not gone out of the town before.

It's decided to take me along under the pretext of showing me to the grandparents in the mother's home in the countryside.

The outside world for the first time in my life.

However, it's not so far to the target town.

One day of being jolted in the carriage.

I arrived at the town slightly smaller than the town where I was born and raised, and met my grandparents for the first time there.

They are young to be called as grandparents.

Well, mother is considerably young too, so the marriageable age might be early in this age.

My grandparents were the nobles who governed the town too.

Like that, we spent several days with my grandparents, and we got on our way back home.

On the way back, the incident happened.

We were attacked by the bandits.

The number of the other party is six people.

Because the number is little to attack the wife and the daughter of the feudal lord of the town, I can expect that it's an attack without plan.

It's a simplistic attack that they attacked us because the carriage that happened to pass looks good.

The problem is we can't deal with such a simplistic attack.

The number of guard here is four people whereas the number of the other party is six people.

Although I heard that such bandit activity is becoming active from the rumor, I didn't think that they will attack in the middle of such a highway.

I realized that here was the world with the common sense totally different from Japan with my body.

Even though the guards fight hard, they begin to be gradually overwhelmed by the difference in number.

And, one person was cut by the bandit.

「Merazofis!?」

Mother shouts instinctively in the carriage.

The cut guard is the butler who serve mother since childhood.

They seemed to be the relationship like the childhood friend, and his loyalty to mother is high.

Because mother is an natural airhead, she might not notice it, but Merazofis loves mother as the opposite sex.

The feeling is changed into loyalty and he served mother.

Such a loyal retainer was cut.

Blood spreads on the ground.

The man who moved until a short time ago falls down and stops moving.

The blood that began to flow looked like Merazofis's vitality.

*Gulp*

My throat sounds for some reason.

I think that it's probably the fear that death approaches closely.

If the guards are annihilated, next is us.

Because mother is still young, she might be kidnapped.

Because I'm a baby, I might be disposed quickly.

Although they might made use of me for the ransom, I think that it won't turn out good.

Even though my second life is starting from now on after being reincarnated specially, will I die in such a place?

No.

I'm scared.

I don't want to die.

I still want to live.

Someone, help!

Although it doesn't mean that it heard the shout of my heart, it appeared suddenly.

One of the bandits fell while dripping blood suddenly.

A pure white spider was there.

A spider that's about 1 meter that's unbelievably big in the Earth.

I heard it from the talk.

There's monster in this world.

I thought that it was not strange even if such a thing exist because there's magic.

But, the one that appeared in front gave me a realistic fear unlike the one that I heard.

Dumbfounded in the same way as me, the body of the bandits split in two beautifully with a swing of the spider's arm.

The entrails scatter, and a ghastly scene jumps into my eyes.

*Gulp*

My throat sounds again.

That should be the part that I feel nausea.

I retort myself.

While doing that, the spider monster defeats one bandit with some kind of magic, and the remaining two were taken care quickly.

I can expect that the Soil Magic was barely used.

Because something brown flew at high speed, and shot through the bandit's head.

But, I don't know the remaining two.

When they tried to run away, their movement stopped suddenly, and they fall down like that.

I don't even know what it did.

The spider turns here calmly.

Tension ran among us.

Next is our turn.

We who seemed to be defeated by the bandits.

And, the monster that annihilated the bandits in an instant.

There was no possibility to survive.

The guards point the swords to the spider.

Their bodies tremble with fear little by little.

They should also understand it that they can't win.

But still, they try to accomplish their duty as the guards until the end.

The spider doesn't come attacking at once, and seemed to see our state.

The cold red eyes look around the surroundings.

The eyes are fixed to Merazofis who fell down.

The spider that approaches Merazofis.

Immediately after having thought what it will do, the spider activates magic, and heals Merazofis's wound.

Treatment Magic.

「Don't tell me, Messenger-sama?」

Mother goes outside the carriage in a hurry.

Carrying me.

「Seras-sama! It's dangerous!」

Although the guard urges mother to return to the carriage, mother ignores him and approaches the spider.

The spider turns around.

I feel the illusion that all the eight eyes seemed to concentrate on me.

Chill runs through my whole body.

I'm scared.

What is this?

Is it fine for such a creature to exist?

The presence that seems to scatter fear just by being there.

Does such a monster come out frequently in this world?

If that's the case, I might have reincarnated into an outrageous world.

「Are you Messenger-sama?」

I remember the word in my memory to mother's words.

Messenger, if I'm not wrong, was it the existence that serve the Goddess as the attendant in the Goddess Religion that mother believed in?

The Goddess is accompanied by attendants of various races like the deep wise man or the green guardian remain in the myth with chuunibyou nicknames.

Among that, there's the spider that sewed the clothes of the Goddess.

Seeing from mother who believed in the Goddess Religion, does this spider that saved them looked like the Messenger?

I think that this ominous presence is the exact opposite with the sacred Goddess-sama no matter how I think.

Somehow, this spider seems to be settled as the Messenger in mother.

In addition, mother who give thanks and the scripture of prayer.

The spider pays attention to such mother.

「Appraisal?」

Mother reacts in surprise, and mutters so.

Is it the name of the skill?

It seems to be convenient, so can I learn it?

《Currently you have 75000 skill points.

The skill 『Appraisal』 can be acquired by spending 300 skill points.

Do you want to acquire it?》

The voice of God is heard suddenly.

While I lost consciousness for an instant there, the spider has vanished.

Although mother shouted 「Please wait!」 to the back of the spider that ran off at a terrible speed, as for me, I prefer it to go away as it is.

My body loses strength after becoming stiff by the fear.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Fear Resistance LV1』》

Like that, I was able to survive safely.

But later, because the spider settled down close to the town where I lived, a disturbance will happen again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-2: Goblin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 2 Goblin

Approximately one year passed since I was reborn into a Goblin.

One year in this world seems to be longer than the Earth, 400 days and a little more.

However, because there was no convenient thing like the calendar, I didn't know the date well in the Goblin's village.

The growth of the Goblin seemed to be fast, and I have grown up into a kindergartner saying it as human at around 1 year old.

However, that's only the appearance, and the inside is not according to it.

I still only understand the conversation of the Goblins in fragments, and I feel that the moving ability is weaker than the appearance.

But still, it's certain that the growth is more faster than human.

If it's a 1 year old human child, it's still a baby, but in my case, I can walk by myself.

I think that this is a big advantage.

The first thing that I did after becoming able to move is search whether there's a former human of the same circumstances as me or not.

I don't know what's the cause of my death.

How did I die? Why did I reincarnate?

Because I didn't know it, I thought that there might be a comrade of the similar circumstances.

But, it was a light expectation.

Although I tried to search for the Goblins that were born almost the same period as me in the Goblin's village haphazardly, what I understood from the result was there were no reincarnated people similar to me in this village.

Well, it's not completely a fool's errand.

Although I hardly talked with the child Goblins, there are various things that I understood by running around in the village.

I knew that one year is about 400 days from the adult Goblins' conversation.

First of all, the Goblin's growth is fast, but the intelligence develops slow to that extent.

Although the child Goblin that's about the same as me is a human kindergartner if it's only the size, there's no great difference in the inside with the baby.

There was no child Goblin who could talk.

Meanwhile, I who can speak even the baby talk seem to be thought to be a genius by the adult Goblins.

However, I'm not so happy.

Because the thing demanded in the Goblins is combat ability, and the head is not demanded so much.

Unexpectedly, the Goblin in this world seems to be a genuine combat species.

When it's my image, a Goblin was supposed to be weak, stupid, and dirty, but the Goblin here breaks such an image completely.

Weak.

This is not necessarily wrong.

Just the Goblins are weak and the life seems to also be short, and they seem to die immediately.

That's if it's an ordinary Goblin.

The concept of level seems to exist in this world.

In addition, there are skill and magic too.

Although it's totally like a game, it seems to be the common sense in this world.

And, the monster who reached a certain level can evolve.

The Goblins are not an exception too.

As far as I can see, there are the Hobgoblins of one size bigger than the Goblin in the village other than ordinary Goblins.

When one evolve into the Hobgoblin, the life span extends until then, and the strength rises too.

Both male and female of the ordinary Goblins raise level in order to evolve.

It seems that the method to raise the level is only to defeat other monsters.

That's why, naturally, the Goblins becomes a combat species.

This is because it can't live long with the short life span and the weakness if it doesn't evolve.

The next is the image of stupid.

This also is not necessarily wrong.

The Goblins are a combat species, and they are not interested in study so much.

I think that it's probably me who's the smartest in this village.

Rather than probably, it's certain.

However, it's not because it's simply stupid.

They fight using refined strategy regarding the combat, and they know the way of efficient hunting well.

However, it's only because there's no chance to learn, and their head itself is not so bad.

Rather, they who seemed to attain enlightenment like a certain training monk make me to feel the sacred air somehow when I see them. (TL note: Not sure about this reference)

The stupidity and the inviolable loftiness that I can't ridicule there.

Dirty has a double meaning.

The meaning called the body is purely dirty and mean.

The Goblins that I imaged were weak, and even though it's stupid, it's cunning.

But, the Goblins here are rather the opposite.

They were the soldiers who retained noble honor on their chest.

A day of the Goblin starts with a prayer.

Thank the world, thank the Goddess who protects the world, and thank for the daily bread.

After giving the prayer, they are assigned to each work.

The Goblins who haven't evolve polish themselves, and the evolved Hobgoblins engage in developing the junior's training.

And, the hunting group with the power that can go hunt leaves the village.

This village is in the steep mountain range, and it's a dangerous place with severe environment and a lot of strong monsters inhabit.

Among the Goblins of the hunting group, it's only half that managed to return.

But still, the reason why the Goblin's village can continue is that the Goblin's fertility is high.

Only this was according to my image.

The Goblins who returned are met, and hold a funeral for the victims.

And, they give prayer to the food that they brought back at the risk of their lives with thanks.

The Goblins proceed to the death in order to keep the village alive.

The Goblins left in the village hand the pressed flower to such Goblins.

As a substitute for amulet.

The thought of "please return safely" is put into there.

They depart for a life-threatening trip and return without forgetting the thought.

To live.

To keep it alive.

There were neither justice nor evil that I minded in the previous life.

But, there was something that transcended it.

I looked at the Goblins who left, and there was something filling my heart.

I shed tears without knowing it.

There was something at their back that made me do so.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-4: Countdown to despair
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 4 Countdown to despair

『Vampire』

I stiffen to the Appraisal result.

At that incident, I knew that I could acquire the thing called skill using the thing called skill points accidentally.

I acquired the Appraisal skill immediately, and tried it in various ways.

As a result, I understood that Appraisal couldn't be used.

Although I appraised the things that were within my visible range one after another, the words displayed were the words I knew if I saw them, like 『Bed』 『Wall』 『Desk』.

Moreover, I had a light headache by appraising once.

If I don't appraise continuously, it's a headache that won't cause any problem, but when I finished appraising most of the things in the room, I had a dull pain like having a high fever.

On top of it, there is almost no meaning to activate it. The penalty called headache occurs when activating it.

Although I think that it's because the skill level is 1, I don't think that I want to do my best to raise the level either.

It was a failure skill.

The result I got from appraising my hand was 「Vampire」 at the end while I sighed.

I feel like I took a very long time before I understood the meaning.

I think like it's some kind of mistake, so I appraise it many times again, but the result is the same.

Why?

Why is it?

Only those words race in my head round and round, and I can't think of the things further.

「This is bad! Ojou-sama!?」

I seemed to have a considerably bad complexion, and the maid who saw my state called the doctor immediately.

I appraised the maid in secret, and the result was 「Human」.

I also appraised Father and Mother, who rushed to hear my condition in a hurry. Both were 「Human」.

In other words, I'm not a Vampire because my parents are Vampires.

It is only that I have been born as a Vampire by mutation.

So, if I'm seen by the doctor, it may be found out that I'm a Vampire.

I feel that I grew more and more pale.

I don't know whether blood flows in a Vampire properly or not though.

「No, wait」

「Dear?」

「You noticed it too, right? This child probably activated Appraisal」

It was good to be dead tired oppositely.

If I was energetic in this, my body would react.

「Whether it's a coincidence or a prank of God, this child seems to have the Appraisal skill. This symptom is probably the appraisal drunk. Although this is only my prediction, this child may not be able to turn off the activation of the skill arbitrarily」

「If that's the case, isn't it dangerous!?」

「It's dangerous, but it's not a problem that a doctor can solve. We should have the doctor examine her just in case, but we have no choice but to pray for this child to control the activation of the skill by herself」

「No...」

I hear the conversation of Father and Mother and the attendants talking in whispers behind my back, and it seems that they misunderstand my symptom.

Because half is correct. It's not completely a mistake.

I mean, they understand that I used Appraisal, huh?

The failure degree rose again.

The doctor arrives and I receives an examination.

I can't resist.

I'm at the mercy of the doctor while I feel like fainting from the tension at any moment.

「As heard from the talk, it's the appraisal drunk. She seemed to do an impossible thing and her body became stiff. However, after seeing her, the activation of the skill seems to have stopped. Her condition will not grow worse any further」

The parents are relieved.

Still, I can't be relieved, and my body remained stiff.

「You should watch her without taking your eyes off for one day just to make sure. Please call me again if there's anything wrong」

「Doctor, thank you」

The doctor leaves the room without saying anything particularly further.

I can't be careless.

It's possible that the doctor will talk to my parents secretly after this.

But, apart from the strained tension, my consciousness felt like a haze covered it.

It seemed that the body of a baby can't endure the prolonged tension.

While resisting the drowsiness that was hard to fight against, I wanted to know the result of whether the doctor returned without noticing it or not.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Sleep Resistance LV1』》

There was the power of that skill too, so I was able to stay up slightly.

But, after all, I fell asleep before I knew it, without being able to endure it until my parents return.

When I woke up, my parents were not by my side.

I thought that because it's that anxious Mother, she would stay by my side all the time, but she was not there.

I understood the reason from the conversation of the attendants immediately.

Apparently, the spider monster back there seemed to have spread its nest close to the town.

Because of that, the people in the town are confused, and both Father and Mother seem to be pressed correspondingly.

I feel relieved.

For the time being, being alive didn't become the worst end.

Although the problem is only delayed, I think that me being a Vampire might not be noticed.

Legally speaking, it's troublesome, but only this time, I thank the spider that clouded the problem.

As for thinking, why was I born as a Vampire?

I believe that I have reincarnated, but I don't understand why.

Don't tell me that the cause is because I was called Vampire as a nickname in my previous life?

If my precious second life is out of order by such a stupid thing, I can't live on.

But, the fact that I'm a Vampire can't be changed.

If someone appraises me, it's the end by one attempt.

Although I don't know how Vampires are treated in this world, I think that they don't get treated well.

I must absolutely make sure that I won't be found out.

But, being found out is only a matter of time.

There's an event of the high society debut called the appraisal ceremony for the nobles' children.

The child is appraised grandly in the public, and it's an event to show each other how great their child is.

It's like advertising that I'm a Vampire if such a thing is done.

I must evade it by any means.

But, how can I evade it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-5: Survival strategy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 5 Survival strategy

My actions after I knew that I'm a Vampire was fast.

I'm a noble, my appearance will probably become beautiful, and what I thought to be life winners have turned into the critical point suddenly.

I must conceal the fact that I'm a Vampire by any means.

For that reason, I must rethink about the thing called skill that I don't mind it so much up until now.

Because I have a few yearnings in magic, I practiced a little, but I was not interested in the other skills so much.

At the degree that if there's something that seems convenient, it's very good.

I was born as a noble, so even if I don't have the skills, it seemed that I can live on.

But, such a thing can't be said anymore.

I must acquire a skill that can falsify that I'm a Vampire by any means.

Because there's the Appraisal skill, there should be a skill that obstructs the Appraisal.

The problem is how to acquire that skill.

Although I tried whether I can acquire it by consuming the skill points or not like acquiring the Appraisal, it was impossible to do it.

Somehow, in case of this method, God doesn't seem to react if the exact name of the skill is not guessed right.

But, I don't know the name of the skill.

Although I tried appraisal obstruction, obstruction, etc, there was no hit.

I have to examine the name of the skill.

Anyway, I want information.

For that reason, I need books.

Even if I eavesdrop on the attendants' conversation, I won't obtained a significant information.

Only the spider's topic.

Although I'm bothered by it when it's said whether I'm bothered by it or not, now is not the time for it.

Although it's fine to eavesdrop on the conversation to gather the current affairs, it's better to rely on books to acquire knowledge.

I firmly establish the policy, and decided to act in midnight when everyone are sleeping.

I can't take a strange action in daytime because the attendants are constantly attending me.

But, if it's the originally nocturnal me, doing something sneakily in the night is my forte.

The Sleep Resistance skill is plainly effective too.

When I think, the reason why I was nocturnal is because I'm a Vampire.

When I think back so, my consciousness was fluffy and I was sluggish in daytime, and my throat sounds when the bandit's corpse is seen, so there's a considerable occasion that comes to mind.

However, I have not drunk blood since I was born, and even if I bask in the sun, I don't become ash.

I wonder if the Vampire in this world and the Vampire in the Earth have a different ecology?

If there's a book about Vampire, I must read it.

I sneak away from the room stealthily.

Although I have not show it before in the presence of others, I can stand and walk already.

It's easy to open a door that's not locked.

Because it's a large mansion, I don't know where's the study room.

In addition, not everyone is sleeping for the guard at night.

I move stealthily so that I won't be found.

I check each room carefully to search for the target study room.

I retrace my steps when I become tired, and I return to the room and sleep with an innocent look.

I repeated it for several days.

Because I continued such a thing for several days, I acquired the skill called 「Stealth」.

I wonder if it's a kind of skill that makes the presence thinner?

It's very welcome for the present situation.

Besides that, the 「Night Vision」 rose up to level 3.

Is it inborn? Or, I just didn't notice it? Although I don't know which is it, it seemed that I have the Night Vision from the start.

And, at last, I found the study room.

From there, I keep going to the study room every day, and read widely.

Although I had a hard time being not able to read the character at first, I became motivated when I think that my life depends on it.

If I decipher the law of the character that looks like a code from the start, it would take a lot of time, but fortunately, there are books oriented towards children put in the study room, and the character of this world was learned comparatively easy.

Because it's a considerably old picture book, it might be the book that father read in childhood.

There were a lot of books that are oriented towards boys.

Like that, the Night Vision became level 6 and the Sleep Resistance became level 2 while I'm learning the character.

The Stealth becomes level 3, and the Silent and Presence Perception skills are newly acquired.

I'm gathering the assassin-like skills steadily.

I decided to read the books one after another from there.

The title is not written on the book in this world.

Because of that, I don't know what kind of book is it at a glance.

I have no choice but to continue reading until I found the target book.

Thanks to that, the skills called Concentration, Memory, Calculation Processing and Parallel Thought were acquired.

No matter how I think, it's strange that a baby has this much skills, right?

I have the feeling that I have done it.

But, it can't be helped because it's to survive.

If I can conceal the fact that I'm a Vampire at the appraisal ceremony to the end, I must at least endure to be conspicuous in a bad way to some extent.

Like that, I continued the life of spending my daily daytime suitably and shut myself up in the study room.

Because of the spider's riot and there's a lot of big shots of somewhere who came to stay in my house recently, it becomes difficult to reach the study room.

If the population increases, the danger of being found increases to that extent.

Occasionally, I have to give up to reach the study room, and retrace my steps.

What a spider that's a nuisance to other people.

But, that spider weighs on my mind recently.

Its actions are very human.

Even though it annihilated the bandits mercilessly, it gives treatment to the residents in the town.

Although mother says that it's the Sacred Beast, judging from me who saw the real thing, it feels like a wicked monster that has the human's will.

Don't tell me that it's the same reincarnated person as me?

That won't be.

No matter how I put it, that's leaping too much of the delusion.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Prediction LV1』》

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-6: Blood 6. Sudden change
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 6 Sudden change

When I became accustomed to a life that includes the existance of the spider, as usual in midnight, I stayed indoors in the study room and look through the books.

I predict the time when the sun begins to rise and sneak away from the study room quietly.

Because I continued living like this, my skills have rose altogether.

And because the level of Sleep Resistance rose, I can stay up all night long if I do my best.

Although it may not be good for my body growth, it's fine if I sleep the equal time during the day.

Although Mother and the attendants were worried that I kept on sleeping during the day at first, eventually, they assumed that because I'm a child, they left me like that.

There's a person who is caught in Presence Perception.

It's Merazofis.

Merazofis goes out to the garden while holding a fake sword.

After that incident, Merazofis trained like this almost every day early in the morning.

It's either because he's very frustrated that he was cut by the bandits without being able to do anything, or because he thinks he must become able to protect Mother properly next time.

It's the latter when I think about Merazofis's personality.

Mother is absolute to him.

He will do anything in order to protect Mother's happiness.

He's such a damn serious guy.

It doesn't mean that Merazofis is weak.

However, he's not strong either.

Judging from the people who are staying in my house recently, I think he neither passes nor fails as a human.

Although I think he's good enough as a butler, if the person himself doesn't agree, I can't say anything.

I return to my room while hearing the sound of practice-swinging.

Then, the incident happened.

On that day, I didn't go to the study room.

Although there was a disgusting middle-aged man who ogled at Mother for a long time, it's because that middle-aged man stayed up until midnight.

I wanted him to get out quickly because he's disgusting and annoying, and I get sick of it because a guy like him will stay long.

If he opens his mouth, he complains.

He troubles our attendants by saying half-truths things.

He even speaks complaints with such extreme pretexts that makes me want to say 「What!?」 instinctively among that.

He smoked a day before, and in the next day, when he said 「This room stinks of cigarette. It's not suitable! Drive out the fool who smokes in here from the mansion right now!」, I almost said "Then, go out" reflexively.

Even though the middle-aged man's attendant told him that he was the one who smoked indirectly, he got angry reversely saying "Like there's such thing".

The pitiful attendant didn't come the next day.

In fact, if I think of the thing after this, it might be better that the attendant left.

The middle-aged man died.

Easily.

Although I stayed up at that time, I didn't notice it at all.

There was no reaction in Presence Perception, and I only knew that the middle-aged man fell suddenly.

There was an uproar in the mansion even though it was late at night.

It was good that I didn't go to the study room.

If I went there, I would have be found.

The cause of the middle-aged man's death is unknown.

It's whispered that it's the Sacred Beast's infuriated divine punishment.

Apparently, the middle-aged man seemed to have meddled with that spider.

Father gathers the middle-aged man's attendants, and ask the circumstances.

Even though it seems like my five senses are excellent because I'm a Vampire, as expected, I can't hear the conversation in the office, where Father is, from my room.

Won't that spider use this as an opportunity to invade this town?

The noisy night passed as such anxiety rose.

Three days passed without that spider making any move, in contrast to my anxiety.

I don't know in detail how that middle-aged man's death will affect the diplomacy.

But, somehow, it seems like it has been expected that the middle-aged man would cause a problem in this country.

Although it's vague, from what I eavesdropped on the attendants' conversation, I concluded with such a guess.

If I predict further from there, I think that a war might happen before long.

Somehow, Father has the part that moves on the assumption of it.

He visits the people of the army often while being cautious of the spider's movement.

Although it's not decided that it will happen, it might happen.

While holding such vague anxiety, I dozed off because it's daytime.

Then, because of the explosion and the earth tremor that sounded suddenly, I woke up forcefully.

While I was panicking, wondering what happened, I was embraced by Mother.

On her side, Merazofis watches the surroundings with a serious look.

We prepare so that we can evacuate immediately.

But, the explosion and the earth tremor calmed down in the meanwhile, and silence returned.

The attendants begin to investigate the cause of the situation while being cautious.

Father gives instructions, and everyone acts quickly.

I see it while being embraced by Mother.

The cobweb was destroyed completely, and the report that the spider became missing was reported to the mansion immediately.

From there, the development was like surging waves.

The Divine Word Religion announced that they defeated the fake Divine Beast that look root in the Sariera country towards the whole world.

The Sariera country is this country where I was born.

The Divine Beast is probably that spider.

The Sariera country protests against this strictly.

In addition of using military force without permission in their country, they demanded a compensation since they harmed the Divine Beast which the country was protecting.

The reply was "because we subjugated the monster, hand over the reward". It was a too selfish complaint.

It's clear that the Divine Word Religion has picked a fight.

On the other hand, the Sariera country was fully motivated for it.

Although I want them to stop it personally, there's nothing that I, who's a baby, can do.

I pray that we will win at least, and the army, led by father and dispatched from the town, was seen off.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-7: War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 7 War

The war was unsettled.

Father's army who returned is worn-out.

When I see the appearance, it's like they returned because they lost, but they turned back because it's not the time for a war.

The cause is that spider monster.

It seems that it didn't died in the recent riot, and it appeared suddenly in the battlefield.

And, it massacres without the distinction of the enemies and allies, and at the end, they succeeded in exterminating it by shooting a great magic to the place where Hero-sama stopped it.

But, it seems that both armies have a considerably severe damage, and the continuation of the war is impossible.

I hear that both armies cease-fire once and withdrew.

Although I feel relieved because father returned safely, the anxiety to the present condition that's only postponing the problem at the same time.

It seems that Hero-sama who was thought to be hit together with the spider was protected in secret by the empire's great magician.

I hear that he can use the Transfer magic, and he rescued Hero-sama barely just before the great magic hitting directly.

Leaving that aside, the country is confused.

Because the army was destroyed partially by the other party who was worshiped as the Divine Beast.

Originally, this war is the revenge of the Divine Beast on paper.

Actually, there's probably the friction with the Divine Word Religion over many years.

But, in this matter, the spider worshiped as the Divine Beast is just as the Divine Word Religion said, and it has been proven that it's a dangerous monster.

A just cause was lost here.

Then, the Divine Word Religion is more reasonable.

That's very bad.

It means that the chance to take advantage of the Sariera country is given to the Divine Word Religion.

Thanks to that, father moves around hurriedly after returning.

The war didn't end with this.

Rather, I think that the future is the real thing.

The Divine Word Religion considers the Goddess Religion as an enemy, so I don't think that they will miss this chance.

As expected, it will take quite some time to reorganize the army that has been destroyed partially, but the opponent is a large organization that has great influence in the Humans society.

It can be think that they will prepare the army besides the army that participated this time.

In contrast with that, the Sariera country only has the national power higher than the country around there.

But, the state of being isolated and helpless, and the army is in the state of partial destruction.

If I were to say whether there's a winning chance or not in that state, I who's an amateur can also answer "no".

This war was a losing battle from the beginning.

Although if it's only the Outsu country that takes the lead, the Sariera country is absolutely more advantageous, at the point in time when the Divine Word Religion is on their side, the wining chance becomes thinner.

In addition, if the even the empire supports the Outsu country, it was too strong as a push.

But still, not withdrawing is the scary point of the religious war.

Although it's impossible to understand for me, there was no choice of not fighting for the Sariera country.

This was is the one to decided the victory or defeat with the fight of army vs. army.

And, the Sariera country surrenders without producing any damage to the commoners.

Although the army is wasted, I think that there was an ulterior motive called it will end by compensating for a loose condition by surrendering in the state with reserve strength and national power.

But, it has collapsed by the intruder who appeared in the battlefield.

Both armies damage is enormous.

And, the conclusion is vague.

The war will continue.

That's also a bad condition for the Sariera country.

From here on, it won't become a clean war that decides the victory or defeat in the battle.

(TL note: Heavy Object?)

It will become a battle of the marsh.

That would cause damage to the town.

And, the first one to be targeted is this town.

It's close to the border with the Outsu country, and it's the place where the spider monster in question spread its roots.

Father tried to advance the residents' evacuation from early.

But, the time and the condition were bad.

First of all, the problem of time.

It was a problem that it has just entered the harvest season.

The territories that centered on the town where I live owned the vast fields that's also the farming ground.

The harvested crops reach the town from the highway that extends around the town leads to each farm village.

Furthermore, it's transported from the town to the whole nation of the Sariera country.

The harvest can't be abandoned for the Sariera country.

Therefore, the evacuation of the people assigned to the work can't be done.

Although the transporters were able to evacuate at the transported destination, the people engaged in other works were in the situation that evacuation can't be done even if they want to evacuate.

And, the another one, the condition was bad.

The Sariera country's government decided that this town will be made as a sacrifice.

In short, they decided to let the enemy to attack this town in this war, and surrender it.

This war can't end unhurt.

Then, the intention of the country that said to make the wound as slight as possible.

Along with it, the evacuation of the crops and goods as much as possible, the evacuation of only excellent personnel, and the evacuation of the other commoners was not accepted.

In other words, they were presented as slaves to the opponent.

And, father who governs the town and his family.

Father was making great effort to somehow let mother and me escape.

But, that didn't come true.

Although my grandparents tried to make preparations in secret somehow, that also seemed to have been crushed by our own country.

Perhaps, the dealing between our own country and the enemy has already been established.

If it's not so, the movement is too limited.

The time overlaps with the harvest season, and anyhow, it's too unlucky.

Because the separation of farmers and soldiers was firmly made in this country, there was no big serious wound in the harvest, but nevertheless, I can't help but to say it's unlucky.

If the enemy forecasts all these and moved, it can be said that it's the Sariera country's complete defeat.

The approaching enemy army was seen as death.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-8: Decision
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 8 Decision

「Dear」

「Sorry. It's my lack of ability」

「No. You made efforts for us 」

Mother embraces father gently to support father who hangs his head.

「Sophia, I wanted to be on your side until you at least become an adult. Please forgive this worthless father」

Father holds me up in his arms gently.

This might be the first time as far as I can remember to be held by father.

But, father's love has been transmitted properly.

I receive a kiss from mother while being held by mother.

Speaking honestly, the thing called parent and child love was thin.

Because I have the memory of the previous life, the feeling of true parent and child was thin in me no matter what.

That's why, there was guilty somewhere in my feelings when they pour love to me like this.

But, when thinking that this is the end, I regretted it oppositely.

I should have fawn on them more.

I still haven't return anything to them as their child.

Because I have the memory of the previous life, I think that I took a fairly cold attitude.

If I fawn on them much more, the contact of these people with their child might be more assertive.

Then, we might have become true parents and child.

But, that's already too late.

「Merazofis, Noiria. I entrust the future to you」

「Yes」

「Yes」

Merazofis and Noiria straighten up to father's voice.

Both of them changed their clothes to the clothes that man and woman wear in the town generally from the usual attendant appearance.

Taking advantage of the confusion that the enemy invaded, both of them act as a married couple in order to let me escape.

If it's as a ordinary baby of the town, I might be able to escape.

It was the last resort that the cornered father gave.

Besides that, there's no one who remains in the mansion.

Everyone are mixed with the crops transporters, and they are made to evacuate from the town.

But, there's a severe watch on mother and me by all means.

In order to escape, we have no choice but to take advantage of the confusion.

And, leaving aside that I'm a baby, there was no chance to escape for mother who had many exposure and her face is known.

It's a matter of luck whether I can escape or not.

And, my father and mother won't survive.

It was the final farewell.

The people who remain in the mansion now are many aged attendants who were resolved to follow such father and mother.

The young attendants were driven away by father forcibly to a distant place.

And, both Merazofis and Noiria said to remain here until the end.

That's why, it can be said that the important task of letting me escape was entrusted to them.

I think that father knew that Merazofis adores mother.

On top of knowing it, I think that he trusted him.

Merazofis understood it, and served father on top of that.

Because I have not experienced love, I don't understand both father and Merazofis's feelings well.

However, there was a certain mutual trust.

「I will definitely protect Ojou-sama」

「Ah. I leave it to you」

Mother who embraces me and Noiria while shedding tears.

Father who hand over me to Merazofis gently.

That hand trembled faintly.

And, I bid farewell to my parents.

The farewell that we can never meet again.

When we go out from the back door of the mansion stealthily, the flames had already reached the vicinity of the town's entrance at that time.

We slip into the wave of the escaping people successfully.

We follow the people's flow like that, and head to the outside of the town.

But, the soldiers of the enemy country had already taken a stance at the gate that continues to the town's outside.

「We will escape」

Merazofis pulls Noiria's hand, break the people's flow forcibly, and rushes into the back alley.

Then, my Presence Perception worked.

「Wait」

「I will have you to wait」

The shadow that appears at the back alley before we know.

The inner part of the alley, and the side of the alley.

Four people block us in each of it.

Should I consider this that we were marked at the moment we gone out of the mansion?

It was a desperate situation.

But, somehow, the state is strange.

「Who are you!?」

「There's no obligation to answer. The protection of the baby」

「The target is the baby! Defend her to the last!」

The men in the side and the inner part of the alley run simultaneously towards here.

Although I don't know the circumstances, the four people in the side and the four people in the inner part are from different organizations?

It might still be possible to escape by taking advantage of this confusion.

Such light expectation falls apart because Noiria cut the approaching man from the inner part of the alley.

「Noiria!?」

「Hand over the baby!」

The point of sword that approaches Merazofis is stopped by the man on the opposite side.

At the same time, Merazofis's body is pulled.

Merazofis uses the power and rams the man oppositely.

He tries to run through the back alley with the power.

But, that body fall down on the alley.

He make sure that I'm not crushed even though he fell.

An anguish expression is on the face of Merazofis who fell sideways.

When I try to look at him, a dagger was pierced deeply on his back.

The combat of the mysterious men continues in the alley.

Noiria lies down at their feet.

Overflowing blood and vacant eyes. It was realistically seen that she had already died.

At this rate, Merazofis won't survive either.

I pull out the dagger pierced on his back desperately with my young hands.

The fresh blood that begins to overflow.

At this rate, he will die.

If Merazofis dies, next is my turn.

The way to reverse from here.

There's only one possibility.

But, if I do it, my life as a human ends.

In addition, I don't even know whether it will succeed or not.

I don't know whether something can be done in this place or not even if it succeeds.

I look at Merazofis who seems to die at any time.

I see the grand feelings like cursing his powerlessness in his eyes.

「Ojou-sama, I am sorry」

The voice that gets hoarse.

I made a decision.

I stabbed my fangs to the fallen man's nape.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-3: Weapon creation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 3 Weapon creation

I became two years old.

To be an adult and accepted to be able to go out to hunt is from four years old.

The human will be surprised if the adulthood is at four years old, but it was enough when thinking about the speed of the Goblin's growth.

Rather, when seeing from the Goblin who has the life span of ten years, it might be slow oppositely.

The Goblin's life span is ten years in this world.

When I convert it to the Earth's years, it's about 11 years.

Even if it can live long, it's about 13 years.

That's the grace period given to the Goblins.

They must evolve before their life span comes to an end.

In order for the Goblins to evolve, they must raise the level to 10.

Moreover, it doesn't mean that they will evolve into the Hobgoblins because of that.

When the Goblins become level 10, it's possible to evolve into any of the three kinds of Goblin Fighter, Goblin Ranger and Goblin Shaman.

It becomes the choice of which to evolve.

But, it seems that the further evolution is fixed by the status at that time.

Strong in close combat, the most basic and faithful, Fighter.

The quickness is high, dexterous fingers and assistance oriented, Ranger.

Strong magic-type and can handle magic, Shaman.

The most popular one is the Fighter.

Rather than saying the Shaman is unpopular, the number is little because there's a lot of Goblins who don't have the aptitude.

And, the Ranger is unpopular.

It can't endure the hunting, and it's said that the Goblin's further evolution is the one that takes part in the domestic affair of the village in the future.

Actually, I don't think that the Ranger is inferior to the Fighter and Ranger.

However, I think that it's unpopular because it's for expert by all means when compared with the other two easy-to-understand kinds.

Through the further evolution of these three kinds of evolution, raise to level 10 again, and finally, it's possible to evolve into the Hobgoblin.

If it evolves into the Hobgoblin, there's no need to worry about the life span anymore.

I hear that it can live roughly the same length as the human.

But then, the Hobgoblin who dies before reaching the life span in this severe environment is quite a lot.

Even if it evolves, it doesn't mean that the fight called living ended there.

There's a lot of Goblins of the same age as me.

Even though they are children, there's no time to let them to play, and when they become able to work to some extent, they will help their family.

In my case, it was field work.

Even in this village in the mountain range where the sunlight is weak, there are plants that grow up more or less.

They raise the vegetables with strong vitality.

This was severe for a child's body because it's a considerable heavy labor.

First of all, the soil must be managed so that it doesn't freeze.

Because the soil freezes at once if it's neglected, it's necessary to warm it regularly.

The fire is applied to the exclusive farming tool, and plow the soil little by little while making sure that the root of the crops is not damaged.

It needs power, and it also needs the nerve to do delicate work.

And, there are the works of harvest, sowing seeds, normal plowing, etc.

Because the grown crops are a species of monster, when the harvest time is mistaken, we might be eaten oppositely, so it's necessary to check it carefully.

It was quite a heavy labor.

Thanks to that, my physical strength rose, and I acquired some skills.

Such a field work marks the end easily on a certain day.

The start is when the meat captured by hunting went up to the dining table.

It was the time when I wished that I want a knife in my mind to cut the too hard meat.

A flash burst in the narrow house, and at the next moment, a knife was gripped in my hand.

Although it was something more shabby than the one I imagined, it was certainly a knife.

Dad took up the knife from the hand of the dumbfounded me.

And, he went out of the house.

Dad who returned after a while brought the village elder along.

The village elder as its name is the one who lives the longest in the village.

It was one of the very few Goblins who had reached the age that was able to be called aged.

And, that elder handed something over to me.

It's an appraisal stone.

The magic tool that the skill called Appraisal dwells in it that's the only one in the village.

If someone use the appraisal stone, it's said that the person can understand his own skills.

I confirmed my status with the appraisal stone as told to me.

『Goblin LV1 Name Razraz

Status

ＨＰ：６９／６９（Green）

ＭＰ：４／３５（Blue）

ＳＰ：６６／６６（Yellow）

：５１／６６（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：６８

Average Defensive Ability：６６

Average Magic Ability：３３

Average Resistance Ability：３１

Average Speed Ability：６５

Skill

「Magic Perception LV2」 「Magic Manipulation LV1」 「SP Recovery Speed LV3」 「SP Consumption Down LV6」 「Concentration LV3」 「Prayer LV8」 「Blunt Resistance LV2」 「Wind Resistance LV1」 「Ice Resistance LV6」 「Enhanced Vision LV7」 「Enhanced Hearing LV6」 「Enhanced Smell LV4」 「Enhanced Taste LV2」 「Enhanced Touch LV3」 「Life LV9」 「Magic Amount LV4」 「Agility LV7」 「Endurance LV7」 「Powerful LV9」 「Sturdy LV8」 「Magician LV3」 「Protection LV2」 「Dash LV7」 「Weapon Creation LV1」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」』

The one that strikes on is the Weapon Creation skill.

When I report it to the elder, I was told to examine the skill with Appraisal.

『Weapon Creation(武器錬成)：Create weapon by consuming MP. The quality of the created weapon depends on the skill level and the consumption of MP』

It's this skill without a doubt.

The knife just now was created by this skill's ability.

After that, I became in charge of making weapons by making full use of this skill.

Only simple weapons and armors can be made in the Goblin's village.

It's because there were neither proper equipment nor materials.

At first, I can only make useless ones.

This is because my MP is low, and the skill level is also low.

But, the skill level rises gradually while using it continuously, the amount of my MP also increases, and the MP Recovery Speed was acquired.

There was a limit on the weapons that can be created by the Weapon Creation skill.

First of all, I can't create it if I can't recognized the thing as a weapon.

Although I can almost create edged tools, when it's the blunt weapons, I sometimes can't create it.

Armors can't be created.

Somehow, only the shield seemed to be an exception because I can create it.

Machines can't be created.

Even the guns can't be created.

In other words, I can only create primitive swords and spears.

But still, it's useful in the Goblin's village that doesn't have proper weapons, and I created weapons as long as my MP lasts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-9: Attendant
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 9 Attendant

I suck Merazofis's blood.

The instinct as a Vampire teaches me how to do it.

The sweet moisture passes my throat that I had not tasted before.

I suppress the urge to want to drink up everything and send in power.

Merazofis's body twitches greatly, and he's accepting my power.

The body regenerates newly.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Vampire LV1』 has become 『Vampire LV2』》

《Conditions met. Title 『Originator』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Originator』, skill 『Kin Domination』『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV1』 was acquired》

《『Sleep Resistance LV4』 has unified with 『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV1』 has become 『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV3』》

I pull out my fangs.

At the same time, Merazofis who has a pale face stands up slowly.

The wound on his back has been healed before I know it.

One of the men who noticed our state comes running.

The dagger that swung downwards.

Merazofis stopped it with his arm.

Piercing the flesh and crushing the bones, the blade penetrates Merazofis's arm.

Merazofis strikes the man's face without minding it.

Merazofis's fist catches the man's face, and he struck the wall as it is.

The man's head covered with the hood is crushed being sandwiched between the wall and the fist.

At the same time, Merazofis's fist also breaks without being able to endure his own power.

Merazofis lifts the dead man with the broken hand.

He bites the nape.

Although I can't see it because his back is seen at my position, the men who attacked us might have saw that blood is swallowed by Merazofis.

In a strange atmosphere like being overwhelmed, movement stops.

In such situation, the only person, Merazofis moves only.

Is his stomach satisfied? He throws the man's corpse away.

And, he roared.

It was a shout that makes people to have the creeps that can't be think as a human.

The men clearly have a scared look.

Merazofis charges to the stiffen men while roaring.

The man who's the nearest come to his senses, and intercepts.

The man's sword cuts up Merazofis's stomach.

But, he doesn't stop.

Merazofis struck the man's face while his stomach is cut up.

The man's body blows off, and collides with another man intensely.

That neck turned in an impossible direction, and the struck part is miserable.

But, that's all.

Merazofis still faces the men even though his stomach is cut up and both fist are crushed.

「How long do you want to play?」

Merazofis's body danced in the air.

It's probably the magic of the wind because magical power worked.

It was the act of the woman who appeared newly wearing a hood similar to the men in the inner part of the alley.

Merazofis's body that was blown off with a terrific shock rolls near me while striking the ground intensely.

Even if he's changed into a Vampire, Merazofis originally has ordinary ability only.

Although he has the power as an attendant to some extent, he's inferior by all means when compared with the man who makes combat as an occupation.

Even if he trains by practice-swinging every day, the real ability is different.

The real ability called level.

Merazofis who's an attendant has few chances to fight with the monsters unlike the adventurers and the soldiers.

Because of that, his level is low.

No matter what training he accumulates, the difference of level can't be filled, and there's a difference of combat experience too.

Above all, Merazofis's main job is an attendant, and the combat is out of his area of expertise.

Even if the man of the main job has the same level, it's unlikely to be able to win.

Even if he changed into a Vampire and do a suicide attack without taking consideration of his own body, the result didn't overturn.

My eyes meet with the fallen Merazofis.

Merazofis's eyes were empty.

My appearance reflects in the vacant eyes.

The appearance of me who looked awful being afraid by fear.

Merazofis who shows a surprised expression.

Vitality gradually returns to the eyes.

He made the tattered body to stand up with willpower only.

The newly appeared woman made the half number of men beside her and the men on the side of the alley faint.

「Vampire, huh? It seems that she just started and her status is low, but if she grows up, it's troublesome」

The woman speaks in a dry voice that doesn't have feelings.

「The originator is the baby over there, huh?」

「What should I do?」

「Kill her」

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV1』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV2』》

I trembles to the words shot easily.

「Is it fine?」

「I will tell to Oka that we didn't make it in time because we were dragged into the war. It will become a troublesome thing if a Vampire is kept alive」

「Understood」

The men sidle up to Merazofis.

It should be Merazofis's limit just by standing.

「I won't let you touch Ojou-sama」

And yet, this man stands in their way.

「I would let you die comfortably if you are obedient. Why do you do that much for that lass? That's the Vampire who will bring calamity to the world, you know?」

The woman asks.

「Such a thing is unrelated. I have promised to protect her. Yes, I was entrusted by them」

Merazofis answered promptly.

「Foolish」

「No no. Aren't you a man who has quite a spirit?」

The voice like thinking that's it's foolish from the bottom of the heart and not feeling anything.

Following it, the cheerful voice that's unsuitable for this brutal place.

「Yo yo. Maou Shoujo Ariel-chan visits the beauty little girl and the attendant's pinch magnificently!」

The atmosphere froze to the appearance of the too inappropriate and strange woman.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-10: Strange woman and dangerous woman
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 10 Strange woman and dangerous woman

「Ariel, huh?」

「I'm saying that I am. Why you end the word with a question?」

The hood woman confronts the strange woman.

It seems that the men can't decide what to do with the intruders who appeared suddenly, and send glances to the hood woman.

The hood woman doesn't care about that, and be silent.

My body floated lightly.

To be exact, I was lifted from the back by someone.

When I turn around, my eyes didn't met with the person who lifted me.

Why, why is Wakaba Hiiro here!?

I mean, why is she white?

Why she shut her eyes?

Didn't she die?

Or, did she reincarnate similar to me?

Then, why is her appearance the same as before?

Leaving aside the overflowing questions, Wakaba Hiiro lifts me with her eyes shut.

Even though her eyes are shut, it seems that she's staring at me fixedly.

Moreover, a mysterious sense of danger attacks me.

Although I don't know what happen to this person, she's dangerous.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Fear Resistance LV2』 has become 『Fear Resistance LV3』》

Although my skill level rose, it was a little slow.

Although Wakaba Hiiro's eyes are shut, her glance goes to the part between my legs.

Although her complexion didn't change, it seems that she have sensed something.

I was lowered to the ground gently.

Merazofis breaks in between Wakaba Hiiro and me while limping.

He glares at Wakaba Hiiro exposing his wariness.

Wakaba Hiiro approaches such Merazofis casually, and gave recovery magic.

「What?」

The surprised Merazofis.

I was surprised too.

Merazofis stands only by vitality and willpower, so the wound was terrible.

That recovered completely in an instant.

「You are not an enemy?」

Wakaba Hiiro nods silently to Merazofis's question.

But still, Merazofis's vigilance was not removed.

「Fumu. It's painful that I can't use the Appraisal with this body. I can't judge whether she's real or fake」

「I'm the real one. Rather, I don't want to be said by a fake who use another person's body」

「This is making my ears burn」

There was movement between the hood woman and the strange woman.

「And so, Potimas-kun, no, now is chan, huh? Why are you here?」

「Well, I wonder why?」

The hood woman plays dumb.

At that moment, the atmosphere changed.

「Spit it out quickly」

I can't understand what happened.

I shut my eyes at once when a sudden roaring sound and shock blow violently.

When I opened my eyes after that, the men were gone.

There's only the blood stains that seem to belong to the men.

「Real, huh?」

「You know it from the beginning, right? Now, spit it out」

A strong sign is released from the woman's body that the foolish atmosphere a while ago is a lie.

A mean and brutal sign that can even cause nausea just by seeing it.

「Apparently, the root have not changed. Although I don't know what turn of events that make you play such a fool, this is somewhat disadvantageous」

「Now that you understand, can you spit out your purpose without any pointless resistance? Or, do you want me to make you spit it out?」

「I refuse both」

The incident that happened next exceeded my imagination.

The hood woman blows off her own head with magic.

The corpse of woman who lost her head and falls in the alley.

「Tch! He do as he pleases because it's another person's body」

The strange woman spits out.

But, when she turns around, the overwhelming presence had disappeared.

「Well then, are you safe?」

The strange woman who talks casually.

However, Merazofis doesn't remove the vigilance.

「Ah. You don't have to be cautious. In the first place, it's useless to just be cautious」

A sweet smell that tickled my nasal cavity is smelled.

At the same time, sleepiness attacks me.

I stop breathing in a hurry.

This smell is the magic that causes sleep!

Although I can endure it for an instant because I have the Abnormal Condition Resistance, Merazofis can't endure it and falls on the road.

The sleepiness that attacks intermittently even if I stop breathing.

Although I resist it desperately, my body is losing strength steadily.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV3』 has become 『Abnormal Condition Resistance LV4』》

The skill level rises, and it recovers only a little.

But, that only extended the time to be able to resist it slightly, and my consciousness darkened gradually.

When I wake up after that, I was in the forest.

There's a tent, and the open-air fire is done.

「Oh, you woke up」

It's that strange woman who jumped into my view.

Wakaba Hiiro is sitting beside her.

When I look for Merazofis, he sat down next to me.

「I will introduce myself again. I'm the present Demon King, Ariel. My best regards from now on」

The strange woman began to say something strange.

Ah, because it's strange, it's the strange woman.

Is she strange because she a strange woman? Or, is she a strange woman because she's strange?

「Ahahahaha! Shiro-chan, look, look. Her eyes are turning amazingly」

No, that person shut her eyes.

Although she nods, can she see?

「How is it, Merazofis-kun? Did you feel like trusting my story a little?」

「I can't believe in you suddenly」

「Then, let's ask the person without delay」

The strange woman stares at me.

『Hello?』

Suddenly, a voice can be heard in my head.

Although it's similar to the voice of God, it's slightly different.

『This is the skill called Telepathy. Because I have everyone in this place connects to me with Telepathy now, you can transmit what you think to the other party』

I wonder if it's the telephone in the brain version?

『Well then, a question to Ojou-chan. Are you a reincarnated person? Answer it with yes or no』

And, the question raised to me was something unexpected.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 208: The standard of the fantasy world and the first encounter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

208 The standard of the fantasy world and the first encounter

The time returns a little.

The transferred destination is inside the town.

Because this is the first time for me to transfer without skill, it's slightly off from the target coordinate.

Although we somehow appeared in the back alley where there's no one, if I made a mistake, it would become a frightening result like in the stone or transfer human body union.

「Huh? Where is here? Who am I?」

I pull the Demon King who's half asleep next to me.

Because the main street is crowded with people who try to evacuate, I move on the roof while jumping.

「Um, I want you to explain the circumstances by now though?」

Because the Demon King says it like have been amazed, I will explain it reluctantly.

「There's a reincarnated person in this town, but because I seen her in a pinch accidentally, I will rescue her」

「Shiro-chan spoke!? Moreover, a long sentence!?」

How rude.

I will speak when speaking.

Ah, but the Demon King is half similar to me, so there might be speaking without eagerness.

「I see. However, a reincarnated person, huh? How surprising. I thought that Shiro-chan doesn't get involved in such troublesome thing」

「I don't think that I will get involve in it willingly. Only this time, I found her timely」

「Tsundere」

We arrive at the site.

At the same time, the woman was stabbed and died.

「Oh. It looks like they are fighting」

What's this situation?

Somehow, it looks like two powers clashes concerning the Vampire child.

Ah, the person who's holding that Vampire child is the guard who I treated before.

「Elves? Why are they here...」

The Demon King muttered something.

Elves?

The Elves are that standard different kind of race in the fantasy world?

The one that has long ears, good at magic and has long life?

So, there is, huh?

Because they wear the hood, the ears can't be seen.

The Demon King probably seen through it with the Appraisal, but it's inconvenient that I can't use the Appraisal casually at such a time.

The Demon King tries to rush out.

I stop her.

「Wait for a bit longer」

「Why?」

「Appearing in the pinch of the limit has better impression, right?」

The Demon King who has an amazed face somehow when I say so.

「Shiro-chan is comparatively vulgar」

Why?

While saying this and that, the guard falls.

When I thought that it's almost time, the Vampire child began to suck the guard's blood.

The atmosphere changes.

The atmosphere of both the Vampire child and the guard who's blood was sucked changes.

The guard who gets up slowly struck the one of the men who seemed to be the Elves.

Uwa, groggy.

The guard crushed the head.

Moreover, he begins to suck that guy's blood.

「Ah, his reasoning is blown off immediately after evolution」

「Is becoming a Vampire an evolution?」

「That's right. It's a special evolution」

I see.

Ah, the guard was defeated.

He's blown off by the magic of the newly appeared woman disappointingly.

「Huh? That, don't tell me that it's Potimas?」

A dangerous atmosphere mixes with the Demon King's voice.

Potimas?

I feel like I heard it somewhere before.

Ah, it's the guy who's the foolish mastermind who attacked D that was said just now.

「Potimas is an Elf?」

「That's right. It's the name of the lowest trash guy. But, the one over there is not the main body. That is just taking over and using a nameless woman's body. He's observing from a save place by using another person's body. The lowest trash who only thinks that everyone other than himself is nothing but tools. That's the guy called Potimas」

Taking over another person's body, huh?

Hmm?

I have taken over another person's bodyQueen before.

I observed from the safe place (Elro Great Labyrinth).

Not interested in things other than myself.

「Ha!? When thinking so, Shiro-chan is also the lowest tra-, buhera!?」

Divine Punishment.

「Even though it's just a right straight without any power, it can't be avoided and it penetrates Physical Nullity. Is this God power?」

The Demon King explains neatly while bleeding at the nose.

「Well, it's that. The Elves in this world are not the same as what you imagined. Frankly speaking, when seeing from the world, they are nothing but harm」

The image of the Elves collapses.

「Even though it's a temporary body, for Potimas to appear like this. What turn of events is this? Oh, well」

The Demon King rushes out without the time to stop her.

「Yo yo. Maou Shoujo Ariel-chan visits the beauty little girl and the attendant's pinch magnificently!」

What?

What is that fool saying?

Is she stupid?

Well, never mind.

For the time being, let's leave the Elves to the Demon King.

There's some kind of circumstances.

I will move to secure the Vampire child.

I move to the Vampire child's back.

I lift her as it is.

Hmm.

Baby seems to be delicious because it's squishy.

Though the parts that can be eaten seems to be little because it's small.

The cheek seems to have elasticity.

I wonder if I should eat her only a little.

As expected, the cheek is that, maybe the arm.

I can just treat her right after I pluck it out.

Just a little.

Ah.

This person wet her pants.

Ah.

Well, in such a situation that she might die, it can't be helped even if she wet her pants, huh?

She's a baby after all.

But, her inside is a high school student, so how is it?

If it's me, I can die easily by shame though.

Or rather, I have the confidence that I will massacre every eye-witness without hesitation though.

Let's pretend not to see it.

That's the thing called kindness.

I even made my intention to eat disappeared.

I return the Vampire child gently to her former position.

The guard notices me and protects the Vampire child while limping.

Although the Demon King said that his reasoning was blown off immediately after evolution, from what I see, he has consciousness properly.

But, it's not strange even if he loses consciousness in another meaning.

What a terrible wound.

He's alive well.

Now that I have come this far, I will treat you because it can't be helped.

Un.

I can do the magic of treatment without a problem.

「You are not an enemy?」

Because I was asked so by the guard, I nod for the time being.

I'm also not an ally though.

As for the Demon King, she's acting violently.

The people other than the woman called Potimas were instant killed.

Although she threaten that Potimas, ah, she committed suicide.

Is it not painful even if she dies because it's a borrowed body?

Then, is it similar to the nature of my egg revival?

Egg, egg!?

Crap.

I forgot it completely.

What happened to that?

They have already hatched, right?

I must go to confirm it later.

The Demon King uses the magic called 「Wind of Doze」 that has sleep effect among the magic of the wind to put the Vampire child and the guard to sleep.

「Then, let's withdraw quickly」

「Why did you put them to sleep?」

「We can't talk slowly here, and because we are not trusted yet, I made them possible to be abducted quickly」

Ah, yeah.

Then, let's transfer to a suitable place.

This time, I make sure that there's no mistake in the coordinates.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 209: Vampire attendant conciliatory operation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

209 Vampire attendant conciliatory operation

We transfer to a suitable forest.

I leave the Vampire master and servant to the Demon King, and transfer to the town again.

I act as a looter and steal various things.

I create a different space and throw those things into it.

Although I tried to reproduce the Space Storage of the Space Magic skill, it's difficult.

It seems that the difficulty of the magic that uses the space is high.

I put up the tent that I stole, and begin to cook simple dishes with the ingredients that I stole.

The Demon King sits down with shining eyes.

Help me.

When I eat the completed dish, the guard woke up.

The Demon King said that his name is Merazofis, and it seems to be a fireball-like name.

「Where is here?」

「In a suitable forest. Because I wanted to talk slowly, I put you to sleep and brought you here arbitrarily」

「Is...that so?」

Merazofis, because it's long, Mera is fine.

Mera is still being slightly cautious.

Well, we are unknown and mysterious oddballs after all.

Mainly because of the Demon King's speech and behavior.

There's no one who thinks that she's the real Demon King.

If there is, that guy is that.

「Thank you for saving us」

「You're welcome. Well, you're just there. The one we want to save is that child」

The Demon King pointed at the Vampire child who's still sleeping peacefully.

「May I ask a few things?」

「Okay. I will answer the one that can be answered」

「The town, no, what happened to the lord and madam?」

The Demon King looks at me.

I shake my head to that.

I went to see the state of the Vampire child's family just in case when I went to procure goods.

The result is unfortunate.

He probably has guessed it with my reaction.

Mera subdued his voice and wailed.

And, a few minutes of shedding tears, he wipes the tears and raises his mushy face.

「I have shown you an unsightly part」

「No. There's no way that the tears shed for someone are unsightly」

The Demon King looks at Mera like pitying him.

She did say something like that when we were going to save them, so it seems that she's pleased with him.

「Another one. There should be another woman attendant of Ojou-sama besides me in that place. Do you know about her?」

「You have seen it, right? She died」

「I guess that's right」

It's probably the feelings like the last hope and pray for a miracle.

The thought that "I don't expect so much, but maybe" was seen.

Although he pretends to be calm, still, he can't conceal the appearance that he was disappointed.

「Well then, I will ask you again. Who on earth are you?」

「Then, we will answer seriously」

Then, the intimidating air increases from the Demon King.

Apparently, it seems that she turned on the intimidating-type skills that were turned off.

Although it has almost no effect on me, the change brought a dramatic effect.

The sweats rushes out of Mera's whole body.

His expression freezes in fear.

I felt that the creatures in the forest are going away all at once.

「I'm the genuine and real Demon King. It's Demon King Ariel. My best regards from now on」

Ah, I think that she's really the Demon King when she get rid of her usual disappointing aura.

With this intimidation, there's no way that Mera won't believe her.

I mean, there's no way that the people who can release such intimidation are common.

「Demon King. Why?」

In fact, he probably feels frightened and wants to run away right away, but he remains in the place to protect the Vampire child bravely.

Not only that, but he raised a question back even though it's a hoarse voice.

Incredible willpower.

「Hmm. Shiro-chan, what should we do?」

This mean whether we should tell him or not, right?

Isn't it fine?

Thus, I nod.

「Well then, let me explain」

The Demon King cancels the intimidation, and begins to explain attentively.

「A certain total fool in this world do something stupid, and cause trouble to another world」

「What?」

「Well, just listen. The youngsters of the another world died because of the circumstances here. And so, The God who felt responsibility to that picks up their souls at that time, and let them reborn in this world anew. They are called the reincarnated people」

「Haa」

Mera listens with the face that it's pointless anyhow.

Well, even if such nonsense story is told suddenly...

「They, the reincarnated people are born with the memory of the previous life. In addition, they received a bonus from the God. Although I don't know whether it's because of that or not, the people who attacked you seems to aim at the reincarnated people」

「Um, what's the relation with the story?」

「Oh? You're bad at guessing. In other words, that Ojou-chan over that is one of the reincarnated people」

「!?」

Surprise floats on Mera's face.

But, it was not the size that the Demon King expected.

「Muu. You don't believe me, right?」

「As expected, I can't believe such a groundless story」

「Is that so? Don't you happen to know? This Ojou-chan is strangely better in understanding compared with the other babies, isn't it? Did she do a strange action for a baby?」

「That's」

「You have the face that she did those things」

Of course there is.

No matter how high her acting ability is, there's no way that a high school student can act as a baby perfectly.

If she can do it, she can get the starring award.

She was not found out because her body is really a baby.

People will pretend not to know a few sense of incongruity if the appearance is deceived.

「And, I think that you realized it already, but Ojou-chan is not a human. She's a Vampire」

「As expected, is that so?」

「Un. By the way, you too」

「That time, I was bitten by Ojou-sama was a reality, huh?」

「Yes. It seems that Ojou-chan have gotten the Vampire skill from the God. That's why, she was naturally a Vampire. Somehow, it looks like she did various trial and error after she knew it by seeing the status」

「That's?」

「Because there are skills like Memory and Calculation Processing, did she search for a method to conceal the fact that she's a Vampire somehow?」

「Do you have the Appraisal skill?」

「Appraisal level 10. Amazing, right?」

A self-satisfied look.

「Well, we can confirm it in detail when Ojou-chan wakes up. By the way, we saved Ojou-chan this time is because there's pretty much a bond. That Shiro-chan over there is a reincarnated person」

Because Mera stared at me, I nodded lightly.

Although he seemed to draw back slightly, it's surely my imagination.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 210: Vampire master conciliatory operation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

210 Vampire master conciliatory operation

『Well then, a question to Ojou-chan. Are you a reincarnated person? Answer it with yes or no』

The Demon King questions the Vampire child who woke up with Telepathy.

Although I understand it completely, the most quickest method to make Mera to understand it is to have the person herself to say it.

The silence continues for a while.

I eat the cooked dish in the meanwhile.

Hmm.

It doesn't taste bad.

But, when it's said as delicious, it's strange.

After all, I only season it suitably.

If I have free time, I guess I should really learn cooking.

Muu.

What was bad?

Was the meat slightly light?

As expected, according to the fantasy setting, do the people only eat vegetables?

The blood is drained because it should not be wrong to let the two Vampires to drink it.

Is it more delicious if I cook it after making a sauce and pickled it thoroughly?

『Wh-What would you do to me?』

The Vampire child opened her mouth as she made up her mind while I'm worrying about the reflection of the dish.

Because it's Telepathy, her mouth doesn't open though.

『Hai, boo! I told you to answer with yes or no』

The Demon King pouts while drawing the x-mark with her arms.

『To be frank, I take hold of the right of your life-and-death power now. Because I'm not particularly an enemy, I don't intend to cause any harm to you, but I'm not an ally either. If you hurt my feelings, I might leave you in this deep forest where there are monsters, you know?』

Even though you show no signs of to do so.

But, the effect was preeminent.

Impatience that can't be concealed floats on the Vampire child's face.

After seeing that impatient face, or rather, at the stage when the Vampire child responded to the conversation with Telepathy, Mera opened his mouth in surprise.

Seeing the Vampire child's reaction, the credibility of the thing that the Demon King said has increased.

Although he understands it in the head, he's like denying it in the heart?

And so, the result is freeze.

『Well, it means that it depends on your attitude』

『I understand. The answer of the question a while ago is yes』

The Demon King smiles to that reply, and Mera looked up at the sky.

『Then, can you introduce yourself lightly? Ah, make sure it's easy for Merazofis-kun to understand』

『Y-Yes』

There's a pause for a while, and the Vampire child began to speak bit by bit.

『My name is Sophia Keren. My former name is Negishi Akiko』

『Un un. And?』

『And, um, I'm a one year and two months old baby since birth』

I heard that one year in this world is 411 days, and one year is divided into ten months.

In other words, one month has 41 days.

I heard that the one extra day is called the new day, and it's the first day of the year that's treated as a special day that doesn't belong to any months.

In case of this world's basis, one year and two months is about one year and four months if it's converted to the Earth's.

『Un un. And?』

『Eh? And, eh? Um』

『Aren't you hiding an important thing?』

『A, u, ah. Yes』

『Then, vomit that out』

The Demon King who waits for the Vampire child's answer while grinning.

Although she wants her to say about the Vampire, what a good personality she have to put on the airs to have the person herself to say it out even though she knows it.

I mean, although the Elves said Vampire in the riot a while ago, didn't she hear it?

Or, she heard it, but she forgotten it?

The Vampire child glances at Mera repeatedly.

Mera looks at the Vampire child without looking away.

『I'm...a Vampire』

The Vampire child who confesses it like she gave up in the end.

『Un. I know it』

『Eh?』

『By the way, I told Merazofis-kun a while ago』

『Eh? Huh?』

The Vampire child who's extremely flustered.

Is she really okay?

Because Mera became a Vampire, there's no way that he doesn't know it.

「Ojou-sama, I have the consciousness that I became a Vampire, and I also understand that Ojou-sama is a Vampire」

Mera tells it to the Vampire child not with Telepathy but with natural voice.

『I'm sorry. At that time, I could only thought of that method』

「Please don't apologize. I'm suppose to be the one who should apologize」

『Eh?』

「I couldn't protect Ojou-sama to the end. I'm sorry」

Mera prostrates himself.

This world seriously has the prostrate culture.

「In addition, if you didn't do that, I would have died. There's only gratitude, and there's no feeling of grudge」

『But, Vampire, you know? You can't live as a human anymore, you know?』

「I'm prepared for that. In order to protect Ojou-sama, it might be just good」

『Merazofis. You still』

「Master and Madam have entrusted Ojou-sama to me. Then, I will protect you until this life comes to an end」

『Merazofis』

What a good story.

Eh, the Demon King is crying?

Can she be deeply moved by this?

Um.

Is my sensitivity strange?

「I have heard your story! You come under me! I will take responsibility and protect you!」

Ah.

A switch has turned on in the Demon King.

Oh, well.

On our side who saved them, it's kinda bad to say good-bye to them here.

「I think that it's not a bad condition. After all, I'm the Demon King. For your information, there's almost no one in this world who can defeat me. I think that it's profitable to obtain the protection of such me who's the strongest. That people who attacked you will not make a move on you as long as I keep a watchful eye on you. In addition, you can't live in the Humans society. Then, why don't you go to the Demons territory with me?」

The Vampire child and Mera exchange glances.

「I will follow Ojou-sama's decision」

『I understand. But, please let me think a little』

「Okay, okay. Worry very much」

『And, could I ask various questions?』

「If I can answer it, anything」

『Then, un, that, what are you eating?』

「Hmm? Shiro-chan's homemade dish. The menu is Elves meat stir-fried vegetables」

The Vampire child's face become stiff terribly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-4: Naming
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 4 Naming

Thanks to the Weapon Creation, the village has developed slightly.

Because if it's an edged tool, I can create it mostly, and the daily necessities such as kitchen knife, scissors, etc, were enhanced.

In addition, concerning the weapons, the ones that were use are shabby one, used article of the dead adventurer, the one made from monster's bone,etc. So, by providing the more proper weapons, the rate of returning alive of the Goblins who went out to hunt rose slightly.

Half a year after I'm aware of the Weapon Creation skill.

I continued to create weapons every day.

Thanks to that, my MP that dropped to the bottom only by creating the shabby knife at first has increased considerably, and nowadays, I can create a considerably good quality of weapon.

I appraise the completed sword.

『Creation Sword：Offensive ability 96, Durability 1099：The sword created by creation』

I borrowed the appraisal stone from the village elder in order to confirm the ability of the created weapon.

When judging it by using the power, it can be said that this sword has a fairly good ability.

The offensive ability is an offensive ability that's added to the status as it is.

The durability shows the strength of the weapon, and when this value is lowered, it becomes easier to break.

It's like the defensive ability of the weapon, and I think that it will probably break in one blow if it's attacked by an offensive ability higher than the durability.

When thinking so, if it's less than the offensive ability 1099, this sword will not break in one blow.

It can be said as considerably strong, isn't it?

The offensive ability also rises by 96.

Because my present offensive ability is 81, my offensive ability will become twice or more just by equipping this sword.

Should I grieve for my offensive ability that's lower than the offensive ability of the sword? Or, should I be glad that a sword with good ability is created?

It's a complicated part.

It might be inevitable because I only do the Weapon Creation during this half year and didn't develop my offensive ability much.

Various things happened in this half year.

The Goblins of the same age that I know froze to death, the harvest time was mistaken and the vegetables was eaten.

The senior Goblins who went to hunt didn't return.

When thinking so, my real elder brother evolved into a Hobgoblin.

My family consists of 4 elder brothers, 6 elder sisters, both parents, 1 younger sister and younger brother, and me. A total of 15 people.

Although it's a large family when it's the human, it's not so much when it's the Goblin.

Because the pregnancy period is short and the fertility is also high, it's possible to give birth to a child in a quick span.

However, because of that, the death rate is also high.

From what I heard, I seem to have 4 more elder brothers, and 1 younger brother was miscarried.

That was severe.

He was supposed to become my first younger brother.

But, it was not good.

Everyone of the family cried.

My appetite decreased for a while.

And, the one who comforted such me was the eldest brother, Razaraza.

I feel that it's doubtful to say that I was comforted.

When you ask what he did to me, I was hit.

「Don't have a depressing face forever. Eat and live energetically. That's the obligation of the one who's alive」

He said that, and made me to eat forcibly.

My mouth was opened forcibly, and food was stuffed.

After that, when I show a depressed state in mealtime, I was made to eat forcibly.

Although I thought that I was going to die, I gradually stop becoming depressed.

What Razaraza-nii said is right, and above all, a new life is in Mother's body at that time.

Goblin's vitality is amazing.

Like that, my younger sister was born.

At that time, I swore to protect this child.

Razaraza-nii is a leading warrior in the village.

He's a High Goblin that's the further evolution of the Hobgoblin, and the status is high to the extent that it can't be compared with the ordinary Goblin.

My elder brother of the boast.

Every brothers are aiming to be like Razaraza-nii.

But, because I have the Weapon Creation, I'm at a slightly special position.

Even though I'm a minor who can't go out to hunt yet, I'm becoming the existence that's necessary to the village.

Hunting is dangerous.

But, if I don't go out to hunt, I can't raise my level, and I will die by my life span without evolving.

Although the village can't lose me, they must let me to go to hunt.

Because of that, the tops are arguing on what to do.

Well, it's still a matter for the future that I will go out to hunt, so I think that it will be roughly decided at that time.

I think that I will probably be guarded by the best warriors in the village.

I want to request for Razaraza-nii to be the guard at that time.

That's if it's possible though.

I give a name to the completed creation sword.

「Naming, Dansou」

(TL note: Dansou(断爪) means resolute fang. I decided to use the name in Japanese instead of translating it for no special reason)

The named creation sword sheds light for an instant.

I try to judge it again.

『Dansou：Offensive ability 116, Durability 1199：The named sword created by creation』

The offensive ability rose by 20, and the durability rose by 100.

This is the effect of the 「Naming」 skill.

Although I gave name to every weapon that I created, this skill was obtained at that time.

The effect is increase the status of the named things.

Now, the skill level is 2.

The effect of the weapon that I named rises further by this skill.

Actually, this skill not only has effect on weapons.

If I give a name to a living thing, the status will rise.

Even the one that has a name originally, the effect can be displayed by overwriting the name.

But, there's no Goblin who lets me to name it in this Goblin's village.

For the Goblins, the name has a sacred meaning.

Even if they understand that the status will rise, there was no Goblin who wants to change its name after being named once.

I respect that pride.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「Captain. I killed a Goblin」

「I see. Good job. How's our loss?」

「It's 0. It was a little dangerous though. Recently, they have excessively good weapons after all」

「Is there a Goblin who can do blacksmith?」

「That's impossible. It's the Goblin, you know? But, if there's such a Goblin, let's make it into a servant by Captain's skill. Then, we who were transferred to such a remote place can make our equipment a little better」

「Yeah. However, we can't overlook that the Goblin's range of action extends. Work out the countermeasures immediately」

「Yes yes」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-11: What should I do if my classmate becomes a monster when reincarnated?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 11 What should I do if my classmate becomes a monster when reincarnated?

This is bad.

It's seriously bad.

The appearance is certainly the usual stir fried vegetables.

But, the mark that seems to have done cooking is bad.

No matter how I look at it, the things that must be the remains of dissecting people are on the cutting board and scattered around the ground.

It's no joke.

That meat is the meat. Maybe, because I'm Vampire, I understand it naturally.

It's impossible to eat it calmly.

In addition, the person who I know is doing it.

『Hey, you're Wakaba Hiiro, right?』

The girl who silently eats the stir-fried vegetables while ignoring my question.

No matter how I look at her, it's Wakaba Hiiro who's my classmate in the previous life.

Although her face and atmosphere has somewhat changed and her whole body is pure white, there's no way that I made a mistake.

After I was reborn to this world, there was time, and I thought of various things.

Maybe, there are reincarnated people other than me.

In the first place, I don't know how did I reincarnate in this world.

Even if I died, I don't understand the cause of my death well.

Although my body was weak, it shouldn't be to the extent that I will die.

Because I might die by a sudden symptom like heart attack or cerebral apoplexy unconsciously, I can't say anything.

But, I understand that it's not like that when my former classmate appeared in front of me like this.

Because there's a story that the whole class was group transferred to the different world in the novel, it might be a group transfer.

Something like the classroom exploded suddenly.

Although I thought about such a thing vaguely, when seeing Wakaba Hiiro's appearance, it might not be so.

Wakaba Hiiro's appearance didn't change much from the previous life.

It can be concluded that her face and her atmosphere have somewhat changed is because more than one year passed.

I don't understand why she's white.

Although there's a little change, I can agree that she has transferred rather than reincarnated.

But, it's unbelievable that she's doing cannibalism calmly.

Although she was a person who I don't understand what she's thinking from before, really, what is she thinking?

「Shiro-chan? You're asked, you know?」

The girl who introduced herself as Ariel shakes Wakaba Hiiro's shoulder.

But still, she ignores her and eats the dish.

The shake of the shoulder becomes greater.

Shaking her, and a punch sank into the her face.

Um, you just introduced yourself as the Demon King just now, but are you serious?

「A right straight that can aim at the world. *Gaku*」

Seriously serious?

「No, well, enough with the joke. If you seriously don't speak, the talk won't advance though?」

Ariel-san who stood up talks to Wakaba Hiiro.

「Troublesome」

「Um」

When I think that she finally opened her mouth, she said such a thing.

「Haa, then. Shiro-chan adventure story that makes the teller cry, and the listener will also cry. Let me tell you all about it」

Ariel-san who stands up suddenly, thrusts her fist to the sky and ends with a pose.

Although we just met, don't this person only live with mood?

「Died and reborn as a spider monster. The place she was born is the world's largest and worst labyrinth, the Elro Great Labyrinth. Escape from cannibal siblings, almost killed by the frog, the mortal combat with the snake is unfolded, and fall into the hole in the end. There, what awaits her is the dreadful Earth Dragon that sleeps deep in the depths of the earth! Barely escaping ali-, guhe!」

「It's long」

Wakaba Hiiro who grabs the hair of Ariel-san who talks passionately and throw her away while disheveling her fist.

What is this farce?

For the time being, I arrange the things that Ariel-san said.

Die once means that Wakaba Hiiro was reincarnated just like me?

I have seen the name called Elro Great Labyrinth in the book.

It says that it's a huge labyrinth that connects the continents.

She was born there?

「Summarizing it, you are a reincarnated person, reborn into a spider monster, and escaped from the Elro Great Labyrinth」

Merazofis gives the answer accurately.

「Yes! That's right!」

Why English?

Look, Merazofis draws wrinkle to the middle of the forehead and has a mysterious face.

Um, wait a minute.

Why is English used?

『Um, can Ariel-san speak English?』

「Hmm? I can. Ah, that has a deep reason, but don't mind it now」

Although I want to know it when it's said so, it's not the atmosphere that she will tell.

「The spider monster of the Elro Great Labyrinth. Don't tell me, Divine Beast-sama?」

「Ah, that's Shiro-chan」

What?

Eh?

What?

Wait a minute.

Eh?

The Divine Beast is that white spider that appeared when I was being attacked by the bandits, right?

It's that spider that settled close to the town, right?

It's that spider that created the trigger of the war, right?

「I will say this. The war is not my fault」

Did she guessed what I want to say? Wakaba Hiiro precedes.

『But, if you're not there!』

「Even if I'm there or not, it will become a war sooner or later. Because the Divine Word Religion wanted to crush the Goddess Religion. Rather, I was only used as the excuse of the war」

「Because the Divine Word Religion's purpose is to reduce the Goddess Religion's power greatly, they might have put that the country will be smashed up in their outlook. Because it ended with only one town, the damage was rather cheap」

『But, but!』

「You have no choice but to think that it's unlucky. The world is full of unreasonable things」

Still, the incomprehensible feelings jumbled together to the words of Ariel-san who says so with a philosophic view.

「By the way, Divine Beast-sama is taking a human's appearance, but is it an illusion or something?」

「No, Shiro-chan has evolved specially into a human-type. Although the essence is the spider monster, it doesn't mean that her appearance are changed. By the way, Is it the specification that she looks similar to her previous life? I don't understand well there」

Merazofis changes the topic.

Merazofis's mind shouldn't be calm too.

I stare at Wakaba Hiiro who has a nonchalant air.

「Shiraori」

『Eh?』

「My present name. That's why, don't call me Wakaba Hiiro」

Although I don't understand well, I understand.

I also don't want to be called by my previous life's name so much, so this person might be also the same.

I will call her Shiraori.

Though forgiving her or not is different.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-12: The Divine Word Religion and the Elves
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 12 The Divine Word Religion and the Elves

Because various things happened, sleepiness attacks me, and in the end, I doze off at that day.

Even though I still have a lot of things that I want to ask.

When I wake up, I was in the tent.

It's dark maybe because the sun has not risen yet.

On my side, Merazofis sleeps as he's dead.

When I go out of the tent quietly so that I don't wake Merazofis, it was still dark.

Because the distant sky is grows lighter, it might lighten soon.

Waking up early in the morning even though I'm a Vampire, it's strange.

「Oh? Did you wake up?」

When I was called and I turn around, Ariel-san was sitting there on the same position as yesterday.

「Do you want me to connect the Telepathy? Or, can you talk?」

What should I do?

I can pretty much talk about the things that I can talk.

However, my lisping and pronunciation are still strange, and talking is considerably tiring because I'm a baby.

Although I did speak to the extent that it's not strange when I was in the house, if there's such a convenient thing like Telepathy, I want to rely on that.

「With Telepathy」

Although I tried to say "with Telepathy", it's hard to catch it because of the lisp after all.

Not talking smoothly is also a stress.

「OK. Understood」

I understand it intuitively that the Telepathy with Ariel-san is connected.

It's a convenient skill, and there's a lot of chance to use it until I become able to talk properly, so I will acquire it with skill points later.

After all, I only used the skill point for Appraisal, and I didn't touch the others.

Although I saved it to acquire the skill to conceal the Vampire, now that it became like this, there's no meaning to conceal it anymore.

「You slept soundly as you're tired」

Ariel-san said so while smiling.

It's a little embarrassing that my sleeping face was seen.

Huh?

Did Ariel-san stand watch without sleeping?

『Um, possibly, you didn't sleep?』

「Un? Ah, because I have the high rank skill of the Sleep Resistance that's Abnormal Condition Nullity, I don't need to sleep. I will sleep when I feel like sleeping though」

Don't need to sleep.

I mean, I wonder isn't the Abnormal Condition Nullity a considerably amazing skill?

Although it's unbelievable when I see the conversation like a comic dialogue yesterday, if I think about it, this person overwhelmed the people who attacked me.

Although I don't know whether the comment that she's the Demon King is true or not, her ability might be real even though she looks stupid.

「Somehow, I feel like I'm being dissed」

Perceptive.

I pretend not to know while sweating cold sweat in my heart.

「Because the other two people are still sleeping, I will accept the question time until they wake up」

Come to think of it, although Merazofis was in the tent, I don't see Shiraori's appearance.

Where is she?

『What's that?』

When I looked around restlessly, that comes into view.

「Ah, that's Shiro-chan's home」

I don't understand the meaning of Ariel-san's words.

It's a thing like a white cocoon that's there.

A round cocoon that was made with a large amount of threads.

Is Shiraori in there?

「You shouldn't approach it. Because I don't know what she would do when she's half asleep」

Because I have a bad feeling somehow, I listen to Ariel-san's words obediently.

『First of all, the town, Father and Mother, what happened to them?』

The first question.

I understand that the answer is probably the one that's different from what I hoped.

But, I must hear it.

「The town is occupied by the invaded Outsu country army, well, it's the Divine Word Religion army though. Your father and mother are unfortunate. That's the condition」

I predicted it.

But, as expected, when I hear it again, the shock is large.

And yet, tears don't flow.

Am I cold-hearted? Or, my feelings are paralyzed because I'm confused?

「By the way, about the people who attacked you, one side is the back force of the Divine Word Religion, and the other one is the Elves. It looks like both sides know that you're a reincarnated person and targeted you」

『Elves?』

Come to think of it, I think that the word "Elves" was mentioned yesterday in the stir-fried vegetables.

Although I can understand the Divine Word Religion, why the Elves?

「I don't know why the Elves are aiming at the reincarnated people. However, Potimas who's the leader of the Elves is a rotten trash. It's obvious that he's planning something worthless」

『Is that so?』

「Un. He's a damn trash who's already too trashy that can make the world into a pinch」

What a harsh way to say about him.

But, Ariel-san talks exposing her unpleasant feelings, at least, it looks like Ariel-san hates the Elves considerably.

Elves were supposed to be more sacred in my image though.

「The people of the Divine Word Religion too. Although I don't know where they marked you down, it looks like they aimed at you. Possibly, that town become the target this time might be because you were there」

I have trouble breathing to the words.

It's my...fault?

「It's only "might". There's a possibility of becoming one of the purposes. Because the Divine Word Religion's Pope is a man who values such efficiency. Achieve the secret purpose while dropping the confidence of Goddess Religion. He moves to produce many results with one move, He's such a tactician」

It's my fault.

It's my fault.

It's my fault.

I refrain with the words in my head.

「Even if I say to not mind it, it's probably an unreasonable consultation, but the things happened this time is one of the big flows of the world. Either way, you can't change it. There are things that can be done and things that can't be done in everyone, you should just give up thinking that it can't be helped」

It's not something that can be cleared easily.

「The important thing is what you want to do after that. This time, it can't be helped. The things happened can't be changed. Then, when the same thing happens, will you just look at it without doing anything? Or, will you try to fight? Which one will you choose?」

『I will fight』

I answer immediately.

That's right.

I won't let such an unreasonable thing to happen again.

「Then, how will you act in order to fight? At this rate, the result will be the same. The important thing is how will you act. You may be depressed, and you may worry. However, if you decided to fight, you must not stop」

That's right.

It's just like that.

I might have misunderstood this person a little.

Although I thought that she's an unreliable person who only jokes, what she says is very good.

As this person says, I must not stop.

Yes, I decided it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-13: Envy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 13 Envy

「Well, it depends on you what you will do from now on. You're still young, so there's no need to be in a hurry」

I nod to Ariel-san's words.

That's right.

Although I tend to forget it because there's the previous life, I'm still a baby.

My life is from now on.

I still have plenty of time.

I'm a Vampire too, so my life span might be longer than human.

「And so? What do you intend to do from now on? If you're coming with us, I welcome you. If you want to stay in the Humans territory, I will somewhat care for you in that case. But, I don't recommend that so much」

That's right.

What will we do after this?

There's no house to return anymore.

Because the Divine Word Religion and the Elves seem to aim at me for some reason, we must slip through the pursuit.

Although I don't know about the Elves, the Divine Word Religion is widely believed in the Humans.

Because of that, the sphere of influence is also wide.

Rather, it might be better to think that everything outside of the Goddess Religion's sphere of influence is the Divine Word Religion's range.

The Goddess Religion won't protect me anymore.

Rather, if they know that I'm alive, they might present me to the Divine Word Religion with pleasure.

The position of being chased by both Goddess Religion and the Divine Word Religion.

As long as I'm in the Humans' sphere of living, I can never relax my guard.

In addition, Merazofis and I must conceal the fact that we are Vampires.

Although I was able to live without being doubted because I'm a baby and it's only me up until now, it won't be like that from now on.

Although I never suck blood in daily life before, it might be not good if I don't suck when I grow up.

Something like because I'm a baby now, it's fine even if I don't suck blood.

Then, Merazofis has to suck blood.

As Ariel-san says, it's not too good to stay in the Humans territory like this.

I think that I can live on by hiding myself.

But, a life on the run is a stress with that alone, and I might face ruin because of a trivial mistake.

But, nevertheless, how about going to the Demons territory with Ariel-san?

I think that Ariel-san can be trusted.

Although it's a short association, I think that she's an unexpectedly reliable and truthful person.

But, even if Ariel-san can be trusted, Shiraori can't be trusted, and it doesn't mean that the Demons can be trusted.

Although I don't know how's the Vampire treated among the Demons, can a Vampire who's a former human accepted?

In the first place, what are the Demons?

I'm not a good-natured person who can trust the other party who I have not seen.

However, there are no other choices.

Ariel-san says that it depends on me, and gives me the right to choose, but the way that can be taken is limited.

If I refuse Ariel-san's offer here, what's waiting for me is the severe life on the run.

In a situation that I can't rely on anyone except Merazofis, I must live on while being afraid of the assassin who might come someday.

That's severe.

In the first place, because I'm still a baby, I must have someone to protect me for at least a few years.

The burden is too much for Merazofis alone.

Although I don't want to think about it so much, if something happened to Merazofis in that situation....

『What will Ariel-san do after this?』

「We will return to the Demons territory leisurely」

『Then, can we follow you?』

「Oh, did you decide it?」

『No. I'm still hesitating. So, for the time being, could you make it to until the border of the Humans territory and the Demons territory? I will decide the the things after that at that time』

I think that it's a halfway conclusion even if I say so myself.

It can also be said that it's delaying the problem.

But, even though I have lived as a Human up until now, I can't decide to go to the Demons territory suddenly.

「It's fine, it's fine. I think that it's good to be careful rather than deciding with the mood only」

Because she acknowledged it laughingly, I feel relieved.

After all, my request sounds very rude depending on how the person takes.

In short, it's the same as saying "because I can't trust you, I will wait-and-see".

「Well, it's a long way to the Demons territory from this place, so you can just find an answer during the travel」

Ariel-san who answers gently like seeing through my mind.

Somehow, I feel uncomfortable.

It's like I'm showed that how small am I.

Ah, after all, even if I reincarnated, I don't change so much.

Not only the ability.

When other people are superior to me, I will have an indescribable inferiority complex and an unpleasant feeling in my chest by all means.

The name of the unpleasant feeling is envy.

Why am I like this while the others are like that?

When the other people are excellent and it's inconvenient, I will think about such a thing unconsciously.

I'm reborn, born in a good house, and my life is from now on!

And yet, I'm a Vampire, got involved in the war, my family and house are lost, and I almost died.

Why it's always me!

Because I had such a terrible previous life, isn't it fine to make my second life better!

The anger that has no place to vent it.

The feelings accumulated in the pool transformed into envy in my mind by the person who I hated the most appeared in front of me.

Even though I'm at the very bottom of misfortune, she had a nonchalant air.

I understand it.

This is just an outburst of anger.

It's shameful, and an unsightly act.

Even for an instant, it's not the feelings that should be held to my lifesaver.

But, I can't clear it.

I can't sort my feelings.

Maybe, that's why.

I acquired the 「Jealousy」 skill unconsciously.

(TL note: The word used here is actually 羨望 which is one of the Japanese translations of Envy. However, the word 嫉妬 is the commonly used for Envy. And also, this skill has level, so it's not the final Sins skill. While this 羨望 can only be translated as Envy, I translated it into Jealousy. *End of this very long note*)

The level rises day by day, and it's level 7 now.

Whenever the voice of God notifies that the level of Jealousy rises, I became more irritated as if my hideous mind is being exposed.

「Should I tell you about Shiro-chan?」

About her?

「After all, she won't say anything willingly. I will tell you. About Shiro-chan」

I didn't want to know about her particularly.

But, somehow, I felt that I must listen to the story.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-14: The lie and the truth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 14 The lie and the truth

「A question here. Why were we able to save you timely?」

Ariel-san gave such a question suddenly.

Come to think of it, why?

I didn't think of it because there was too many things.

『You chased the Elves?』

She was hostile to them somehow after all.

「Boo. Wrong」

『Then, you were watching the details of the war?』

She seemed to be considerably detailed about the Divine Word Religion.

「Boo. That's wrong」

『I'm sorry. I don't know』

I can't think of other reasons.

If it's neither related to the Elves nor watching the war, I can't think of the reason why Ariel-san is in that place.

The self-proclaimed Demon King is just sightseeing by chance is too much whatever the circumstances may be.

「The correct answer is to save you!」

She tells the correct answer while making the sound effect "pan paka pan".

I tilt my head to the side to the content.

To save me?

What for?

『Is it because I'm a reincarnated person?』

I ask while standing ready a little.

Although I don't know why the Elves and the Divine Word Religion are aiming at me, a reincarnated person means that an existence to be aimed.

Then, this person also have some reasons and want to put me nearby, isn't it?

Although it might be better that I'm alive compared with the Elves, if she intends to use me, it becomes impossible to trust her completely.

「Hmm. You could say that, but it's also not that」

The returned answer was an indecisive one.

『What do you mean?』

「Well, because Shiro-chan said to save you, we saved you」

『Eh?』

Eh?

What do you mean?

「Because she's like that, she tends to be misunderstood, but Shiro-chan is a good person anyway. If there's a person who're troubled or a person who's seeking for help, she will help instinctively. She's the type that can't help but to pick up the abandoned kitten. I only helped Shiro-chan in extra, and the one who moved to save you was Shiro-chan」

Eh?

『B-But, she didn't have such a behavior!?』

「Ah. Because Shiro-chan has a difficult personality that wants to act bad. Even if she accumulate good deeds, she will find various reasons and look down on her own actions by herself. In a bad meaning, she's a quibbler. Even though she moved with good intentions free of charge, she placed a compensation to it forcibly saying "In order to acquire this, I'm doing it like this, so it's not a good deed!". And, in that way, she's a tsundere」

『What is...that?』

「In your case, it looks like she was worried about you for quite a long time. She made a nest near that town where you live is to watch over you, isn't it? She probably has seen through that you're a Vampire. Probably, because it will become troublesome when it's found out, I think that she thinks of the worst pattern and make sure that she can go to save you any time」

『No way, but, there's no way...』

「At that time, Shiro-chan was chased by a troublesome pursuer. Actually, it was a dangerous situation to stay in one place. It's impossible to think reasonably to make the nest in such a place that stands out」

『Pursuer? Possibly, is it the time when she disappear and fought, the Divine Word Religion?』

「Yeah. Well, it's unrelated to the Divine Word Religion though. Because it's convenient, it's just that the Divine Word Religion brags it like it's their act」

『Is that so?』

「Yeah. The Divine Word Religion is comparatively good at circulating such false information, you know? After all, the information network is the world's largest. It's a piece of cake for them to circulate such convenient false information. The information at that time became the trigger to the war, isn't it? The Divine Word Religion wanted to start a war with the Goddess Religion, and the information that the Divine Beast that's worshiped by the Goddess Religion was subjugated by someone was too convenient. If they make this as the things that they did, it can be used in the friction with the Goddess Religion」

『They were manipulated successfully by the false information, isn't it?』

「That's right. Well, even if there's no such thing, the Goddess Religion might have been driven to the situation that can't help but to start a war. It's sooner or later. As Shiro-chan says, Shiro-chan was only really used as an excuse, and she has no relation with the Divine Word Religion at all」

No way.

Then, the war itself happened was a mistake?

But, as far as I listen to Ariel-san's story, either way, it will become a war.

Shiraori was only dragged into it.

Huh?

But, wait a minute.

『However, I heard that she appeared in the battlefield after that, and massacred without the distinction between enemies and allies』

「About that. Because I was not in that place, I don't know it in detail, but from what I investigated, it looks like Shiro-chan only attack the Divine Word Religion at first. After that, it becomes indiscriminately though. Well, when thinking about Shiro-chan's personality, didn't she counterattack because she was attacked from the Goddess Religion side? That girl, once she recognizes as the enemy, she won't show mercy」

『Why would the Goddess Religion who's the ally attack the Divine Beast!? Isn't that impossible!』

「It's hard to say. When seeing from us, the Humans are very weak. The body and also the mind. When there's a powerful existence that massacres the enemy mercilessly, and furthermore, it's in the form of being worshiped as the Divine Beast, it's a monster. The conversation can't be done and the actions can't be understood. If such existence exhibits tyranny in front of them, it's possible that they can attack with an impulse. Moreover, Shiro-chan should have the Intimidation skill. It might be a natural flow that the soldiers who were confused by fear run wild」

Then, what?

If that's true, is the situation of the Sariera country now is suffering the consequences of their own actions?

Because they betrayed and attacked the Divine Beast who's the ally.

The army is destroyed partially because of the retribution.

I won't accept such a thing.

「Well, you probably can't agree with it. I can't say anything because this is only my guess. However, I want you to remember this. Although Shiro-chan was in a situation that she can't move for some time, at the moment when she can move, she came running to save you in a hurry. Although she will deny it even if you ask her, it seemed that she was considerably worried about you」

However, but.

I, even if you say such a thing, my feelings can't be switched at once.

「Well, why don't you open your heart gradually when we are traveling together?」

When I was about to nod to Ariel-san's words, I suddenly desist from doing it.

Something had gone out from the white cocoon.

That's the feet.

Long white spider's feet.

That goes out by pushing through the threads of the cocoon.

The one who appeared was Shiraori who has a lower body of the spider.

She comes out of the cocoon and stretches.

The spider's feet stretch.

And, immediately after that, it disappeared into the long robe like being sucked.

What kind of structure is she? Her appearance is a normal human already.

But, that appearance a while ago is a complete monster!

Open my heart to that?

Can I?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-15: Announcing the little girl abuse warning officially
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 15 Announcing the little girl abuse warning officially

I-I will die.

I will seriously die.

It's only one day since I begin to act with Ariel-san and Shiraori.

I was about to die on the first day.

The cause was Shiraori.

When it's the time to depart in the morning, she stopped Merazofis when he was going to hold me up in his arms.

Saying only a single word, 「Walk」.

Even if Merazofis asks for the reason, she doesn't answer.

She handed over a bottle with red liquid to Merazofis instead.

The contents might be blood.

I heard a little from Ariel-san about the Vampire.

Because I seemed to be a True Ancestor, it seems that I have overcome the weakness as the Vampire.

That's why, even if I'm shined by the sunlight, I will be alright even if I don't drink blood.

But, Merazofis is different.

Although Merazofis seems to also be special among the Vampire, he will receive damage if he's shined by the sun, and if he doesn't drink blood, it's impossible to live.

Because it seems that he receives the damage to the extent that a normal Vampire will die just by the sunlight, I think that Merazofis is fairly better when compared with it.

According to Ariel-san, because a skill called 「Automatic HP Recovery」 is acquired when becoming a Vampire, the damage can be offset even if staying on the outside if the person wear the garments that suppress the exposure of skin and a hat.

Therefore, Merazofis wears the white hat that Shiraori made.

Because his clothes worn originally were torn by yesterday's riot, Shiraori made a white shirt and a white trousers. He's now in a white appearance.

The Vampire has a dark image though.

Merazofis who became brilliant white similar to Shiraori stands out very much holding a red bottle.

It was not my mistake in vision that his face became slightly stiff when he receives the bottle.

What surprised me is when we depart, the tent, tableware, etc, were stored completely in a different space by Shiraori.

Although I heard that the Space Magic is considerably valuable, Shiraori used it casually.

Even though she's said to have died twice, the reason why she's alive might be this.

She might have pretended to die and escape with Transfer.

And, we depart, and I continued walking even if my legs tremble.

I'm still a baby though....

Will a person make a baby who's not even two years old to walk in the forest?

Is it because I'm a reincarnated person? Or, is it because I'm a Vampire? I can walk more or less than my age, you know?

But, to hike suddenly in the forest, I wonder isn't the hurdle too high?

「Ojou-sama, are you alright?」

Merazofis's question that I don't even know how many times is it.

I think that I heard the same words at least four or five times.

「I'm not alright」

(TL note: This was not properly said. Because I don't know how to make this sentence hard to catch, I translated it into what she's saying)

It becomes extremely hard to catch because of my lisping originally and the tiredness.

Only the sound that almost got hoarse was emitted.

Although I don't know whether Merazofis catches it or now, either way, he can't do anything even if he caught it.

Because Shiraori doesn't let him to do anything.

Although Merazofis tried to hold me up in his arms many times and tried to pull me, Shiraori stopped all of them.

Because she only shake her head silently, I don't know what's her purpose, but that determined attitude gives a true account to me to walk by myself.

I don't understand it.

Ariel-san doesn't help me either.

She only gave an encouragement 「Do your best」 like somebody else's problem.

Though it might be actually somebody else's problem.

That's why, half a day since the morning, I walked in the forest all the time.

The blood blisters were made on the feet on the way, cut by the tree branches, and fall down and scratches were made, but it seemed that I have the 「Automatic HP Recovery」 skill, and such wounds disappeared when time passed.

While that may be true, even if the wounds recover, the tiredness can't disappear.

When we stopped to eat lunch, I can only barely stand.

I think that I can't even stand if I don't have the handy tree branch that I picked up on the way.

I slowly sit with my trembling legs.

I understand it for the first time in my life that even sitting is difficult when reaching the limit.

Because I overdone it too much, I acquired new skills like 「Endurance」 「Agility」 「SP Recovery Speed」 「SP Consumption Down」.

Although I didn't understand what the SP is, according to the situation, I think that it's the status related to the stamina.

Although it seems that Shiraori cooked last night, Ariel-san seems to cook this time.

I confirm whether there's something strange mixed in the ingredients that Shiraori took out from a different space.

Although the breakfast was proper, I can't be careless.

Because the ingredients passed were normal, I feel relieved for the time being.

「Leave it to me」

「Are you really doing this?」

Although it was such a conversation between Shiraori and Ariel-san, the tired me sat down in the state of completely exhausted.

Ariel-san begins to cook.

Is it the Water Magic? A water ball appears out of nowhere, and falls into the pot.

Even though the pot doesn't have fuel, the generated fire heats it.

When I see such a spectacle, I'm made to fully realize that this is a different world.

She cuts the vegetables to the same size, and put it into the pot.

She puts seasoning, and a sweet-smelling smell wafts from the boiling pot.

Although I was too tired and don't have the appetite to eat until just now, my stomach sounded small like my body is honest.

I think that it can't be heard on the outside because of the Silent skill.

I didn't think that this skill was useful for usual life.

While boiling the pot, Ariel-san mixes the dried potato-like vegetable flour and water, sprinkles salt lightly, and kneads it.

And there, even more kinds of flours are mixed, the completed batter is stretched thinly and baked it.

It's the one similar like the Naan in the Earth.

Together with the soup that finished boiled, lunch was completed.

「「「「Itadakimasu」」」」

The Japanese style greetings are taught to Merazofis, and everyone matches the voice.

I dip the pseudo-Naan in the soup, and eat it.

Eh, bitter!?

What's this?

Although it's possible to endure it, it's bitter.

To be honest, it's not delicious.

But, if such thing is said, it's rude to Ariel-san who made it.

So, Merazofis, what's wrong?

Somehow, you look pale though?

Although his complexion became more paler after becoming a Vampire, he's becomes even more paler, and he's ghastly pale now.

「Don't worry, don't worry. I have diluted it to the extent that you won't die」

「Ojou-sama! You must not eat it! It's poison!」

On contrary to Ariel-san's soft and comfortable voice, Merazofis shouts in a hurry.

「I'm saying that it's alright. Because Sophia-chan has the Abnormal Condition Resistance. This is the meal to raise the Poison Resistance, you know? There's no problem because I have calculated and adjusted the poison's strength properly so that you won't die. But, I will have you to ignore that it taste bad though」

Eh, is this really poisoned?

「It's fine even if you don't want to eat, but I don't care even if you starve to death, you know?」

Ariel-san says so like refusing bluntly, and ate the poisoned meal while sticking out her tongue.

On her side, Shiraori eats everything like it's natural.

I exchange glances with Merazofis.

「Let's eat」

「Yes, understood」

Either way, our life-and-death power is on their hands.

We can only eat it obediently.

And, Merazofis and I ate the poisoned meal completely.

As Ariel-san says, my Abnormal Condition Resistance rose by one level, and it seems that Merazofis gained the Poison Resistance skill.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter smth-1: Something really, really unpleasant happen.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Something really, really unpleasant happen.

Read the author note, then only decide whether you want to read it or not.

Oni 5 The trampled one

※There's cruel description and displeasing development. Those who are not good at it are recommended to return.

Author note: But still, those who are fine with it, please go on.

Even if there's a lot of selection available for the Goblins who go out to hunt, I didn't stop the Weapon Creation.

First of all, the weapons created by Weapon Creation will break and disappear when the durability value becomes 0.

Although the durability value decreases little by little whenever the weapon is used, it decreases gradually.

Because the way that the Goblins who had not used proper weapons to fight up until now is fighting will all their strength, there was a lot of decrease in the durability value.

That's why, it's necessary to exchange it for a new one when the durability value decreases.

Although the durability value can be recovered if it's me, it was more efficient to create new weapons in that case.

Following the weapons are the farming tools and living ware.

While trying variously, "Weapon?", I have created such doubtful one.

Because the sickle is an edged tool and there's even such weapon called sickle and chain, I can understand why it can be created.

But, how about the shovel?

Because there's the story saying that it took people's live more than the gun in the battlefield, it's not necessarily wrong, isn't it?

But, I think that a crowbar is absolutely aiming for laughs.

Like that, if I create more, the skill level rises.

Naturally, because the better ones are able to be created if the skill level rises, it's exchanged with the old ones.

Like that, the skill level rose again while creating new things.

The true chain had occurred in this way.

The rate of returning alive of the Goblins who went out to hunt rose considerably.

They expanded the range that they can act, and the food brought back has increased.

Thanks to that, those who die of hunger have decreased.

The scale of the field has extended because of the farming tools can be created.

Although there's no such thing like the domestic affairs cheat, the village improves gradually.

And, I'm contributing to it.

I was happy.

I kept creating innocently.

Without knowing that the end will come soon.

At that day, I kept creating in a special hut.

It's the hut that was specially built for me so that I can concentrate in work.

Considerable concentration is needed for Creation.

Enough that I can't know about the surroundings at all in the middle of Creation.

I completed a katana by Creation.

Katana that needs skill that can cut delicately is not suitable for the Goblins who fight with all their strength.

But, after all, I think that now that I can create it, I want to try to create it is the charm of the Japanese sword.

Because it was also the time when the weapons and the farming tools don't need to be created in a hurry, I created that katana.

I created it, and when I raise it up to see the result, I noticed it.

The outside is awfully noisy.

I had a bad feeling.

I go out of the hut while holding the katana.

There was a hell there.

It's the human.

Humans had attacked.

Countless Goblins fell at the humans' feet.

Although the Goblin warriors are resisting desperately now, are the humans stronger? They were on losing ground.

No, not only that.

There are several monsters mixed in the humans.

To be allying the humans means that they might have been tamed.

「Razraz! Get into the hut!」

Razaraza-nii comes along with my younger sister, and pushes me back into the hut.

I tremble together with my younger sister in the hut.

I'm scared.

Although if it's only fight, I did many times in the previous life, I didn't kill a person before.

Although I have resolved that I might die when I go out to hunt someday, that's still a matter for the future.

There's no way that I can be resolved suddenly like this.

My younger sister trembles.

My younger sister can't even talk properly yet.

Even if the growth is fast, the growth of the inside is not that fast.

Speaking it with the human, she's still a baby.

Get a hold of myself!

If something happens, I must protect my younger sister.

I hold the katana and stare at the door of the hut.

How many were there like that? The door opened slowly.

It was the human who opened the door.

I swing down the katana without hesitation.

The katana was repelled by the man's sword easily.

With my powerless arms, I can't fight with him at all.

The man muttered something.

But, it's the word different from the language that the Goblins use, so I didn't understand the content.

I felt a chill like my whole body is being groped.

The man squints.

Although I don't know what he's doing, it's a chance.

I tried to swing the katana once again, but the man's kick blew off my body faster than that.

The katana parts from my hand.

My consciousness seems to fly by the pain.

The man presses down the head of me who fell face up with his hand like attacking a routed enemy.

At the next moment, something flowed into me.

「N? Gii!?」

The shrill voice came out of my mouth instinctively.

What's this!?

The unpleasant feelings and the pain surge into my body like the impurities are being poured into me.

At the same time, a strange feeling like my consciousness is being dyed attacks me.

I clench my teeth and endure it.

Although I somehow kept my consciousness, my body becomes weaker steadily.

Even though I had struggled to shake off the man's hand, I grow weaker.

In the edge of my view, I saw that my younger sister is standing stock still without being able to move.

Although I wanted to say "Run away", my mouth won't move.

The man separate his hand.

And yet, my body won't move as I want completely.

Even if I want to stand, there's no strength to do it, and I can't even move a finger.

It's like the body is not mine.

The man said something.

I can't understand the meaning of the word.

Even though I can't, I understand that I'm told to 「Stand」.

According to the man's word, my body gets up.

My body that didn't move as I want that much obeyed the man's word.

The game knowledge of the previous life emerges in the corner of the confused head.

The tame ability that can subdue the monsters.

The monsters were attacking the Goblins with the humans a while ago.

Don't tell me this man has the power to subdue monsters?

Then, I'm manipulated by this man!?

The man looks at me and nods satisfactorily.

And, he looks at my younger sister.

And, he opened his mouth.

「Kill it」

Please stop!

Please wait!

I can't do such a thing!

And yet, my body picks up the dropped katana against my will.

My body approaches slowly in front of my younger sister who's completely scared.

Please stop!

Stop!

Stop, body!

The katana swung downward dyed my younger sister's body to red.

Ah, AAAAAAAaaaAaaaAAAAAAAAaaaaAAAaaA!!!!?!!

《Conditions met. Title 『Ally Killer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ally Killer』, skill 『Heresy Attack LV1』 『Taboo LV1』 was acquired》

What have I done!

What have I done!

I...with the weapon...created by me!

「Eat it」

What?

Wait.

What are you saying?

Oi?

It's a joke, right?

No way.

Stop!

Please make me stop!?

《Conditions met. Title 『Blood Relative Eater』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Blood Relative Eater』, skill 『Taboo LV1』 『Heresy Magic LV1』 was acquired》

《『Taboo LV1』 has unified with 『Taboo LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV1』 has become 『Taboo LV2』》

My mouth dyes in red.

At the same time, in my head too.

I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! 《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Anger LV1』》 I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! 《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Anger LV1』 has become 『Anger LV2』》 I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you!

I bear the killing intent that seems to go mad.

And yet, my body continued to obey the man's order faithfully.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-16: Along the way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 16 Along the way

Finally, finally, we have reached the place where there's people.

It was long to here.

It was painful to here.

It was harsh to here.

Finally, I can take a rest.

The way to here was really steep.

Just when I thought that I finally reached the proper road after walking the roadless forest endlessly and going through the meadows where the grass is higher than a human's height, I have to increase the pace.

I seriously thought that I might die of overwork at this age.

If Shiraori didn't make me learn the skill called Magic Combat Act in the forest, I might not be able to reach here.

The Magic Combat Act that consumes MP to strengthen the physical strength.

Shiraori made me learn it forcibly.

In the morning, just when I thought that she suddenly hold my hand, she manipulates my magical power arbitrarily and activates the Magic Combat Act.

「Maintain it like that」

Because the Magic Combat Act was almost canceled immediately when she separates her hand, I had a hard fight to maintain it as I'm told.

As a result, I was able to acquire the Magic Combat Act skill.

Thanks to that, the movement along the way became easier to some extent.

However, because the Magic Combat Act consumes MP, I can't use it continuously. And, because the pace was raised when I used the Magic Combat Act, I don't feel that it became too easy.

Nevertheless, I wonder how high is her skill level of the Magic Manipulation to be able to manipulate other people's magical power?

At least, because I can't manipulate other people's magical power, it's certain that her skill level is higher than me.

Although it's impossible by all means, her skill level has not reached max level, right?

Certainly not.

At the meadows, I have to advance while push my through the tall grass that has grown thickly all around with my hands.

Although I thought that why there's no route that's a little more proper, we moved through the trackless path in the forest, and we might be advancing the place where people don't come.

Power is considerably needed to push my way through the grass, and I acquired the skill called 「Powerful」 before I know it.

Moreover, because I touched the hard grass bare-handed, everywhere was cut, and the Automatic HP Recovery recovered it repeatedly.

Thanks to that, I acquired the skills called 「Life」 and 「Sturdy」, and the skill level of the Automatic HP Recovery rose too.

And, as usual, the meal is poisoned.

Furthermore, the strength of the poison strengthens every day.

The only relief is that the ingredients are normal, and although it's terribly bitter, it's possible to eat it.

When I ate the poisoned menu several times, I received a title called 「Gross Feeder」.

It seems that title can be acquired by taking a specific action.

I hear that there's no loss to take it because skills can be received for free and there's a lot of titles that have special effects.

But, something like Gross Feeder, the sound is bad.

The skills received by the Gross Feeder are 「Poison Resistance」 and 「Corrosion Resistance」.

The Poison Resistance was unified with the Abnormal Condition Resistance that I had originally.

According to Shiraori, the important one seems to be Corrosion Resistance.

Even though she's always taciturn, she talked about the fear of the corrosion attribute considerably talkative at this time.

I'm told that it's the attribute that rules death, and when a person receives the attack endowed with that attribute, the body seems to become dust and disappears.

Moreover, it's a dangerous attribute that if the attacking side doesn't have the resistance, it will even cause damage to the attacking side.

Because the power is too high and it's an attribute that the resistance can't be raised easily, the Gross Feeder title that gives the resistance is valuable.

By the way, it seems that the effect of the Gross Feeder title just makes the person harder to have an upset stomach.

It's plainly effective.

As a matter of course, Merazofis who had ate the same meal as me also received the Gross Feeder title.

Because Merazofis is taking the same actions as me, it seems that his skill rose as much as me.

However, because Merazofis who's an adult has the composure unlike me who's a baby, it seems that his rising way is more lenient than me.

Merazofis drinks that red liquid passed by Shiraori whenever taking a meal.

The contents are the blood of the Elves.

Shiraori ate at the first day.. Let's stop it, any further than this makes me feel sick.

Anyway, Merazofis must take blood regularly unlike me.

It seems that anythings is fine if it's blood.

That's why, Ariel-san proposed that when the blood of the Elves finished, he should just hunt a monster suitably and drink the blood.

But, after all, there seemed to be resistance in drinking blood for Merazofis, and it won't finished because he only drank it little by little.

However, because the amount of the blood drunk was little, Merazofis turned paler day by day.

Even if I ask him, he only said 「I'm alright」, but it was obvious that he's weakening.

Having said that, I can't force him to drink blood.

I who don't need to drink blood even though I'm the same Vampire have only drank Merazofis's blood.

I don't think that I want to drink.

Even if such me told him to drink, it's not persuasive.

Although I might have the right to say it if I tasted the same suffering, that means I must also drink blood.

I didn't have the resolution.

That's why, it's a godsend that we reached the town before Merazofis really falls.

Incidentally, I was made to run after getting out to the highway.

Of course, it's only limited when there's no people.

I acquired the 「Dash」 skill.

The skill level of the Magic Combat Act rose, and because I kept using the Magic Combat Act, the skill level of Magic Perception and Magic Manipulation rose, and the Magic Amount, MP Consumption Down, and MP Recovery speed skills are newly acquired.

After coming this far, as expected, Shiraori's aim comes into view.

I think that Shiraori was trying to increase my skills.

Although I don't know what for, is it to increase the means of self-defense?

Then, I must express my gratitude.

Although I don't, when thinking of the painful way to here, I can't do such a thing obediently.

For the time being, now that the journey like hell has done, there's one thing I want to say.

Let me rest at ease for today.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Something really, really unpleasant happen.

Read the author note, then only decide whether you want to read it or not.

Oni 5 The trampled one

※There's cruel description and displeasing development. Those who are not good at it are recommended to return.

Author note: But still, those who are fine with it, please go on.

Even if there's a lot of selection available for the Goblins who go out to hunt, I didn't stop the Weapon Creation.

First of all, the weapons created by Weapon Creation will break and disappear when the durability value becomes 0.

Although the durability value decreases little by little whenever the weapon is used, it decreases gradually.

Because the way that the Goblins who had not used proper weapons to fight up until now is fighting will all their strength, there was a lot of decrease in the durability value.

That's why, it's necessary to exchange it for a new one when the durability value decreases.

Although the durability value can be recovered if it's me, it was more efficient to create new weapons in that case.

Following the weapons are the farming tools and living ware.

While trying variously, "Weapon?", I have created such doubtful one.

Because the sickle is an edged tool and there's even such weapon called sickle and chain, I can understand why it can be created.

But, how about the shovel?

Because there's the story saying that it took people's live more than the gun in the battlefield, it's not necessarily wrong, isn't it?

But, I think that a crowbar is absolutely aiming for laughs.

Like that, if I create more, the skill level rises.

Naturally, because the better ones are able to be created if the skill level rises, it's exchanged with the old ones.

Like that, the skill level rose again while creating new things.

The true chain had occurred in this way.

The rate of returning alive of the Goblins who went out to hunt rose considerably.

They expanded the range that they can act, and the food brought back has increased.

Thanks to that, those who die of hunger have decreased.

The scale of the field has extended because of the farming tools can be created.

Although there's no such thing like the domestic affairs cheat, the village improves gradually.

And, I'm contributing to it.

I was happy.

I kept creating innocently.

Without knowing that the end will come soon.

At that day, I kept creating in a special hut.

It's the hut that was specially built for me so that I can concentrate in work.

Considerable concentration is needed for Creation.

Enough that I can't know about the surroundings at all in the middle of Creation.

I completed a katana by Creation.

Katana that needs skill that can cut delicately is not suitable for the Goblins who fight with all their strength.

But, after all, I think that now that I can create it, I want to try to create it is the charm of the Japanese sword.

Because it was also the time when the weapons and the farming tools don't need to be created in a hurry, I created that katana.

I created it, and when I raise it up to see the result, I noticed it.

The outside is awfully noisy.

I had a bad feeling.

I go out of the hut while holding the katana.

There was a hell there.

It's the human.

Humans had attacked.

Countless Goblins fell at the humans' feet.

Although the Goblin warriors are resisting desperately now, are the humans stronger? They were on losing ground.

No, not only that.

There are several monsters mixed in the humans.

To be allying the humans means that they might have been tamed.

「Razraz! Get into the hut!」

Razaraza-nii comes along with my younger sister, and pushes me back into the hut.

I tremble together with my younger sister in the hut.

I'm scared.

Although if it's only fight, I did many times in the previous life, I didn't kill a person before.

Although I have resolved that I might die when I go out to hunt someday, that's still a matter for the future.

There's no way that I can be resolved suddenly like this.

My younger sister trembles.

My younger sister can't even talk properly yet.

Even if the growth is fast, the growth of the inside is not that fast.

Speaking it with the human, she's still a baby.

Get a hold of myself!

If something happens, I must protect my younger sister.

I hold the katana and stare at the door of the hut.

How many were there like that? The door opened slowly.

It was the human who opened the door.

I swing down the katana without hesitation.

The katana was repelled by the man's sword easily.

With my powerless arms, I can't fight with him at all.

The man muttered something.

But, it's the word different from the language that the Goblins use, so I didn't understand the content.

I felt a chill like my whole body is being groped.

The man squints.

Although I don't know what he's doing, it's a chance.

I tried to swing the katana once again, but the man's kick blew off my body faster than that.

The katana parts from my hand.

My consciousness seems to fly by the pain.

The man presses down the head of me who fell face up with his hand like attacking a routed enemy.

At the next moment, something flowed into me.

「N? Gii!?」

The shrill voice came out of my mouth instinctively.

What's this!?

The unpleasant feelings and the pain surge into my body like the impurities are being poured into me.

At the same time, a strange feeling like my consciousness is being dyed attacks me.

I clench my teeth and endure it.

Although I somehow kept my consciousness, my body becomes weaker steadily.

Even though I had struggled to shake off the man's hand, I grow weaker.

In the edge of my view, I saw that my younger sister is standing stock still without being able to move.

Although I wanted to say "Run away", my mouth won't move.

The man separate his hand.

And yet, my body won't move as I want completely.

Even if I want to stand, there's no strength to do it, and I can't even move a finger.

It's like the body is not mine.

The man said something.

I can't understand the meaning of the word.

Even though I can't, I understand that I'm told to 「Stand」.

According to the man's word, my body gets up.

My body that didn't move as I want that much obeyed the man's word.

The game knowledge of the previous life emerges in the corner of the confused head.

The tame ability that can subdue the monsters.

The monsters were attacking the Goblins with the humans a while ago.

Don't tell me this man has the power to subdue monsters?

Then, I'm manipulated by this man!?

The man looks at me and nods satisfactorily.

And, he looks at my younger sister.

And, he opened his mouth.

「Kill it」

Please stop!

Please wait!

I can't do such a thing!

And yet, my body picks up the dropped katana against my will.

My body approaches slowly in front of my younger sister who's completely scared.

Please stop!

Stop!

Stop, body!

The katana swung downward dyed my younger sister's body to red.

Ah, AAAAAAAaaaAaaaAAAAAAAAaaaaAAAaaA!!!!?!!

《Conditions met. Title 『Ally Killer』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ally Killer』, skill 『Heresy Attack LV1』 『Taboo LV1』 was acquired》

What have I done!

What have I done!

I...with the weapon...created by me!

「Eat it」

What?

Wait.

What are you saying?

Oi?

It's a joke, right?

No way.

Stop!

Please make me stop!?

《Conditions met. Title 『Blood Relative Eater』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Blood Relative Eater』, skill 『Taboo LV1』 『Heresy Magic LV1』 was acquired》

《『Taboo LV1』 has unified with 『Taboo LV1』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV1』 has become 『Taboo LV2』》

My mouth dyes in red.

At the same time, in my head too.

I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! 《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Anger LV1』》 I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! 《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Anger LV1』 has become 『Anger LV2』》 I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you! I will kill you!

I bear the killing intent that seems to go mad.

And yet, my body continued to obey the man's order faithfully.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-17: anged two things.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Changed two things.

First is the name of the Eighth Commander of the Demon King Army is changed to Wrath. This is because this person is highly probable to be Razraz/Kyouya, and the name sounds the same. But still, it's not confirmed yet, I think.

The second one is related to this chapter. Changed Areius to Aleius. Nothing much. Just one letter.

Blood 17 The Demon King of money

When we reached the town, we went to the inn directly first.

As expected, I'm hold in Merazofis's arms in the town.

Something like a self-propelled baby is too strange no matter how fantasy is the world.

Well, even without that, we are a group that stands out.

First of all, because Merazofis is in a full pure white appearance with a pale face, he can only be seen as a ghost or something.

Because he's actually a Vampire, it's pretty close.

And, such Merazofis is holding me who's a baby.

At this point in time, it's already an out variously.

And, together with the parent and child is two bishoujo.

Especially, the glance of men concentrated on Shiraori is impressive.

It's obvious!

This person nabbed the boys' glance from the previous life even if she's like this after all.

Because of this person, an adverse effect that the number of boys and girls coupling was little came out even though it's coeducation.

When you ask why, it's because when there's such a flower on a high peak nearby, the boys will expect even a little.

There was a lot of fools who had the naive expectations "possibly".

Even if it's not so, they will compare her by all means.

Thanks to that, there were pitiful couples who started to date but they breakup shortly.

There was also a pitiful victim who holds faint love to this person in the heart in our class, but she don't even look at them.

But then, that person does backbiting and trifling harassment afterwards, it returned to the assailant, so it's not worth to sympathize.

The beautiful face that drives men mad is still there even if she's reborn.

Moreover, because her eyes are shut, it brings about a mysterious atmosphere, and it gives impetus to collect glances.

Although I have been together with her all the time for these several days, she have not opened her eyes yet. I wonder why does she always shut her eyes?

Although I'm interested in it, she definitely won't answer even if I ask.

We reach the inn while enduring the curious glances.

When I heard the conversation which one of the girls is my mother, I really thought what should I do.

Because both are not.

No matter how you look at it, both Ariel-san and Shiraori are in the teens.

Ah, but it might be not strange that even a teen is a parent in this world.

Ariel-san paid the price of the inn.

Passing only one coin to the receptionist.

Is one enough?

Although I thought of the question, the receptionist panicked terribly.

「Keep the change」

When hearing such words, that coin seems to be a very valuable thing.

But, from the panicking manner of the receptionist in the inn and Ariel-san's attitude, I wonder isn't that coin the Aleius gold coin?

When I strain my eyes and see it properly, the design of a person carrying a book.

That design is the Aleius gold coin.

Although it's the first time for me to see the real thing, it's certain because I read it before in the book with illustration in the study room.

The notes are not developed in this world, and the coins are mainly used as money.

The ones used among that are the Aleius coin that's said a while ago, the Rengzant coin issued by the empire, the Sariera coin issued by the Goddess Religion, and the Okut coin that's used widely in the Daztoldia continent. These four kinds are the generally used largely.

Although there are also minor currencies, it's impossible to use the currency in the region where the currency is not used.

Although the Demon coin and ancient coin are an exception that those are deal with high prices, there's no one who use it usually.

Even if it's the four kinds mentioned a while ago, it can't be used if the region changed, and the value can drop remarkably.

The Okut coin doesn't worth much in this Kasanagara continent.

Although it's possible to convert it with a reasonable price when going to a big town, in case of the small village, it can't be used mostly.

On the contrary, although the Rengzant coin has high value here, it seems that the value drops in the Daztoldia continent.

The Sariera coin can only be used in the Goddess Religion's region, and it's not strange that the value drops sharply by the recent defeat.

Among such coins, the Aleius coin is used extremely wide, and the value is high that much.

In case of saying simply in coins, the Aleius coin is often indicated.

The reason is because the Aleius coin is the coin issued by the Divine Word Religion.

The Divine Word Religion is widely familiarized to the Humans.

Because of the that, this coin is used widely, and it can be used in most countries.

With that alone, the value rises more than the other coins.

If it's the Aleius gold coin, it's possible to stay in the inn as long as one likes with only one coin.

When seeing the price list, 1 night is 1 Rengzant silver coin.

100 Rengzant silver coins equal to 1 gold coin.

The market price of the Rengzant gold coin and the Aleius gold coin is about ten times.

In other words, the amount of 1000 nights that we can stay in this inn was paid.

When I see the appearance of the person of the inn who lowers his head respectfully while sweating, the hand that holds the gold coin trembled at a terrible pace.

This self-proclaimed Demon King person is seriously an amazing person even though it's unimaginable from her usual joking attitude.

By the way, we plan to stay in this town for about two or three days.

The inn earns a huge profit.

I mean, Ariel-san, aren't you too generous?

I wonder if her purse is alright or not?

「Don't worry, don't worry. Such a small amount of money is nothing」

Was my uneasiness felt? She said so with a slightly self-satisfied look.

I wonder did it come out so much in my face?

I mean, it's a small amount of money, huh?

Although I feel that I want to ask how much is Ariel-san's total assets, I also feel scared to ask.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-18: Abnormal Condition 「Drunkard」
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 18 Abnormal Condition 「Drunkard」

I find myself now in an extraordinary pinch.

「Only a little, just the tip only!」

In front of me is the worst enemy.

Ariel-san and Merazofis are made to faint.

「I will recover you soon! Okay? So, it's fine, right?」

Frankly speaking, it's the crisis of life.

「Let me eat!」

At this rate, I will be eaten!?

Returning the time a little.

We who have reached the inn divide into two groups and acted.

Merazofis and I are the standby group.

Ariel-san and Shiraori are the shopping group.

After the shopping group entered the room, they went out immediately.

On that occasion, Shiraori summoned three white spiders and left them there.

The size is about the adult's palm, a large spider like the tarantula in the Earth.

Because there seems to be spider monster of the size like the monster that lightly exceeds the human in this world, I think that it's still the ordinary size and appearance.

Although I think so, I'm not a spider lover that I can be relieved in a room with such spider.

Rather, it's unpleasant, and I hate it.

Although it's probably for the guard, I can't calm down.

When I appraise it, it's eerie and scary that 『Impossible to appraise』 is displayed.

Frankly speaking, the Appraisal is a useless skill, but I have the habit of appraising the the things that attracted my interest somehow.

Even if I appraise, mostly, nothing is understood in the end.

But, even though a fairly amount of time has passed after I acquire the Appraisal skill, the skill level doesn't rise.

Although it might be convenient if the level rises, the way to there is too far that I can't have the motivation to raise it.

I avoid the spiders wandering around slowly on their own way, and climb to the bed.

The room that Ariel-san had taken was a large room that was made using one floor at the top floor of the inn.

There are six beds, it's made that it can be enclosed with the partition.

Surprisingly, it comes with the bathroom.

This world doesn't have water service like Japan.

The commoners generally use the well water and the water of the river, while the nobles and some rich people uses the magic tool that can generate water in the house.

My house used a low grade magic tool.

Using such a magic tool means that this inn is a considerably high status place, isn't it?

There's a bath means that there's the magic tool that heats the hot bath. Even with that only, it's a fortune for the commoners.

The thing called magic tool is refined by using the special skills called Ability Granting and Magic Granting.

It seems that both skills need a considerable time to be acquired, and the people who have these skills are a little.

Moreover, even if they have, it seems that the people who make magic tools among that is only a handful.

Because granting seems to need a terrible amount of time and labor.

There's such a reason, and even the low graded ones, the magic tool cost a lot.

This room might used more money than the noble's mansion.

In such a gorgeous room, I who was enjoying the bed after a long time slept before I know it.

There was the tiredness along the way to here too, above all, the mental tiredness of having lost my hometown surged just as I was exhausted.

From now on, what will happen?

Such vague uneasiness.

I will follow Ariel-san to the border of the Humans territory and the Demons territory.

I can spend till then with complicity like now.

But, I must decide it from there on.

Continue the life on the run while staying in the Humans territory with Merazofis without getting anyone's help, or follow Ariel-san like this and walk into the unknown Demons territory.

Without reaching the conclusion, my consciousness disappeared in the doze.

I woke up by the smell that tickled my nasal cavity.

When I woke up, the big table is crowded with dishes.

「Ah, you woke up? I thought that I will wake you up soon. Let's have dinner」

Everyone sits down on the seat by Ariel-san's order.

On that occasion, I happened to see that Shiraori passed a new red liquid bottle to Merazofis.

「Then, itadakimasu」

「「「Itadakimasu」」」

「Today's dishes are without poison, so be relieved. Because Sophia-chan is a baby, you don't have to force yourself to eat it」

Although Ariel-san's advice is appreciated, not eating with this is cruel.

Eating the dishes without poison that after a long time.

Moreover, it's made from proper ingredients, and the high class feeling that it seemed to be made by a first class chef.

My cheek loosens instinctively with one bite.

Because I only ate baby food when I was in my house, it was the dish-like dish that's eaten properly for the first time after being reincarnated.

Delicious!

Why is Shiraori crying?

It's certainly delicious, but was it to the extent to cry?

Moreover, she eats while crying.

Aaah, the beautiful woman is messed up.

The large amount of dishes finished in a flash.

Although most of it disappeared into Shiraori's stomach, there's no appearance that her stomach swells.

What kind of different dimension stomach she have.

It's normal that the stomach will swell after eating in the laws of physics.

There's no need to have a beautiful woman correction at such a place.

The stomach of me who's shouting in my mind swelled.

It's painful.

But, it's a happiness.

Because I ate it after tasting it, the skill level of the Enhanced Five Senses rose.

I think that Merazofis's complexion has improved slightly.

I'm glad.

It was until here that I can thought so.

「Ah. Happiness」

I didn't know who said that at the beginning.

Because the condition of the completely melted voice didn't connect to that person's usual image.

If I see the direction of the voice, Shiraori had the face that can be applied with the word "nihera".

(TL note: 二ヘラ. Google this and you can find the face)

Her eyes are open.

She had creepy eyes that there are multiple pupils further in the pupil.

Moreover, it doesn't focus somehow, and the pupils turn round and round.

Shiraori drinks up the contents of the glass that she held.

And then, one breath.

Ah, it smells of alcohol.

Eh? Alcohol?

The one that she drank during the meal is not juice, but alcohol?

The one that I drank was a normal fruit juice though.

No need to guess, she's drunk.

The gap with the usual is intense, and when I see this weak state, it's definitely so.

Drink something like alcohol even though you're a minor.

「Maoo, seconds」

「Shiro-chan, why don't you stop around there?」

「Nooo! I still want to drink!」

「Even if you say that, the alcohol that was bought has finished」

「What?」

Giro.

Multiple pupils look at Ariel-san all at once.

Scary.

This seems to be seen in the dream.

「Buy it」

「Eh? As expected, buying it specially is troublesome. This enough for today. Okay?」

A chop sank into the face of Ariel-san who calms her as persuading her.

It's not a metaphor, and half of Shiraori's hand in the face.

Ariel-san who falls like that with the chair.

Shiraori who bursts out laughing seeing that appearance somehow.

Eh? Is Ariel-san okay?

「Don't worry, don't worry. I won't die, I won't die. I'm sorry if I die」

Are you really okay!?

Somehow, you're twitching though!?

「Don't worry because her Automatic HP Recovery reached max level. This, with only like this, which world's strongest class monster are you?」

Shiraori who talks unusually.

「I mean, how many skills improved?」

「Eh?」

「Skill, Sk-i-ll! It's super-inconvenient if the Appraisal can't be used though! Ah, do you have Appraisal? That's Appraisal-sama, okay? You must respect it, okay? If you don't have it, acquire it immediately. If you have it, appraise immediately anytime and anywhere. Do you have it?」

「I-I have it」

「Yay! Then, make sure to always appraise because it's super-convenient if the level rises」

「Y-Yes」

Who's this person who putting on the pressure?

It's not the Shiraori that I know.

「Next is the status up-type. That's amazing. Gracious Idaten. You should develop the skills whenever possible. This world is the law of the jungle. Power is everything, what a good era that the world has become. That's why, in order to repel the "Hyahha" pervert, power is necessary. Understand?」

「Ah, yes」

「If you're weak, you will die. Even if you're strong, you will be killed by a stronger guy. Then, you have no choice but to become stronger in all respects, isn't it?」

Somehow, only those words have the sound that can't be thrown away as a drunkard's nonsense.

「Seriously, you will be eaten when you're weak. Seriously. Nai wa. Something like if if I will get eaten, I will eat you. Ah, I remembered. Isn't the baby seems delicious because it's squishy?」

And, the hell time started.

Merazofis bravely confronted against Shiraori who approaches seriously.

He was easily repelled with a poke in the forehead though.

I ran away.

I ran away with my best.

But, I was caught easily.

So, this is weakness!

「Well then, itadakimasu」

Noooo!?

Ha!?

My arm?

I have it.

A dream, huh?

Ah, it was scary.

What a nightmare that my arm is eaten.

Somehow, I don't feel that I slept, so let's sleep again.

Good night.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 211: Vampire training plan
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

211 Vampire training plan

The time returns a little.

After 210

Mera lays the slept Vampire child in the tent courteously.

She might have been tired because a lot of things happened.

「Merazofis-kun, you also take a rest. You're considerably exhausted after becoming a Vampire. You should just discuss and decide what to do from now on with Ojou-chan」

「You are right. I will accept your kind offer」

Mera disappears into the tent.

「Now then. No matter what choice those children pick, the things that we're doing won't change. We only head to the Demons territory. Shiro-chan wants to go leisurely? Or, do you want to rush?」

「If it's leisurely, how long will it take?」

「About 3 years. If rush, it's about half a year. Ah, it's the standard here」

One year in this world was 411 days, right?

The three years in this world means that it doesn't reach three and a half years when converting to the Earth's calendar.

If we rush, it's half a year which is about 200 days.

Because there's no transportation like the car, rushing means running, but I can't insert a retort of "How long".

Well, a 3 years course, huh?

After all, the Vampire child will come along.

I mean, there are no other choices.

Selecting the other choices in this situation means that it's OK that she's a suicide applicant, right?

When thinking so, rushing to return is impossible.

Although it's nothing for the Demon King and me, there's no way the Vampire child and Mera can catch up with us.

Even if it's not like that, I want to go sightseeing, so I will go with the leisure course.

It's not that the world will ruin today or tomorrow.

「Let's go leisurely」

「I expect that Shiro-chan would say so」

Ah, yeah.

「By the way, did you appraise?」

「I did」

It's about the Vampire child and Mera.

As expected of the former half same existence.

On top of guessing what I wanted to say by tacit understanding immediately, she begins to write the appraisal result of the two people on a paper taken out of somewhere.

The passed paper, no, this is the thing that's made like a paper with threads.

Can the thread do things like this?

I will use it as a reference.

And so, I look at the written content in the passed thread paper.

Weak.

Ah, no.

When comparing them with the ordinary people, they are not weak.

In the first place, seeing from me, the entire Humans are weak, and the Vampire child is still a baby.

But, this is the status that will die immediately when being thrown into the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Can the Vampire child live with such a weak status?

Although she might get better if she grows up because she's a baby, when thinking about the human's weakness, even if she grow up like this...

Not to mention the Dragon class, even the Drake class is seen as an enough threat for the humans.

The present Vampire child seems to even be killed by the frog in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Although Mera has the status to some extent, still, if he encounter the snake, he can't win.

Hmm.

Should I train them a little?

Although I don't have such firm motivation, it might be considerably different if I train them a little while moving.

Un.

Let's do so.

The travel time might be able to be shortened if the status of Vampire child and Mera rises.

Above all, if they become able to protect themselves, there's no need to do it anymore.

I decided so, make a simple home and go to bed.

Before that, I transfer to every places where I laid my eggs and recover it.

Although all of them have hatched, I make them into my subordinates by the point of Kin Domination, or rather, I make them into a part of me and throw them into a different space.

It saved the trouble because they stayed obediently after hatching.

If such group has been released to the world, it would be a great tumult.

The Elro Babies?

They have grew up splendidly.

They will surely live strongly.

I mean, they probably their self have established by now, I can't recover them.

After this, they will surely be acknowledged as a new monster in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Well, none of my business.

Childcare abandonment or anything. Just say whatever you want.

I finish recovering most of them and return to the simple home, and this time, I'm going to bed.

Although I don't need to sleep in particular, if the sleep desire and appetite are omitted from me, nothing will remain.

Sleep, wake up, eat, sleep!

Un, healthy.

Thus, good night.

The movement begins on the next day.

I have the Vampire child to walk.

Although she's a baby, as long as I see her status, she shouldn't have any problems if it's only walking.

That's why, it's good to walk.

The monsters don't come near thanks to the Demon King's Intimidation, it's an easy work to only walk in the forest.

Although Mera said something and opposed it, why does he have to reject that much when it's only walking?

I ignore him.

I passed the bottle filled with the blood of the Elves to Mera.

Although the Vampire child is alright even if she doesn't drink blood because of the effect of the True Ancestor title, if Mera doesn't drink it, his status will fall steadily.

Although his face became stiff, I want him to give a clear-cut attitude because he must drink it.

When compared with me who only had poison as food, it's much better.

Ah, poison, huh?

Poison.

Fumu.

Raise their Poison Resistance, and on the occasion, let them acquire the Gross Feeder title, huh?

Sounds good.

They can acquire the Corrosion Resistance after all.

Thus, I consult the Demon King.

The Demon King has the Poison Synthesis skill, so she can create poison easily.

The slight poison to the extent that they won't die is synthesized, and if a meal is prepared with it, the poisoned dish is completed.

Let's have them to eat poisoned dish until the Gross Feeder title can be acquired.

The Vampire child and Mera reluctantly ate the poisoned dish completely.

The next day.

I taught the Magic Combat Act to the Vampire child and Mera.

The way to do it is easy.

I use my power to activate the Magic Combat Act forcibly, and have them only to maintain it.

Although it's only that, Mera had a little troubles in maintaining it.

Although the Vampire child succeeded in one time, Mera failed many times.

Is it because the skill level of the Magic Manipulation low?

I'm glad because he became able to do it in the end though.

In my case, I have to work it out from the start with feelings, so if they can't maintain it easily, I will be troubled.

Although I started this with a light feeling of "if they train a little, isn't that fine?", there seems to be full of troubles in the future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 212: Maou-sama's 3. hours cooking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

212 Maou-sama's 3 hours cooking

We arrived at the town.

Although that's good, the Vampire child's skills didn't grow so much on the way to here.

Although it seems that she acquired the Gross Feeder title, the growth of the skills is not very good.

Well, she only move simply, so there's no way that the skills will grow so easily, huh?

We went to the inn directly when we arrived at the town.

Because the Vampire child had a almost dead face, it's to let her rest.

Muu.

Did I feed her poison too much?

She has already acquire the Gross Feeder, so it's good to return the meals to normal, huh?

In addition, I also want to eat a proper dish by now.

After all, while the Vampire child is eating poison, I also eat poison on account of her.

That Demon King, even though I told her that make mine without poison, she said that it's unfair like that, and feed me with poison dishes.

But, that's also until here.

Let's fulfill the promise with the Demon King that to feed me with delicious things.

For the time being, the inn.

We search for the best inn in this town, and enter it without hesitation.

The Demon King passes a somewhat large tip, and rents the best room.

Leaving behind the Vampire child who seems to be in bad condition and Mera, the Demon King and I went shopping.

On that occasion, I summoned three clones made based on the young spiders that I recovered recently for house-watching, and left them there.

Because the recovered young spiders were in the condition that the self has not budded, I absorbed them as it is and use them as spare bodies unlike the Babies that have been left in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Although they are not strong individually, if there are three of them, they can at least repel the Dragon class.

Because the people in the inn received the Demon King's Intimidation, they will not do anything rash, but when humans be dazzled by money, you don't know what they will do.

And so, the shopping.

We're mainly buying foods.

In addition, we're buying the high grade ingredients generously.

The Demon King is rich.

However, the glances are irritating from a while ago.

After entering the town, I'm seen all the time.

I'm not a show.

Ah, I'm getting irritated.

I feel like I want to massacre the people who looks at me.

......Even if massacring is not good, isn't it okay if I select them?

Among the glances pointed at me, I perceived the evil one.

While the Demon King is busy shopping, I enter the back alley like running away from the owner of the glance.

I walk to a place where there's no people nonchalantly while window-shopping the back alley's shops.

Like I lose my way in an unfamiliar town.

When I reach the place where there's completely no people, I was attacked silently.

And, at the same time, the assailant's neck flew.

Although I only swing the Severing Thread lightly, the assailant died without being able to resist.

It was too disappointing that it didn't cancel my irritation.

Although I don't know why this guy attacked me, it's probably capture me and sell as a slave, or make me as the hostage to threaten the Demon King, or to vent his sexual desire.

Although it was a useless trash who can't even reduce my stress, because there's blood, I will collect the blood.

Although it's for Mera to drink, I want him to collect blood on his own by now.

The Demon King is pleased with him, and I take care of him as the Vampire child's extra, but to be frank, I'm not interested in him.

I finish the work quick, and throw the corpses into the different space that the spare bodies are stocked.

I feel that the spare bodies have begun to eat the corpse in the different space, and return to the Demon King.

However, this must be done somehow quick.

If I'm this irritated just by coming to the place where there's a lot of people, I don't know when I will explode.

There's Kuro too, so I will somehow endure massacring, but my feelings are the worst.

「Fuu. Bought, bought」

It seems that the Demon King's shopping finished while I was doing something pointless.

「End?」

「Un. This should be enough for today」

「What do you plan with buying the ingredients only?」

「Hmm? I will cook, you know?」

What?

I certainly thought that this town's first class chef will be called to cook, but the Demon King does it?

「Fufufu. I don't live a long life just for show. Let me say this, I declare that my cooking ability is several steps higher than the chef anywhere」

Ho.

Very well.

Then, show me your ability.

The Demon King who returned to the inn reserved the inn's kitchen, and started to cook.

I returned to the room, and waited for the dish to complete impatiently.

It took three hours.

It was after three hours that the Demon King carried the dishes to the room borrowing the power of the inn's staffs.

I waited.

I waited all the time.

Well done, I who have endured until here.

Because the sleeping Vampire child woke up by the smell, everyone sits at the table.

「Then, itadakimasu」

「「「Itadakimasu」」」

I set my hands to the long-awaited dishes.

First of all, start from the fish.

!?

D-Delicious!

At the moment it enters the mouth, the taste of a thick sauce fills.

Although the taste is close to the mayonnaise, it's a more elegant and mild taste.

And, in spite of the thick taste, the fish's original umami oozes out firmly, and intertwined with the sauce.

I ate such a delicious thing for the first time in my life.

Ah, come to think of it, I never ate a normal dish before.

Only the sweetness of the fruits and sweets that I received as the offerings.

Eating a proper dish without poison like this is really the first time in my life.

When thinking so, I cried.

I ate while tasting it one by one.

Although I felt that it became a little salty because of the tears, the alcohol advanced there accordingly.

Good morning.

Huh?

When did I make a simple home?

The bed was covered with a white cocoon.

I mean, when did I sleep?

Hmm?

My memory flew.

Although I remember that I was impressed by the Demon King's homemade dishes and I ate it, there's no memory from the midway.

Did I get drunk and sleep?

For the time being, I wake up.

When I go out of the simple home, the Demon King greet me with a very good smile.

「Shiro-chan. Lightning Body release!」

Somehow, the Demon King is shining in white.

At the same time, the unleashed fist pierced my body many times.

「Clench your teeth!」

Gofu!?

Wh-What is it from the morning?

*Gaku*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-6: Slave
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 6 Slave

I create weapons.

I only continued creating earnestly.

With killing intent and hatred.

The Goblin's village was annihilated.

The one who survived is me and Razaraza-nii who has been ruled by the monster user man similar to me.

Although there might be some Goblins who escaped safely, I think that the probability is low.

Because there's no way the proud Goblins will turn their back on the enemy and escape.

Possibly, if there's a child, they might let it get away.

But, I don't think that the child Goblin who's driven out of the place where it lives can survive in that severe mountain range.

The humans stationed in the Goblin's village for about seven days, they collected the things that seemed to be usable and withdrew.

Taking me and Razaraza-nii.

It was a small village in the foot of the mountain range that we were brought.

It seemed that not much time has passed since the village was built.

I think that several years, at least ten years has not passed.

Men and women of all ages live there, and in the center, there was the unit that the monster user man led.

I think that the monster user man is probably a soldier of a country somewhere.

Although the people of the subordinates have a bad atmosphere, elegance can be felt from the monster user man somehow.

I might be because he's a former noble.

I don't know his name yet.

Because the monster user man used two kinds of way to call him.

Because I don't know the words, I don't know which one is the name.

I think that one of it is probably the name and the other one is captain.

My body doesn't move as I want as usual.

It only obeys the monster user man's orders.

Razaraza-nii was the same also, and even when he's with me, we can't even talk.

I'm sure that Razaraza-nii also has the killing intent boiling up in the heart similar to me.

After reaching the human village, we were given a little freedom.

Giving the conditions don't attack the humans, don't do anything that becomes the human's disadvantage, don't escape, don't suicide, act to be useful to the humans, etc.

But, after all, I can't talk with Razaraza-nii.

It's because I was isolated to a different place from Razaraza-nii.

There was a given order to me apart from the one given to Razaraza-nii.

Create weapons.

And, I continued creating weapons.

I can't cut corners by the order.

The best weapon that I made is completed.

And, it's used by the people who destroyed my village.

It was a disgrace.

If those men can be killed by curse, this village would have been ruins by now.

I continued creating weapons with such hatred.

《Skill proficiency reached. Acquired skill 『Curse LV1』》

Haha.

I really acquired it.

But, I can't use it.

Because it becomes the human's disadvantage.

Even if I want to use it, the body refuses me to use it.

What a troublesome compulsion force.

Like that, I continued creating weapons as much as possible.

The unexpected one is that the monster user man treated me comparatively polite.

From that first treatment, I was resolved that I would surely be a disposable.

But, he doesn't let me create weapons more than the limit, and he prepares the meal and the bed properly.

He even gave me an appraisal stone.

Although I can't understand the words as usual, I somehow understood that the monster user man is kind to me.

However, neither this killing intent nor hatred will disappear.

Whenever the monster user man receives the weapons from me and smiled after appraising it, the killing intent boils.

This power is not polish for you.

It seemed that the monster user man have the appraisal stone similar to me.

And, it's the one higher level than mine.

Apparently, the chill felt when meeting the first time seemed to be caused when being appraised.

I'm sure that he appraised me, and because he found out that I have the Weapon Creation skill, I'm subdued like this.

I create weapons until my MP is exhausted.

When my MP is exhausted, the weapons can't be created until I recover.

During that time, I train for myself stealthily.

The one given to me is the place where the hut that was remodeled in haste that was the village's warehouse.

Because it was originally a small warehouse, it's narrow.

And, there's no one like the lookout attached to me who's made to obey the monster user man.

It probably means that they trust the ability of the monster user man that much.

I do muscle training that can be done even in a narrow room.

Push-up, sit-up, dorsal muscles, squat, etc.

I don't think that this can do anything.

But, it should be a gain even if it's a little.

I don't intent to obey the monster user man forever.

One day, I will definitely kill that man.

There's no way to escape from that man's spell now.

But, I will wait for the chance.

In order to make full use of the chance, I will get stronger even if it's only a little.

Otherwise, the long-awaited chance will be wasted.

To be honest, I don't know whether such a chance will even come or not.

But, I won't throw away the last hope.

Like I will give up.

I continue flaring up this killing intent and hatred until the chance comes.

While dreaming that the hell fire will burn up that man one day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-19: Both the inside and the outside are dangerous
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 19 Both the inside and the outside are dangerous

The length of our staying in the town passed.

After all, we left the town without me being able to go out of the inn even one step.

I can't walk around in the town as a baby, and I also didn't have the mind to go out.

Although Ariel-san and Shiraori went out frequently, in every case, Shiraori summoned the white spider.

The white spider activates magic.

This is the order from Shiraori that's said to learn magic while in the inn.

I'm told to look at the spider's activated magic and learn it.

There's a limit to be unreasonable.

The activated one is magic of the dark.

Apparently, my aptitude of ice and water is the highest, and next to it is the magic of the dark.

Then, I thought that isn't it better to learn the ice and water magic, but because Shiraori can neither use the ice nor water, it's decided to learn the dark which is the next highest aptitude.

Shiraori's best aptitude seems to be dark even though she's pure white.

Although it feels like an appearance fraud, if I say that, it's strange that I who should have the setting that I'm weak in stream, have high water aptitude. So, I think that it's one of the group that can't be retorted.

Although we stayed in the town for four days including the first day, after all, I was not able to acquire the Dark Magic.

Even if I acquired it, the one acquired as the skill seems to be the lower rank of the Dark Magic that's Shadow Magic.

According to Ariel-san, it's a useless trash magic rather than a low rank.

But, I'm told that when the skill level rises, the Dark Magic will be derived and becomes usable.

Why is she trying to make me acquire such a trash magic? The question is everlasting.

In the first place, there's no way that magic can be learned by watching the activation without skills.

Even though it's impossible from the beginning, I can only think that it's something pointless to make me do it.

And yet, when I try to be idle, I must do it desperately because the spider urges me without mercy.

That spider, when I show an unmotivated behavior even if it's a little, it shoots a weaken magic after all.

Because the skill level of Magic Perception and Magic Manipulation rose, it certainly is not pointless.

I also acquired the skills called Magician and Protection.

But then, I think that there's a more efficient way to develop the skills.

I'm bullied by the spider in daytime like that, and as for the night, I suffer in night.

Every time we finished eating the dinner, the drunk Shiraori gets involved.

She turns nasty when drunk unexpectedly.

Moreover, because her character changes completely when she's drunk, she can't be deal.

Especially, when she fed up, she transformed to do perverted sexual harassment-like.

She licked my body.

Although it's good that there's a bath in the inn, I don't want to be sticky all over covered with saliva.

It's unknown why she licks me.

Because it's impossible to communicate with Shiraori when she's drunk, even if I ask her, she will only say a stupid thing like 「Because it seems to be delicious」.

Although I had a terrible chill in every case, it's surely an imagination, right?

Although a decent thing didn't happen on me like that, it looks like Merazofis had a breakthrough while staying in the town.

Ariel-san might have gave an advice while I'm sleeping.

Although his complexion has not returned to the origin yet, there's energy in his eyes.

Although he probably want to do something for me who's the master in reality, for him to recover like this makes me glad honestly.

And, the meals were excessively delicious every time.

When I ask it later, it seemed that Ariel-san made everything.

Although it's the person who served that poisoned dish, it can't be helped because it's actually delicious.

The one waiting for me who went out of the town was as expected, the hell-like walk.

Um.

I predicted it somehow.

There's no way that Shiraori will choose a proper course.

She moved off from the highway purposely, and advanced the trackless path.

Of course, we ended up following her. We were made to advance the path starting from the meadows, forest, mountain and steep road.

Even though we passed such places, the monsters didn't come near by Ariel-san's power.

It seems that she used the Intimidation-type skill to drive away the monsters.

But, just when I thought that I don't receive the effect, it seems that I succeed in resisting it because I have the Fear Resistance.

When I ask Merazofis, he says that his Fear Resistance also rose during this travel.

But still, it seems that he failed in resisting it, and he spend the time on the way while being scared of Ariel-san.

Because he didn't show such a behavior, I was a little surprised.

「Because I don't want to make Ojou-sama to worry about me」

He said that with a wry smile.

「Although I made you worry about unnecessary things up until now, I am already alright. I have troubled you」

He talked with a settled state.

Although I don't know how Merazofis sort out his feelings, I decided not to ask him in detail.

Because I'm sure that it's not something good that I can ask.

The child of the person he loves is actually an uncomprehending existence that's a reincarnated person and a Vampire, and he himself has become a Vampire.

There's no way I can understand such person's feelings unless I experience the same thing.

I'm sure that the terribly complicated feelings whirled.

I'm not a person who has a refined soul that can say about people.

However, I think that if it's the weakness of the mind, mine is weaker than anyone.

That's why, although I will hear it if he talks about it one day, I won't ask Merazofis.

Rather than that, I want to know why must we advancing such a dense forest purposely.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-20: So if anyone is doing a different language translation of this web novel and you want me to add it in the page, comment it in any post.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Somehow, I can't seem to load the comments in the Kumo Desu ga, Nani ka? Page(TOC). I tried to find for the solution, but I can't solve it.

So if anyone is doing a different language translation of this web novel and you want me to add it in the page, comment it in any chapter post.

Blood 20 Master is a brute

Three years and a little passed.

Yes, it's three years.

Because it's the three years in this world, it's about three and a half years if it's converted to the Earth calendar.

I still follow Ariel-san and Master.

Master?

Master is Master.

I can only call that way.

Because of the curse.

That's about one year ago.

Master suddenly brought cards.

Cards.

The basic of the familiar card game in the previous life.

Well, because I was a loner, I don't have the memory of playing cards with a friend.

There's nothing like cards in this world.

In the first place, there's not much pleasure.

Because the people always fight against the Demons, there's a lot of people troubled of the cost of the food on that day, so there's no time to play.

And yet, Master brought the cards suddenly out of nowhere.

When I ask where did she bring it from, the answer 「D's place」 came back.

Is it a place named D? I don't understand well.

Because Master speaks only the necessary minimum when she has a sober face, I don't understand most of it.

After all, because even if I ask in detail, she won't answer back, where did she bring it from is still unknown.

If this was an ordinary card, I won't be surprised either.

No, certainly, there's no cards in this world, and although it's unnatural, it can be made by Master, and she might requested it somewhere and have it made there.

If it's an ordinary card, it's possible to make it.

But, the cards were not ordinary cards.

Without knowing that, it's the end of my rope to have gotten on Master's proposal to play old maid.

Old maid.

Among the numerous plays of cards, there's a reason why it was chosen.

I only remember the rule of the old maid in the cards.

After all, it can't be helped!

I didn't play cards in the previous life after all!

There's no one to play with after all!

Is it bad!?

That's why, it's decided to play old maid that the rule is understood.

Because Merazofis doesn't know about the rule of the cards naturally, I made that as a reason and reject the other plays.

Merazofis feels ashamed strongly saying 「I am sorry for not knowing the rule」, but I'm sorry because I don't know it either.

「It's fine. If it's the old maid, it's easy and it can be learned easily」

The eyes of Ariel-san that's like seeing a pitiful thing when saying so is etched in my mind and doesn't leave.

That person probably notice it.

Please don't look at me with such eyes.

And, the started old maid tournament.

The problem is because it's boring to just play normally, the proposed additional rule.

The person who came off the 1st place can order the last place.

Like the king game.

I didn't play the king game before though.

I acknowledged it.

Why did I acknowledge it?

If I knew the end beyond that point, I might have stopped myself at that time even if I have to punch myself.

By the way, it seems that Master is the owner of the chuunibyou ability like the Evil Eye, but the activation was prohibited for cheating prevention.

Thanks to that, because the usually shut eyes were opened, it was a little creepy.

Usually, she shut her eyes in order to hide it, and i hear that the view is secured by Fluoroscopy.

I didn't ask the person herself, but Ariel-san.

The first round.

The 1st place is Ariel-san.

The last place is Merazofis.

This result is because Merazofis was not able to finish understanding the rule yet, but it's also that he has no luck.

The joker has remained at Merazofis's hand from the beginning to the end.

That's why, it ends quickly.

The order that Ariel-san issued was on the next round, do your best with the air chair.

Immediately after the words ended, a sinister wave flies out of the cards, and hits Merazofis.

And, Merazofis does the air chair posture forcibly.

「Shiro-chan, what's this?」

「The cards of curse」

「Why is there such a curse?」

「Dunno」

「Um, how to break this curse?」

「It can't be broken」

「Un?」

「It can't be broken?」

「Uun?」

「It can't be broken」

「Oiiiiii!? What to do with this!? Merazofis will be like this all the time!?」

「He will return to normal if the next round ends」

「Ha!? I see!」

Thus, the second round in order to save Merazofis.

The 1st place is Master.

The last place is Merazofis.

Unlike the first round, the second round defeat was his own mistakes.

Did his judgment become duller by the difficult posture? Or, he still haven't become familiar to the cards? Merazofis forgot to put out the hand that became complete.

He lost because of that.

But, at the moment when the victory or defeat is decided, Merazofis was released from the air chair.

「Mera, take off your clothes until the next round ends」

Ah, at that time when he thought that it ended with this, the shocking words were emitted.

At the same time, a sinister wave flies out of the cards.

Merazofis's clothes were taken off.

All.

「Oooh!」

「Kyaaa!」

Merazofis who's absentminded opening and closing his mouth in nude, Ariel-san who puts out a delighted voice somehow, I who screams normally, and Master who has a self-satisfied look somehow.

When I thought that something is strange, she drank alcohol!

This person is drunk!

Because Merazofis will stay nude at this rate, the third round in order to protect Merazofis's honor.

As a result, the 1st is Master.

The last place is me.

Me.

You know it already, right?

Why am I saying something like Master?

「Call me Master from now on」

Yes.

It's like that.

Thanks to that, I can only call Master as Master.

Not only with the voice, but even in the mind.

What a powerful curse.

Although Ariel-san diagnosed it, the result understood was only impossible to break the curse.

By the way, when she woke up the next day cleared from intoxication, she had a face of "What are you saying?"!

You're the one who told me to call you like that!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-21: Three years
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 21 Three years

A lot of things happened in these three years.

Every day moving from town to town repeatedly and when moving, we avoided the proper path and advance the trackless path.

Master who becomes drunk when reaching a town every day.

There was no day that I rested physically and mentally.

Why are we not using the highway?

I have the rough expectation to the answer in these three years.

It's because Master hates grown humans.

In order to not meet with people, we pass through the place where people don't come.

Although her expression doesn't change, I understand somehow that she will be in a bad mood in the crowd of people by the atmosphere.

Otherwise, I don't think that she would use magic to deceive her own appearance.

Master came to conceal her appearance by magic before I know it.

Because I who was always with her noticed that too late, I don't know when she used the magic.

The effect of the magic makes Master to only be recognized as 「White」.

As long as a person with good intuition doesn't observe her very carefully, it seems that only the impression of white comes out.

So, even if she passed the people in the town, they will only think 「She's white」, and the face details and the impression annexed to it don't come out.

Thanks to the effect, it didn't become the situation like before using the magic, the people passed her will stare at her fixedly, but they lose their interest in her immediately after glancing her.

Because I have already recognized Master from the beginning, this magic doesn't seem to have an effect on me.

Master hates human to the extent to use such a magic.

She tends to avoid the contact with human as much as possible.

The exception is Ariel-san and me. Although Merazofis is better compared with the others, I feel that his treatment is slightly rougher than us.

Or perhaps I should say, ignoring half of his existence.

Well, we who are made to advanced the steep path because such a picky individual are not the endured ones, but the stamina and skill rose by advancing the steep path.

She might have aimed this a little.

I understood that Master is trying to train me to become strong in these three years.

I think that I have strengthened considerably in these three years.

"I think" is because I have not experience a combat yet, and it's only the date seen objectively from the skills and status.

The monsters hardly approaches because of Ariel-san's Intimidation, and because we advance the trackless path off from the highway, we hardly encounter bandits.

Even if we do encounter one, Master or Ariel-san will deal with it immediately.

Although I have the awareness that I have become strong in these three years, still, the vision of winning Master and Ariel-san doesn't comes to my mind.

Those two were strangely strong to that extent.

Master is the sacred beast, and Ariel-san is the Demon King.

The fact that there's no lie in the words was clearly shown.

I think that I don't accept the fact somewhere in my heart.

But, the power of the two of them was a real thing.

I can't help but to accept it.

Even if I appraise them, their strength is unknown.

Master is 『Impossible to appraise』, and Ariel-san is 『Appraisal was obstructed』.

I developed the skill level of the Appraisal to 9 in these three years.

It's the result of penance that always activate the Appraisal to raise the skill level was leaked when Master is drunk.

When Master gets drunk, she gives advice occasionally, and talks about her own past.

Although most of the stories are not useful, among that, there are advice that are really useful.

Appraisal is also one of it, and Master said that her life had been saved by the Appraisal many times.

So, I tried to always activate the Appraisal as Master says.

I thought that my head was going to break.

I was attacked by a terrible headache, and in the end, I can't activate the Appraisal all the time.

Maybe it's because I persist to do it many times until the very limit, I acquired the Divinity Area Expansion skill newly, but at that time, I was on the verge of fainting, so I don't have the time for that.

Because I continued such penance, I can raise it to level 9 at a short period of three years.

Although I hear that Master raised the Appraisal to level 10 without taking as much as one year, it can't be a reference because the standard is strange.

I must hear only half of the story of Master's past stories and advice.

It's not that Master is telling a lie in particular, but half of it can't become a reference because it's too non-standard.

Something like bathing the lava to raise the Fire Resistance, and raising the skill level by activating it always.

Although Master says 「Try and do it」 lightly, the only one who can do it is Master.

The place named the Elro Great Labyrinth seemed to be a considerable demon boundary(魔境).

As long as I don't even do the absurd Master's level raising usually, I can't survive.

I don't know how many times I heard the words, 「I thought that I was going to die」 when she's drunk.

She might have really experienced the feeling to die that much.

When thinking from there, I think that I'm blessed.

I can stay alive is because of Master, and although I had to do many unreasonable things, I was able to become fairly strong.

I must express my gratitude for that point.

But, but!

I want her to stop eating my body whenever she's drunk!

Why must I perform a life or death struggle staking my body every evening!?

Moreover, I'm defeated in every struggles!

Moreover, moreover, when the morning comes, that has been forgotten completely!

Why must I spend my time in a dangerous night in the town rather than the outside where alcohol can't be drank!

Isn't it strange!?

Ah, seriously.

If there's no such thing, I can express my gratitude honestly.

Although the lost part can be restored by recovery magic, the fear and the pain when I'm minced won't disappear.

Even though she only licked me at first, it gradually becomes play-biting, then, the biting strength becomes stronger little by little, finally, the flesh came to be taken.

Why did it become like this?

Recently, whenever she drinks alcohol, somewhere of me will definitely be eaten in the end.

If Ariel-san didn't put up a barrier, the inn would be destroyed by the fierce battle repeated every evening.

I wonder if this can be called as a combat?

I'm still level 1 though.

Although we continued the travel with such feelings, we finally enter the Demons territory.

I follow Master and Ariel-san even though I said this and that, and I decided to enter the Demons territory.

Yes, I stopped thinking about the small conclusion like the Humans or the Demons.

Because I know that there's an impossible to understand and unreasonable existence with my own body in this world.

I have come this far after this and that, so I can get on in the Demons territory.

I feel like that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter regular-reports: The regular reports of the Demon King and the Administrator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The regular reports of the Demon King and the Administrator

The midnight of the first day when Shiraori's apotheosis

［Can you hear me?］

［Oh? Kuro-chan?］

［It seems that you can hear. As expected, if I don't look out for that, I'm quite uneasy. Is it okay to contact like this every day at this time?］

［Ah, okay, okay. It would be better to contact each other］

［And so, after separating with that, nothing strange has been done, right?］

［Aah］

［Don't tell me she did?］

［Ah, un. She did, I guess?］

［What she did!? Say it!］

［Ah, un. It's long if I start to explain, so listen silently, okay?］

The Demon King is explaining.....

［In other words, she protected the reincarnated person who was almost kidnapped and killed by the Elves and the Divine Word Religion］

［That's right］

［It's a little unexpected. I thought that's a self-sufficiency type that doesn't show any interest except herself］

［Shiro-chan is a good girl, you know? Though her usual actions are illogical and incomprehensible］

［That usual actions are a problem］

［Right］

［I understood the matter this time. Rather, she did well. I will contact the Elves and the Divine Word Religion］

［Can I rely on you?］

［Ah. Though I don't think that a favorable answer will return］

［Yeah］

［I will pierce a nail just in case, but I don't think that it will do anything. Continue to watch at your side too］

［Roger］

［Well then, that's all for today. I will contact you again at the same time tomorrow］

［Yes, yees］

A certain day's regular report in one year later.

［That drank alcohol again?］

［Un. The inn was blown off］

［Good grief. Why did it become such a situation?］

［Well, about this matter, I think that Kuro-chan who made Shiro-chan to remember the alcohol's taste has responsibility］

［Mu. However, then, if you take away the alcohol, won't it end?］

［You want me to do such a frightening thing? I think that Shiro-chan will choose to kill me to snatch it back without hesitation, but how?］

［You're right. That's such a person］

［Right? In order to secure my personal safety, I can do nothing but continue to give her alcohol］

［Please at least, make effort to suppress the surrounding damage］

［Well, I will do that because I don't want to stand out］

［I beg you］

A certain day's regular report in two years later.

［And so, what happened to the cards?］

［I take the responsibility to keep it］

［I see. However, if that's a real, does that means that she went to D's place?］

［It's likely so. Although she disappears to somewhere suddenly sometimes, I didn't thought that it was D's place］

［What is she planning?］

［One vote in not thinking anything］

［That's possible, but she went to see that D. It's impossible to be careless］

［Although it's in my mind from before, is D that amazing?］

［Well, I will say that if the power relationship of D and me is shown directly, I don't have a chance to win even if the heaven and earth are reversed］

［That much?］

［Ah. No matter how I struggle, if that person moves, I can't do anything. It's such a person］

［Scary］

［However, that person doesn't move so often. Unless a certain condition is satisfied］

［What's the condition?］

［Harming her kin］

［Ue?］

［D won't forgive those who harm her kin and the ones similar to it. She will make the opponent pay for it without fail. That time when D declared to make that into her kin has a strong implication of restraining me. She might be pleased with that purely］

［Ah, I see］

［As for me, I didn't have the intention to make a move on that, but it's probably an insurance. What kind of path will that advance in the future? And according to that, it's possible that I can be hostile with that］

［At that time, what do you plan to do?］

［Of course, I will advance my path. Even if D will erase me afterwards］

［You stubborn person］

［I'm aware of it］

［For the time being, can you join with us once? Maybe, Kuro-chan can break the curse of the cards. I mean, because I don't want to hold such a dangerous thing, I want to give it to Kuro-chan］

［I understand. I will join you when I'm free］

A certain day's regular report in three years later

［I found another dead facility］

［With this, how many is it?］

［Two surviving facilities and seven dead facilities］

［Whether our eyes were tricked so far or, the people who concealed it at that time were excellent］

［Probably both. Rather than the dead facilities, there are three surviving facilities including that place. I can't make excuse for my mistake］

［About this matter, it's not the responsibility of Kuro-chan alone. After all, we moved around to destroy such facilities after the system operates］

［Or, because there's such movement, the cover-up might have been made carefully］

［You mean there are facilities built after the system operates?］

［It's just a possibility. A exceedingly possible possibility］

［It's helpless］

［Ah］

［How long will the work there be completed?］

［If possible, I want to end it within another three years, but because I want to proceed with careful investigation, it's a problem to do it in a hurry］

［You're right. Understood. It's fine even if it takes many years, so find all of the operating facilities this time for sure］

［Of course, I intend to do so］

［How about the recovered core?］

［The energy in the core has slowly reduced in the world. It's dangerous when it's returned rapidly］

［I see. Though someone of somewhere absorbed it suddenly and became a God］

［Only that can do such a thing. Even I can;t do such a thing. If such thing is possible, at least another three Gods will be born in this world］

［Yeah. If it's that easy to become a God, Potimas would have become a God a long time ago］

［Because that guy actually tried it and failed, it becomes such a situation now］

［If only he would just die like that］

［I agree］

［However, why Shiro-chan can do such an absurd thing?］

［Well, it's usually impossible, but because that is variously special, I don't understand the reason. Only a handful of existence among the Gods who can do such a thing］

［Shiro-chan is a non-standard?］

［Do you think that a person who reached the God in only one year can be settled in standard?］

［Nope］

［That kind of special talent might have been anticipated by D］

［And, her personality that doesn't make people get tired. And also, a troublemaker］

［That might be so］

［Although we will enter the Demons territory after this, I can only have a premonition of troubles］

［Grip the bridle firmly］

［If I can do it, I won't have a hard time］

［Certainly］

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter the-pope: The Pope and the Administrator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Pope and the Administrator

「And so, what's your matter this time?」

I asked the other party who visited.

「I want to hear the settlement of the Sariera country」

The other party is the man covered his whole body with a black armor, the Black Dragon who's the Administrator spoke with a calmed voice.

The settlement of the Sariera country?

I don't think that this person cares about the end of the people's war now after a long time.

Even if it's the Goddess Religion, or even if it's the nation that take the religion that worships that person as the mother.

If that's the case, what he wants to hear is not the result of the war.

The incident that happened in that country that draw this person's interest, or the thing that's judged that he must know it.

The conceivable one is the monster named as the Nightmare, huh?

「Do you want to know about the Nightmare that appears in the battlefield?」

An indirect way of speaking is unnecessary to this person.

I ask back without beating about the bush.

「No. What I want to know is not that」

However, the answer that came back was different from my expectation.

But then, even if he asked according to the expectation, there's not much that I can answer.

What is that monster called the Nightmare? I don't understand it either.

It's an unknown monster that suddenly appears in the Elro Great Labyrinth, and throws the war with the Sariera country into confusion.

The one that I know is the monster is likely to have reached the Ruler, and it seems to be hostile to the oldest Divine Beast somehow.

And, it's probably alive now somewhere.

I don't think that the opponent that the oldest Divine Beast failed to kill can be killed by a human's great magic.

Although it's spread around that it was stopped by the Hero's do-or-die spirit and the great magic to the world, it might not be dead because it only goes into hiding.

If I were to give a wishful thinking, the oldest Divine Beast might settle it, but I can't be optimistic.

Attention is required to the empire magician who brought the Hero back.

Only reading the report, it's said that just before the great magic hits directly, there was no one in the surroundings of the Hero and the Nightmare.

There's no way a third party can rescue the Hero by Transfer with such a timing.

Thinking from the situation, it's the Nightmare that transferred.

Although it's a mystery why it saved the hostile Hero, if I assume that it handed over the Hero to the magician in question, it's coherent.

Although I want to collect information from the magician somehow, the empire's guard is strong.

When I investigate it, it's said that the magician is the strongest magician in the empire.

Then, it's impossible to kill him thoughtlessly.

I can't reduce the valuable Humans' forces.

I can only place a lookout at the most and send him to the front line of the battle with the Demons by string-pulling, huh?

That's also a quite bone-breaking work.

Although it's dangerous, as long as there's no suspicious movement, I can only let him swim.

I shall consider it as a good thing if I can even separate him from the Hero before he tells something strange to him.

「It seems that you always have your head on full rotation as usual」

「Oops, sorry. Even if I grow older, only this bad habit doesn't recover. If there's a good medicine somewhere, it would be good」

I joke to deceive it.

Because I'm thought accelerating, it actually shouldn't show that I'm pondering, but it seems that it doesn't work on this person.

Actually, the bad habit that my thoughts deviated steadily doesn't recover.

Although it's fine if it's said that I'm thinking carefully, in short, even if I talk facing each other, it can be seen without the mind.

After learning the Thought Acceleration, the deception is effective, but it was miserable before learning it.

Oops.

My thoughts deviated again.

「And so, what does Kokuryuu-sama want to ask?」(TL note: Kokuryuu = Black Dragon)

「It seems that you're fairly attached to the assaulted Lord Keren's daughter, so is there anything in that girl?」

He asked back in no time after I ask him.

How should I catch this?

It's this person.

Did he notice the existence of the Keren's daughter vaguely? Or, he came to investigate my real intention after knowing everything?

I should think the latter one.

Then, it's better to not say anything unnecessary.

「That girl is the right successor who inherits the blood of Keren. Although I wanted to obstruct the escape with the meaning of the anxiety about the future, we received an attack from a mysterious group, and the unit that went to secure her sustained a serious wound. After that, it's unknown what happened to the girl」

Now, how will you answer?

「I see. I understood well」

At a moment, the pressure in the room increases rapidly.

Dense magic whirls that can be mistaken.

「If you take such an attitude, I have a plan either」

I grasp the sweats in my hand.

I open my mouth slowly so that it's not perceived.

「Now, I can't even consider why is Kokuryuu-sama being wild like this」

「Dustin. Is that your answer?」

This, it would be better to answer carefully.

「Indeed. My answer is all for the life or death of the Humans」

If a third party hears this conversation, the meaning can't be understood without any chain of reasoning.

However, he should understand with this.

「I see」

Kokuryuu-sama mutters small, and leaves his seat.

「I warned you. Don't make a move on them as much as possible」

「Your warning has been received firmly」

「After receiving it, you won't stop, right?」

「Well, only the world knows about it」

Kokuryuu-sama puts his hand to the door.

「You won't stop. I will tell you one thing. The present Demon King is merciless. Prepare at the best so that the Humans don't get destroyed」

Leaving ominous words, Kokuryuu-sama disappears beyond the door.

I broke out in sweat from the whole body.

Fuu.

Because it's that person, it was expected that he won't kill me in this place, but still, the liver gets cold.

However, should I think that I was tricked into revealing it in that state after all?

Then, Kokuryuu-sama has already known the existence of the reincarnated people.

"Them" is probably indicating the reincarnated people.

On top of knowing it, he came to warn me.

What is the meaning of this?

In addition, the present Demon King?

Not only the Hero, but somebody has taken over the Demon King?

This is not good.

There's too little information.

Although I brag about my information gathering ability being the highest among the Humans, still, it seems to be insufficient.

Strengthening the information gathering organization, countermeasures against the Elves, and the search of the disappeared Keren's daughter.

It seems that there's a lot of things to do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-7: Illusion Weapon Creation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 7 Illusion Weapon Creation

Because I spent every day creating weapons as long as my MP last, the skill level of the Weapon Creation reached 10.

At the same time, the Weapon Creation skill has evolved into a higher rank skill.

The name of the skill is Illusion Weapon Creation.

From the fact that the name is illusion weapon, this skill's effect is to be able to endow a special effect to the created weapon.

However, the effect that can be endowed is fixed, and the one that I can do at level 1 is endowing one from the five effects.

The effects are divine protection, attribute attack addition, abnormal condition attack addition, automatic repair and automatic recovery.

The divine protection raises the defensive ability of the person who equips it.

The resistance towards attribute and abnormal condition are raised to some extent.

Although it's a continuous activation-type that doesn't consumes MP and SP, the effect is low because of that.

The attribute attack addition is as shown in the name that it can endow the effect of activating the attribute attack to the weapon.

The attribute is never added in it, but it's an arbitrary activation-type, and the MP of the person who equips it is consumed to activate it.

The abnormal condition attack addition has almost the same effect as the attribute attack addition, and if there's a difference, the one consumed is the SP.

The automatic repair recovers the weapon's decreased durability by time progression automatically.

There's no consumption of MP and SP.

Although it's plain, it's suitable for the person who wants to use the same weapon all the time.

The last that's the automatic recovery has the effect of the combined Automatic HP Recovery skill and MP Recovery Speed skill.

Although it doesn't recovers the SP, if saying oppositely, it doesn't have consumption.

Although the effect is inferior to the skills, because it's possible to overlap it with the skills, the recovery speed becomes faster to that extent.

Although it's somewhat plain to call the effect as illusion, the power can't be underestimated.

If it's adding the simple offensive ability, it's attribute attack addition and abnormal condition attack addition.

If it's to raise the defensive ability, it's the divine protection.

If it's for the ability to continue fighting and securing the MP for magic, it's the automatic recovery.

If it's the maintenance of the weapon, it's the automatic repair.

Because each of it is simple, the usage is also wide.

However, there's a problem.

This special effect endowment consumes MP to use it.

The height of the effect depends on the consumption of the MP, and it becomes a better effect when using a lot of MP.

The important thing here is the weapon that endowed with the special effect is also created at that time by consuming MP.

The special effect can only be endowed at the moment when it's created.

It's impossible to endow the special effect after it's created.

Therefore, in order to endow special effect, it's necessary to use the remaining MP when the weapon is created.

There's a limit in my MP.

Up until now, I poured all of my MP into Weapon Creation in order to create the best weapon.

But, when I were to endow the special effect, I can't do that.

As long as my MP is limited, I can either drop the weapon's quality to endow special effect, or raise the weapon's quality, give up on special effect and endure with low effect.

I must choose either of it.

Even though it increased considerably, with the amount of my MP, I can't finish both to a satisfactory result.

I have evolved into the Goblin Shaman.

The result of the power leveling by the monster user man, Buirims's means.

Buirims subdues a monster and returns with the monster, and I'm made to kill the monster.

The subdued monster can't counterattack even if I attack it.

And, it continues being attacked by me until it dies.

I can safely defeat a higher rank monster with this method, and level can also be raised.

When I become level 10 and meet the evolution conditions, Buirims ordered me to evolved into the Shaman.

The purpose is the rise of MP.

The Shaman has good magic status growth, and the MP growth was better than the other's further evolution.

In order to secure MP for Weapon Creation, there might be no other choices than the Shaman.

The ability of the weapon created by the Weapon Creation rises by the amount of MP loaded at that time.

The more MP I have, the better the weapon that can be created.

Because there's no upper limit, it's necessary to choose either the weapon's quality or the special effect.

Well, I was only ordered to create weapons.

I don't be particular about the weapons that they use.

If there's a disadvantage effect in endowing it after all, I want to apply it.

After evolving into the Shaman, my combat ability rose from the fact that my level rose.

My status has grown, and my skills are trained whenever possible.

But, the chance to escape from Buirims's hand has not come yet.

I learned their language too.

This was comparatively easy.

I have the experience of learning the Goblin's language from the beginning originally, and above all, although I don't understand what Buirims's order is, I understood the meaning.

Even though I understand the meaning of the words and learn from there, it didn't take a long time.

Because there's a lot of words that I don't understand yet, it's difficult to say that I have learned perfectly.

But, because I don't know the name whether it's the name 「Buirims」 or the word 「Captain」 at the beginning, I should have progressed considerably.

I who have learned the language eavesdrop on their conversation to collect information.

It would be good if there's a chance to escape from this situation among that.

The one I'm bothered recently is Buirims seems to be in a hurry of something anyhow.

Buirims seemed to be a general with a high position in the big country called the empire, but he seemed to do a big mistake and have been demoted to here.

It seems that he wants do a meritorious deed somehow, and return to his own country fast.

The reason why he wants to return to his own country in a hurry.

The mistake done before.

Although it might be unrelated to escape from this situation, it might be connected to Buirims's weakness.

Let's continue the information gathering.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-22: Demons.......
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 22 Demons.......

We entered the Demons territory.

And, that's easily.

Of course, it doesn't mean that we pass through the border from the front foolishly and honestly.

The Demons territory borders with the empire, and the empire's forts are arranged in various places, so it's not a place where human can pass.

In order to enter the Demons territory from the Humans territory, it's necessary to avoid populated forts and pass through the fortress of nature that can't be passed usually.

The place where we passed was the steep mountain range that was called the Magic Mountain.

The mountain where the top of the mountain exists in a position that's far higher than the cloud.

I want to stop to try to travel on foot there with a light mood of going for a hike.

No, seriously.

On the way, we camp at the remains of the village that seems to be abandoned for several years, the master of the mountain-like Dragon came and Ariel-san negotiated with it, and Ariel-san and Master choose to run away unusually when the opponent is a strange monkey.

When we cross the Magic Mountain that's full of such happenings, it was the Demons territory already.

To be honest, it's too severe on the way that I don't feel so much.

In addition, it might be a reason that I was disappointed that the scenery seen is not very different from the Humans territory.

After all, when saying such thing like Demons territory, I imagined a hellish sight where it's covered with thick clouds the whole year by all means and the eerie atmosphere that plant doesn't grow.

In reality, the sky is blue, the plant grown in abundance in green, and the air is perfectly clear.

The magnificent scenery of nature that doesn't have much difference from the Humans territory.

If it's this, the Magic Mountain was a more demon boundary.

It seemed that the Demons territory also has the forts to prevent the invasion of the Humans similar to the Humans territory.

The blank zone between the Demons' forts and the Humans' forts often becomes the battlefield, and it's the most dangerous area in the world in a certain meaning.

When a suspicious character walks there, the person will be attacked just because of that, and moreover, I hear that it's an everyday occurrence that the battle can develop up to the war level.

Master who hears it looked disappointed though.

Master seems to might think that the Elro Great Labyrinth is more dangerous.

When I actually hear the past stories of Master, it seems to be more dangerous there, so it can't be helped.

After learning Appraisal, I didn't use Appraisal on others because Ariel-san stopped me up until now, but as long as I hear the story of Master and Ariel-san, as for the Humans' status, it's doubtful that it can reach 1000 even if it's high.

I would agree that the labyrinth where the monsters' status is several times higher than that is more dangerous.

In reality, which one is dangerous can't be judge by me because I don't have any combat experience and I have not seen both of it.

The present position of us who crossed the Magic Mountain is already passed the Demons territory's forts, so we don't have to pass through such a danger zone.

Although I thought that Master might charge, I'm relieved because there's no such state.

Well, even if we don't have to pass through such a danger zone, we advanced the trackless path though!

I think that the biggest reason why the scenery doesn't change in both the Humans territory and the Demons territory is because of advancing being buried in the DIE nature.

(TL note: DIE nature is a pun of 大自然(Daishizen) that means nature/Mother Nature/great nature)

In a view of a tiny person, the appearance of a big nature looked similar.

Because both Ariel-san and Master actually push forward without hesitation, I only chase after them without hesitation, but when it's said if it's only Merazofis and I can cross this nature or not, there's no confidence to advance without hesitation.

If we don't use the Clairvoyance and the Space Maneuver at the same time to check the present position and the destination always, we seemed to get lost immediately.

In addition, even if we don't get lost, when Ariel-san is gone, the monsters will also come near.

Although the wild monsters don't come near because of Ariel-san's Intimidation now, if Ariel-san is gone, naturally, the effect is lost.

And, when it's said whether Merazofis and I can handle the monster that came near, I don't have much confidence.

The monsters are the opponents that bring the risk of death even to Master.

Master can neither move her hand nor foot, ah, no, me who's hands and feet were eaten, it's impossible to win even if I fight with the monster.

Well, I don't think that a high rank monster that can have a hard fight with Master is common, and if it's only a small fry, I might be able to do something.

But, the monsters that I have seen so far, all have high status.

Because there are also times when Ariel-san defeats it before I can appraise it, I don't grasp everything, but it's always stronger than me.

The monsters in this world are strong to the extent that it's unbalance.

I'm admired that the Humans and the Demons didn't get destroyed.

How about the Demons?

Because we will enter the Demons' town in the future, but I wonder to what extent that they are stronger than the Humans?

Because they are called the Demons, after all, they have a devil-like appearance?

Had wings grown.

And, the skin is blue, and the fangs are long as we Vampires.

While it's scary to see, there's a little curiosity.

Like that, the travel advanced well while I'm deluding the Demons' appearance.

Because the surrounding scenery is the great nature that the people's hand is not added to it, it changes into that of the field.

There's a proper road, and we advance on that.

Ah, the road is good no matter how many times I experience it.

It's magnificent that it's not the DIE nature where HP decreases just by walking.

The people who harvest the field meet my eyes.

Oh?

Human?

「Ariel-san, there are Humans here, but here is already the Demons territory, right?」

I wonder if it's that?

The Humans captured in the war are made to engage in the labor for farming as slaves.

「Hmm? Humans?」

Because Ariel-san has a face that she doesn't understand the meaning of the words that I said for an instant, she looked around the surroundings, and her face became to have understood it.

「Ah. I see, I see. For the reincarnated people, the word Demons has the feeling that a devil-like appearance is imagined. I see, I see」

Ariel-san who consents alone.

Um, I want an explanation by now though?

「All of them over there are Demons」

Ariel-san says it while pointing at the people who are working in the field.

Eh?

But, no matter how I look at them, I can only see them as Humans.

「Both the Humans and the Demons can't be judged from the appearance alone. After all, the appearance is completely the same」

E-Eeh.

What's that?

Somehow, I feel terribly disappointed.

Like this, it's really no difference from the Humans territory.

It's not that the Humans and the Demons has great difference.

The monster that comes occasionally = The tough guy who breaks through Maou-sama's Intimidation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-23: It seems that I have to go to the magic academy if I'm reincarnated
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 23 It seems that I have to go to the magic academy if I'm reincarnated

We arrived at the Demon King Castle in about one year after entering the Demons territory.

When I were explain the way to here concisely, I can only express it that it's no different from the Human territory.

After all, it really doesn't change.

The street is also the same, and there's no significant difference from the architectural style to the food culture, so if I'm not told so, I can't tell apart which is which.

Because it's the Demons, I have imagined that various races mixed and lived in the town, but I felt a sense of incongruity that there's not much change oppositely.

If I were to give the only change, it's only the language changed.

In addition, because Ariel-san taught me beforehand, it didn't become a problem.

The problem is that it seems that the Demon is represents a single race, and it seems that there are no devil or therianthrope or races with monster-like appearance that I imagined.

When I think that the Vampire might also be among the Demons, I hear that there's even no Vampire somehow.

According to Ariel-san,

「It's been a very long time since I saw a Vampire. The Vampire's habitat in this world has been destroyed a long time ago」

That's what she said.

It was a shock variously.

In other words, it means that Merazofis and I are the only two Vampires in this world.

「In the past, there's a man who's a Vampire became the Demon King, and he's told as the Great Demon King who boast of the Demon King who live for the longest time even in the successive generations. The Demon King was also completely beaten by the Hero and the others and was subjugated though. And, after that, the Vampire hunting is carried out as a matter of course, and they were annihilated disappointingly」

Ariel-san who talks while there's a lonely atmosphere revealing in the cheerful behavior somehow.

It's a long time ago that Ariel-san last seen a Vampire, and I'm told that the possibility that there's a surviving Vampire was almost 0.

As long as it's not a True Ancestor, it must drink blood, and because it's also difficult to live in a remote place quietly, there might be no individual found so far.

The thing that I thought after hearing the story was how old is Ariel-san now.

That's why, I'm told that the Demon is one basic race not limited to the Vampire.

Although the Goblin, etc are conspired with the Demon, the Goblin is the Goblin, and it seems that it's not called as the Demon.

The one being called as the Demon is only the race who has the same appearance as the Human.

Come to think of it, Ariel-san's appearance is the same as the Human.

At the point in time when the Demon King who stands at the top of the Demons has the same appearance as the Humans, it was possible to expect it.

I hear that it's half correct and half wrong.

「It's because I'm special. Although my figure is the same as the Humans and the Demons, my inside is a different thing. Do you want to see it?」

Because she had a evil smile, I refused her courteously.

With such feeling, we travel to the Demons territory that has no change from the Humans territory, and we arrived at the Demon King Castle.

The flash of lightning is not seen behind the castle, and it's a very beautiful castle with white wall.

The sound of the word "Demon King Castle" doesn't suit it.

The castle's surroundings is lively with castle towns, and it's filled with a cheerful atmosphere.

The image of the Demons in me collapsed.

「Well then, we have finally came here, so I think that I will have Sophia-chan to go to the school!」

Ariel-san declared so.

「School, is it?」

「Yes, school」

School.

Even there's such a thing.

The Demons go to school.

I feel that some images collapse again.

「I think that I will have Sophia-chan to go to school and acquire this world's study. After all, you only did traveling up until now with a young body without the chance to learn properly. Because you have the knowledge from the previous life's memory to some extent, so I think that you can manage it somehow, but I think that if you want to live in this world, it's not a loss to go to the school. Of course, because I will recommend it, it's not an ordinary school. Although the Demons have the noble system, I will introduce you to the best school where the nobles go. How is it?」

I feel that I don't have the choice even though you ask "How is it?".

Certainly, when thinking about my age, it's not strange even if I start going to school.

The place called school is not the institute to only learn study.

The relationship built there will be useful in the future, and it's also the preliminary step to become familiar with the society.

If I go to the school where the Demons' nobles go, I will have the relation with the upper class Demons whether I like it or not.

Although how it works depends on me, I think that Ariel-san is telling me to make the foundation to live in the Demons territory in the school.

If there's a problem, I'm not good at associating with people.

But, I'm the daughter of a splendid noble even though I'm a former.

It might be the time to restart and forget about my previous life completely.

「I understand. I will go to that school」

「OK! Then, I will have Merazofis working under me in the meanwhile」

「「Eh?」」

The two voices of Merazofis and I overlap.

「Although it's possible to bring the attendant into the school, Sophia-chan is not a noble even though it's my recommendation. You will enter the school with the commoner frame, so it's difficult to have an attendant following you because of that」

No way.

I don't know about that.

No Merazofis....

「Aft-」

「It's unacceptable to say "After all, I won't go"」

She said it before me.

After that, Merazofis and I were separated without being able to agree or refuse forcibly.

The school uses the system where all students live in dormitories, and there's no Merazofis.

Of course, both Ariel-san and Master too.

Ah, because I won't be eaten by Master anymore, it might be better.

The situation that nobody knows as much as one person.

And, I have gone out to travel all over the world soon after I was born, and I'm a lass without both education and common sense.

Only the Demons' nobles in the surroundings.

I wonder if I can get on with this?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-24: Enrollment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 24 Enrollment

The children of the Demons go to the academy when turning five years old.

Because I'm exactly five years old, the condition is met.

The period of going to school is from 5 to 15 years old.

After graduating from the academy, the students go to the so-called university in the Earth, and become independent and pick the course.

The people who go to the university is a little, and it seems that most will get some jobs.

The ratio of the nobles in the academy that I will go is high, and at the same time as graduation, most will get a job as a noble.

The noble rank sequentially from the top is Duke, Marquis, Earl, Viscount, Baron. These five stages.

The one called royalty doesn't exist.

This is because the top of the Demons is the Demon King, and it's chosen regardless of the rank, so the royalty doesn't exist even if there's a king because there's no heredity system.

I hear that although there are the children and the kin of the Demon King from generation to generation, they are not called as the royalty and most of them are settled as the Duke nobles.

A lot of the people who have the Duke rank are related to the past Demon King.

Although there's also faint connection of the Marquis and the Earl with the past Demon King, it seems to be interesting to try searching the history of the house's history.

On the contrary, when it's the Baron, many rise from the commoner, and the relation to the past Demon King is mostly lost.

Power is everything, I won't say up to there, but the Baron rank is comparatively easy to be obtained when the Demon is powerful.

Though it's also easy to lose it.

The rank obtained by power can be revoked easily if power is lost.

Even if the person is excellent in the present age, it will fall easily if the person do a bad job after the next era.

That's the common sense of the Demon nobles.

So, even the Duke house might fall if it's not powerful.

Power is not only the combat ability.

Assets, influence, political strength and military force. These are also power.

The Duke house can't be change unreservedly like the Baron house is because such power is saved up throughout generations.

If even that is lost, it's impossible to escape from the fall.

I was taught about the knowledge of the Demon nobles by Ariel-san like that, and I enrolled into the academy.

I'm treated as the midway admission, and I was made to sit for an examination for the admission.

This examination is the one to measure my present knowledge, combat ability, etc, and I hear that even if the result is bad, I won't drop out.

So, I can take it comfortably.

The written examination was scattered by the subject.

I should arithmetic able to solve the arithmetic because I have studied up to the high school in the Earth.

The linguistics is also the same. Because I was taught the way of reading and writing by Ariel-san strictly while traveling, there's no problem.

The Human language and the Demon language are perfect.

But, because I didn't know the problems in the history, I can't solve it.

The practical skill was easy.

First of all, because the kind of magic that can be used was asked, I answered honestly.

The magics that I can use are water, ice, shadow, dark, wind, and thunder.

As for the water and ice, I can use the high rank magic.

Because it can be said that the dark is the higher rank of the shadow, this means that I can use three kinds of high rank magic.

It's the result of continuing Master's seeing, learning, and teaching for four years during the travel.

Because the teacher who's in charge of the examination turned a dubious glance, I showed my magics there.

Because it's not good to create damage to the surroundings, I control it so that damage wouldn't be created.

As a result, my magic skill was admitted.

Although I took the examination of close combat, I passed when I activated the Magic Combat Act and the Fighting Spirit somehow.

I didn't do anything though.

What's with the examination that sees the ability doesn't see anything?

At any rate, I enrolled safely.

Because it's the academy where the nobles go, there are not too much of people who enrolled in one academic year.

Roughly about 100 people, and it's divided into three classes.

The first several years disregard the ability, and it seems to be a completely random class division.

Because I enrolled midway, it's decided that I will enter the class with the lowest number of people.

「This is Sophia Keren-chan who will become your friend from today. Everyone, please get along well」

The teacher's introduction is done.

There's a lot of glances of small children.

When thinking about it, they are the same age as me, so everyone was children.

After all, my surroundings are always older than me so far.

Although Master is the same age, the appearance comes first.

After the teacher left, I was attacked with questions by the small children.

Because everyone talks as they please, I can't catch what are they saying.

Even if I have the Enhanced Five Senses, if they talk to me at one time, I can't deal with it.

「You all, have a little composure as the nobles」

The one who saved me who was being crushed is The Ouji-sama with blue eyes and blond hair.

「I'm the Duke house, Wald K Atmos. If there's anything, you can rely on me」

Haa.

Even though he's a child, he's reliable.

He's blind to his shortcomings.

Even if I'm like this, my inside is a former high school student.

After that, I had a question and answer session with the children who were made to line up by Wald.

My setting is the apprentice of a certain person who traveled the world.

That person has infiltrated the Humans territory for many years, and returned home on this occasion.

I was taken along with that person and returned home at the same time, such a setting.

Because "a certain person" is important, and it's expected that the identity must not be revealed.

It's actually Maou-sama, so it's not wrong.

Although the children asked about the identity of "a certain person" persistently, there's no way that I can answer it.

The next one that they get into is the commoner.

As soon as I said that I'm a commoner, the air of despising is made.

But, some children strengthen their vigilance oppositely.

Somehow, it seems that there are hardly any commoners in this academy.

And, the commoners who can enroll to such an academy, mostly have prodigious talent.

I don't have such a talent though.

What a place you made me to enroll, Ariel-san.

When I think about the things in the future, my stomach seems to hurt, but I started my academy life while being surrounded by the small children.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-25: Although I who have encountered an engagement annulment event is like a heroine, because I don't have the memory of being bullied, what should I do?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 25 Although I who have encountered an engagement annulment event is like a heroine, because I don't have the memory of being bullied, what should I do?

Eight years passed.

An instant eight years.

Although I was uneasy every day whether I can get on with it or not when I start to go to the academy, if the result was only said, I somehow did it.

Yes.

I was a cheat specification.

Only I was excluded in the magic mock battle class.

The opponent was the teacher.

Moreover, it's without going easy.

Before beginning 「Please go easy on me. Seriously」, and in accordance with those words, I wait-and-see for a while and noticed it.

Weak.

Thus, I attacked the teacher back with the really-going-easy magic.

It seems that the teacher is a person of the Marquis house, and was first class as a magician.

Even in the sword class, it was the same.

At first, because the sword swung by the teacher was too slow, I thought that it was either a feint or trap, but it seems to be a full power blow.

Weak.

Thus, it was ended when I sent the practice sword flying lightly.

It's not because both the teachers are weak, but it seems that I'm the only non-standard.

Then, how about Ariel-san and Master who can easily handle me?

To be honest, there was nothing to learn in the academy on the combat side.

The ones learned in the academy are knowledge and etiquette, is it?

In the academy where most are nobles naturally has the etiquette being taught.

The etiquette of me who seems to have became half wild while continuing to travel was reformed thoroughly here.

Thanks to that, I came to be able to behave similar to the noble if it's only judging from the appearance.

And, the order is regularly given by Master.

The order that comes with the letter is 「Raise the skill level of 〇〇」 or 「Raise the status to more than "Number"」.

Because I don't know what will she do if I don't achieve it, I cleared everything desperately.

Is it a lookout? Because that white spider is in my private room of the dormitory, I can't be idle.

I went to the academy for eight years, and I have the other party who I can speak with.

The first is Wald.

The young master of the Duke house who was the same class as me at the first year.

He of the orthodox school prince character had support me who's a commoner lacking of various common senses many times.

We get along well while I teach him magic in return.

The second person is the teacher, Jigris-sensei.

It's the teacher who was beaten completely by me in the magic mock battle.

He appears suddenly when I was teaching magic to Wald, and since then, he participated in my magic course.

Although he always looked sluggish, it seems that it's because he used his sleeping time to research magic.

The third person is Kara.

He's the boy who has the Duke rank similar to Wald, and the relation of a rival is built with Wald.

While getting associated with Wald, the contact with me becomes many naturally, and we got along well before I know it.

Unlike Wald who has a sincere personality, he's slightly gaudy, but the fact is he's a hot-blooded character.

The fourth person is Nitara.

Although he's born in a Earl house, it seems that his older brother is the Army Commander, and the younger brother Nitara has the similar talent in magic with his older brother, so it seems that he's a promising man with outstanding talent.

I was surprised that he proposed a magic match suddenly in the first meeting.

After doing it lightly, he joined my magic course.

The fifth person is Shivy.

He's a boy of the Baron house, he shows greed in power, and he approached me to be my apprentice.

Shivy's house just became the Baron, and if he can't succeed to be in the Demon King Army in the future, it seems that his house will fall quickly.

So, he lowers his head even to a commoner who doesn't have a rank, and he has the stubbornness to not choosing the means.

Un.

Only boys completely.

Moreover, everyone is beauty.

Because of that, I'm seen with jealous glances from the girls, and they exclude me from being a friend.

Because of that, a problem occurred in front of me now.

「Felmina, I will annul the engagement with you!」

Wald declared toward a schoolgirl.

Felmina-san is Wald's fiancee, and she's the daughter of the Marquis house.

「Can I hear the reason?」

「Do you not understand?」

Sorry.

I don't understand.

Why am I called to such a location?

And, why not only Wald, but the other handsome guy army is here?

「Your repeated bullying on Sophia, no, attempted assassination. The evidence has already turned up」

Eh?

Bullying? Assassination?

What are you saying?

「Sophia, it's certain that this sweet is gotten from Felmina, right?」

「Ah, yes」

What Wald is holding is certainly the thing that I receive from Felmina-san.

It's the thing that has been passed to all the girls in the class, and I also received it by obligation.

Somehow, after it's passed to me, Wald collected it from me, but what's wrong with that?

「A large amount of poison was detected from this sweet. If Sophia eats this, she might have died」

Poison?

Well, because I have the Abnormal Condition Nullity, such thing like poison won't work on me though.

「In addition, the recent large explosion in the class. That is also your act, right? You pretend that it's an accident and tried to kill Sophia. Although it ended with slight injury because Sophia got out of the explosion range on a hair's breadth, if she's at the center of the explosion, what would it become?」

Eh, the recent magic outburst in the class?

Although I avoided it instinctively, even if I don't avoid it, it won't become a significant damage, you know?

Even though if the limbs are not torn off, it doesn't count as an injury, so it's exaggerated.

「There's a lot of incidents that you were involved other than these. All of the evidences have been turned up. Do you still want to make an excuse?」

Wald throws a bunch of papers to Felmina-san.

The complexion of Felmina-san who saw it turns pale.

「Your father calls. The incident will be told there」

「No way, no way! Why is it that lass!?」

「Because I don't understand...it」

Eh, huh?

Did it end?

Oh?

After that, Felmina-san left the academy.

Although the incident happens somehow in the place where I don't know and it's settled arbitrarily, I wonder if this is good?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-8: Wrath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 8 Wrath

That was a spectacle that must not exist.

I doubted my own eyes.

When it's said what joke is this, it's nasty even if it's a joke.

Or, I thought that it might be act in order to make the opponent become careless.

But, it's wrong.

I understand that it's wrong.

Razaraza-nii laughed.

Together with the monster user, Buirims.

Even though that guy is everyone's enemy in our village.

He seems happy from the bottom of his heart.

While feeling respect and affection in the eyes.

Even though that alone must not happen, Razaraza-nii held many flower bookmarks in his hand.

It's an important thing for the Goblins.

When the Goblins go out to hunt, they take it as a charm, and it's a very important thing.

And, Razaraza-nii holds a lot of it.

The flower charm is one per person.

Then, that doesn't belong to Razaraza-nii.

In the first place, quite a long time has passed since our village is lost.

Even if he takes it as a bookmark, it should be that the previous Razaraza-nii's charm has withered.

Then, whose charm is Razaraza-nii holding?

I don't want to think.

But, there's only one answer.

The one that Razaraza-nii is holding is the Goblin warriors of another Goblin village different from our village.

And, Razaraza-nii is holding it means that Razaraza-nii attacked and overthrown the village.

My front becomes deep red.

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?

He betrayed.

He dishonored the pride.

He can't be forgiven.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Rage LV9』 has become 『Rage LV10』》

《Conditions met. Skill 『Rage LV10』 has evolved into Skill 『Wrath』》

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Taboo LV3』 has become 『Taboo LV5』》

《Conditions met. Title 『Ruler of Wrath』 was acquired》

《By the effects of the title 『Ruler of Wrath』, skill 『War God Spirit LV10』『Enma』 was acquired》

《『Fighting Spirit LV2』 has unified with 『War God Spirit LV10』》

The anger like the scorching heat boils up from my body, and burnt everything to nothing.

Like scorching myself.

At the same time, the monster user's spell that restricted me breaks as if it's burnt out.

Ah, with this, I'm free.

With this, my actions can't be stopped anymore.

I put all my strength to create weapon.

The one that I want is only destructive power.

The flame sword with an ominous shape is completed as if it traced my present inside.

I strike it at the shameless betrayer without hesitation.

Because he can't defend it properly, the person who I called as older brother before is cut up and swallowed in the explosive flame.

Although I tried to slay Buirims who's at the side with the power, he had already took distance from me.

The other people gathers after hearing the sound.

Buirims summons a new monster.

Like hell I care.

It's fine even if my life comes to an end.

Realize this anger of me.

「This is...karma.....」

I looked down at Buirims who's approaching his last moment.

Only me who's alive in this place other than Buirims.

I killed everyone completely.

The other party was more overwhelming in numbers.

The one that overturned it was the power of Wrath and War God Spirit, and above all, it's thanks to my unique constitution that recovers completely when level up.

Maybe because of my level was low, my level rose only by defeating a few opponents.

I use HP, MP, and SP until I'm on the verge of death, and recovers with level up.

And, I fight until I'm on the verge of death again.

It was the repetition.

At the beginning, most of them were hesitant to kill me.

My Weapon Creation is a valuable power for them.

Is it fine to kill it easily?

Such purpose is transparent, and they fought giving the priority to make me powerless rather than killing me.

It was possible to used the chance well.

「How unsightly」

Buirims who remained at the end was strong.

As a monster user, and as a simple warrior.

Even only with the power as a warrior, he was stronger than anyone in this place.

That man who was strong also lays down on the ground and cries now.

「Do you hate me?」

I don't answer Buirims's question.

There's no meaning to answer him.

Instead of the answer, I swing down the sword that was raised high.

「It's regrettable」

And, Buirims died.

There was a heavy tenacity that sticks in his last words.

He might have wanted to do something that much.

Even if he exterminate we, Goblins.

This is karma.

And yet, my mind doesn't clear.

A terrible sense of loss and the helplessness remain.

And, the flames of Wrath that hasn't disappeared yet.

I take out the appraisal stone from Buirims's corpse.

And, I appraise myself.

There's the character "Evolution Possible".

There are two kinds of further evolution.

Hobgoblin and Ogre.

I select it.

At the same time, I used the Naming skill, and changed my name.

To Wrath.

I don't have the right to name myself as a Goblin anymore.

Both the pride and prayer have been painted out by this anger.

That's why, I can't be a Goblin anymore.

The one here is an Oni.

An ordinary Oni who was ruled by Wrath.

While I roar facing the sky, I lost consciousness for evolution.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter the-rev: The revolving lantern of the summoner
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The revolving lantern of the summoner

Where did I make a mistake?

Or, this result is cause because there was no mistake?

I don't know.

Although I don't know, I will die.

「This is...karma.....」

If I think back, this Goblin named Razraz was different from the first time I saw it.

Speaking of the Goblin, it's the combat maniac who only thinks of fighting.

And yet, Razraz had the eyes that have deep intelligence.

And, when I appraise according to my intuition, I saw the skill.

ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ

It was the skill that the spider monster called as the Nightmare also has.

The same skill as that non-standard monster.

I had a bad premonition.

At the same time, I thought that it's also a chance.

If I can tame this Goblin, it will bring me favor in the future.

Although it won't reach the nightmarish monster, it might be able to be stronger than a normal Goblin.

The Weapon Creation skill that I had not seen before was also attractive.

If I have this skill, it's possible to escape from the difficult situation that weapons can't be supplied properly in the remote region.

I understood why the Goblins expanded the range of action.

I succeeded in subduing Razraz by the skill.

However, this is only a starting line.

In order to really subdue a monster, it's necessary to earn the loyalty.

The loyalty is a special status applied only on the subdued monsters, and when it becomes 100, it becomes the highest.

The monster that became 100 reaches the point that it will listen to every master's order.

On the contrary, when the loyalty is low, it will back-stab the master if each and every orders are not given.

It's easy to raise the loyalty.

First of all, break the heart.

And, it's completely.

It's impossible to win or oppose the master.

It's important to make it think so.

I made Razraz to kill the Goblin next to it and eat it.

As a result, the title can be acquired, and by having it experiencing the a strong experience of killing its intimate one forcibly, the heart can be broken.

It should be like that.

Razraz's heart didn't break.

Rather than that, it endured its ego by anger.

Even though Razaraza who was subdued at the same time got its heart broken easily by the guilty conscience of not being able to defend the village.

After that, although I tried to break Razraz's heart, all of the attempts failed.

If that's the case, I tried changing the means to contacting it as politely as possible, but the loyalty didn't rise from 0.

At this point in time, I had a bad premonition.

The skill called Anger rises day by day, and it even acquired the skill like Curse.

The other skills also rise slowly, and it was clear that Razraz is waiting eagerly for a chance here.

But still, there was a reason why I can't let go of Razraz.

Because there was a reason that I must return to the empire by raising a meritorious deed quickly.

Razraz's ability had the charm to do it.

The ability to create efficient weapons from nothing.

If I tell this ability that has neither been heard nor seen to the empire's higher-ups, I might be released from this remote region transfer.

There was such a light expectation.

The result of revealing the desire is this.

「How unsightly」

The start is as expected, the subjugation mission of the Nightmare, huh?

That time, I didn't want to go the mission if possible.

After becoming this age, my wife became pregnant.

The expected date when the child will be born is exactly similar to the period of the mission.

I can't see my child's birth there with my own eyes.

I was unlucky.

And, what I have encountered is that Nightmare.

Only Ronant-sama and I who survived.

Moreover, in the story after that, it's said that the Nightmare have gone out of the labyrinth by chasing the guides who ran away on the way.

Mission failure and the loss of the unit, and furthermore, the sin of releasing a dangerous monster to the world.

I was made to take those responsibilities, and I was transferred to this Magic Mountain.

Although it might have been good that I didn't get sack, I can't meet my family.

Although I heard that a girl was safely born, after all, I can't see her appearance.

And, just recently, a letter from my wife arrived saying that my child have been kidnapped by someone.

Although I wanted to return to the empire at once, I will be treated as a deserter if I return now, and I will really be sacked this time.

In order to return grandly, I have no choice but to do a meritorious deed.

The criminal who kidnapped my daughter is unknown.

However, I'm told that it was not done solo, but it's an organization-like crime that multiple people took part of it.

It seems that even a high rank magician is in the member, and it's said that the traces of the magic of the wind had been used were discovered.

Although I have an acquaintance in the army to search, there's no clue.

Although I don't know what I can do even if I return, it was unbearable to not being able to do anything at a distant place in the present state.

「Do you hate me?」

It suddenly comes into my mind, and I ask.

After I ask it, I realized that it was a foolish question.

It's impossible that it doesn't hate me.

The opponent who made you kill your family by your own hands.

It's impossible to forgive such a person.

Ah.

I see.

Monsters also have the family love.

The one who was devour by Razraz at the beginning was probably its younger brother or younger sister.

It's said that Razaraza was the older brother.

What did it think when it sees the appearance of its older brother changed completely being ruled by my skill?

The start that cause this disastrous scene is probably it guessed that we destroyed another Goblin's village in some reasons.

Although I don't know how it escaped from my skill, the strong anger might have exceeded the power of my skill.

Even if I think about such things now, I can't do anything.

Razraz raises the sword high and swing it down as if saying that this is the answer.

If I think of the things that I did to Razraz up until now, it's the deserved end.

However, I have things left undone.

「It's regrettable」

At least, even if it's only once before I die, I wanted to see my child's face......

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter the-rum: The rumor of the adventurer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The rumor of the adventurer

「Yo. Good morning」

「Don't "Good morning" with me. It's already noon」

「Don't mind it」

「Because you're like that, your rank doesn't rise no matter how much time passes」

「Even if you said that, I came back yesterday at midnight, you know? Please let me rest a little」

「Ah, was it the subjugation of Himikuwa?」

「That's right. Although that guy is strong, it runs away fast, and after chasing it for more than half a day, I finally killed it at midnight. I'm seriously exhausted. Rather, I'm excellent to be able to wake u at this time」

「Say it」

「Come to think of it, Rukusso and the others are not here, right?」

「Ah. I hear that an Ogre is found in the forest. They went for the subjugation mission」

「Ogre? It's rare in this area」

「Right? Guild Master said that it might be a lost Ogre wandered from somewhere」

「Even if it's like that, isn't it strange? There's no place around here where there's an Ogre, right?」

「Yeah. Well, something like where did it come from is not something that we should think of. Because it's a rare prey, the Ogre competition have started in the forest by now」

「Ah, so that's why, the guild is so quiet」

「Yeah」

「How about you?」

「Un?」

「Why didn't you go?」

「It was troublesome」

「Oi」

「No, I frequently exterminate the Ogre considerably in the place where I was in the past. Rather than me, I think that I should hand it over to the cute juniors」

「Yeah, yeah. Excuses」

「What? Then, go now?」

「There's no way we will go. Even though they go all together, there's no way that we can make it in time even if we go now」

「Yeah. Do you want to bet which party will kill it?」

「No. In the first place, I don't even know who's participating in it this time」

「Rukusso's members, right? Kohan, Agiris, Kuwas, Regen and then」

「There's still more?」

「Almost everyone of the C rank participated in it」

「This is excessive forces for one Ogre. Aaah. How pitiful for that Ogre」

「Ogre is D rank after all. If it evolved, it's better, but from what I heard, it's just an ordinary Ogre」

「How will it be when the Ogre evolves?」

「The first stage is the three kinds of Fighter, Ranger and Shaman. Same as the Goblin. And, the second stage is High Ogre. The third stage is Ogre General. The fourth stage is Ogre King. When it becomes the King, the danger degree is B. Generally, it leads a crowd, so it depends on the scale. It can even become the S rank」

「Oh. Does the appearance change?」

「It changes. It becomes bigger when evolving. The ordinary Ogre is easy to distinguish because it looks the same as the human」

「As expected of the A rank adventurer. How knowledgeable」

「I won't give you anything even if you flatter me. In addition, you're also the same A rank」

「Well, you see, I have not gone out of this town before, so I haven't seen an Ogre before」

「Are you interested?」

「A little. When saying a human-type monster in this area, it's only the Goblin in the Magic Mountain after all」

「Goblin, huh? If it's compared with that, Ogre is easier to deal with」

「After all, Goblin can't be measured with simple status. The place is also a problem」

「If encountering it when climbing the mountain, it's troublesome」

「I experienced the nightmare once when I took the harvesting quest to harvest the medicinal plants that can only be harvested in the Magic Mountain」

「I ran home because of that before」

「That's the right choice. To fight against the monster that crowds and a close combat-type, no matter how many lives you have, it's insufficient」

「It's a relief that it doesn't go out of the Magic Mountain region」

「Yeah. Now that you mention it, you know that there's a village built at the foot of the Magic Mountain, right?」

「Ah. The empire built it to reclaim the land or something, right? I never went there before though」

「It seems that that place has been destroyed」

「What? Why?」

「Who knows. Although I don't know the details, I heard that the people who went for a quest in the Magic Mountain found that the village is destroyed」

「As expected, they withdrew because it's impossible to reclaim the Magic Mountain, huh?」

「I don't know. I only heard it by accident after all. Because that place was convenient when going to the Magic Mountain, it's troublesome that it's destroyed」

「It can't be helped for the things that are destroyed. Although I don't think so, it's not that the Goblins destroyed it, right?」

「That's impossible. The soldier, Buirims over there is a considerable user, you know?」

「He's that much?」

「Ah. That guy is at least the same A rank as us. He might even be a S rank」

「That's amazing. As expected, when it's the empire's soldier, it's so different」

「Guild Master! Is Guild Master here!?」

「Hmm? What's wrong?」

「Who knows. Eh, Rukusso?」

「You're right. OI! Didn't you went for the Ogre extermination?」

「Goto-san, Negg-san! It's bad! It's really bad!」

「Oi, calm down」

「What's wrong with you being so panic?」

「Like I can calm down! That guy, that guy!」

「That guy?」

「It's the Ogre! Everyone, everyone, by the Ogre!」

「Oi, what's wrong? What happened?」

「Everyone was killed by the Ogre!!」

「What?」

「Wait a second. By the Ogre?」

「That's right! That guy is not an ordinary Ogre! Everyone, everyone has been killed!」

「I will go and call Guild Master」

「Ah. I leave it to you」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter adv-og: Adventurers vs Ogre
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Adventurers vs Ogre

［Subjugation Quest: Ogre, Unique Individual］

［An Ogre appeared in the forest. It's an unique individual that has high combat ability unlike the normal Ogre species. The advance party is mostly annihilated. From the survivor's information, it can be guessed that the Ogre has several special abilities. Estimated danger degree is B～］

A crowd looks at the request put up on the guild's quest board.

They are the high rank adventurers who went for other quest or they didn't participate in the subjugation because they are resting when the Ogre in question appeared.

Their purpose is only one that's to receive the subjugation quest of the unique Ogre individual.

The revenge for their killed comrades of the same guild, the foothold to raise the rank, the money reward, and the experience points when subjugating it.

Although the reason varied, everyone aimed at the Ogre similarly.

However, the opponent is an unique individual with little information.

Moreover, the danger degree that can beat multiple adventurer parties higher than C rank completely.

The danger degree B～ means that the lowest is B and the highest is still unknown.

Therefore, the Guild Master decided to go with the strategy of gathering a lot of adventurers and subjugate it with the violence of number.

The ones who have gathered in the guild were the adventurers who have the intention to participate in the subjugation.

「Everyone, thank you for gathering here!」

The Guild Master greets in front of the gathered adventurers.

「As we know, the opponent this time is a unique individual of the Ogre! It's considered that its status is higher than normal Ogre, and it also has unknown skills. Including that, it exceeds the normal species!」

The usually rude adventurers listens to the Guild Master's words silently.

「There are three features that are worth mentioning!」

That was the information that the very few survived adventurers of the advance party brought back.

「First is an abnormal recovery ability! A strange recovery is done that can't be explained with the existing skills! When you think that its body emitted light suddenly, at the next moment, the wounds seemed to disappear without leaving any trace! Moreover, it's said that the even MP and SP is recovered! Although there was the party that cornered the Ogre, they were all killed because of this recovery!」

The adventurers begin to be noisy to the Guild Master's words.

Among that, there was the figure of a young man biting his lips.

The hopeful young man who's called Rukusso.

He was the survivor of the advance party.

And, in order to revenge for his comrades who were sacrificed to let him get run away, he participated in the subjugation quest to heal the wound.

「The second! The rapid rise in combat ability! Although it's similar to the Fighting Spirit, it's clearly different! Although the activation time is short, its status skyrockets when this is activated! Because there's no change in appearance, deal with it by intuition!」

Although it's a very careless correspondence, that's also the adventurer's fight.

Adaption to the circumstances.

That's the basic for the adventurers, and it's also the secrets.

「The third! The Ogre possesses the Magic Sword! Moreover, it's two!」

The noise bigger than just now happens.

The Magic Sword with special power is a rare goods that has very few in numbers.

The Ogre has it.

The weapons that the normal Ogre uses are only tree pole and stone axe.

It was abnormal.

「Quiet!」

The noisy adventurers become silent all at once by one roar of the Guild Master.

「Guild Master. I have one question」

Among that, one man raises his hand.

The A rank adventurer, Goto.

「After subjugating the Ogre, what happens to the ownership of the Magic Swords?」

The glances focused on the Guild Master.

In those glances, there's the desire that can't be concealed.

It's a kind of admiration for the adventurer to have a Magic Sword, and at the same time, it becomes pure status.

「It will be given to two people who have the greatest achievement」

A shout of joy rises.

The adventurers' motivation rises at a dash.

「Then, depart!」

The morale is high, the experience is also high, and the number is many.

Therefore, they don't think that they will lose.

「Oi, I never heard of this」

Goto wiped his cold sweat in the scream that breaks out in the surroundings.

The confused adventurer runs through Goto's side, and the lower half of the body vanished.

The ground where there should have been nothing there exploded suddenly.

The adventurers are knocked down by the vortex of confusion in a blink of an eye and the number is reduced one after another by the mysterious blast attack.

It's not even known that where the attack comes from.

Even if they run about trying to escape, they don't know where to run away.

However, they are blown up after they ran around.

Such a picture of Hell was developed.

If there's a reincarnated person in this place, it might be known that this is the scenery of the minefield.

The adventurers intend to run away from the mysterious attack, but in reality, they are stepping the land mine by themselves.

The mechanism is simple.

By the Illusion Weapon Creation, it's only create the Magic Sword with the self-destruction effect and the whole flame attribute, and bury it in the ground.

The self-destruction effect is just as the name.

The attack that can bring forth a bigger destructive power than normal by exploding the energy that dwells in the Magic Sword all at once.

But on the other hand, the Magic Sword loses all the durability values if it's used once, and breaks.

The attack from a long distance comes flying this time to the adventurers who are moving about in confusion.

The adventurer who received the direct hit has a big hole opened on the body and was blown off.

The state like even a cannonball hit directly.

However, it was a sword that came flying.

The sword that specialized in durability is put in a cylindrical container, and flies it by using the explosion of the self-destructing Magic Sword.

It was an impromptu cannon.

The land mines from the bottom and the bombardment from a distance attack the adventurers without mercy.

Goto confirms the situation, and turns back.

Goto perceived that the exploding attack didn't happen at the back with his observing eyes.

If he retreats, the explosion attack won't come.

Goto ran away.

It's natural.

Because there's no way to win.

The land mines from the bottom, and the bombardment from a distance. Then, where's the main body?

Goto has seen the answer.

By the Clairvoyance skill.

There was the figure of the Ogre throwing away the freshly severed head of Negg who has deep friendship with Goto and also an A rank adventurer roughly.

As far as Goto remembers in Negg's story, it's said that the Ogre's height is similar to the human, and it becomes bigger whenever it evolves.

The height of the Ogre that Goto saw with Clairvoyance was on size bigger than the human.

It evolves, and it has the ability to easily crush an A rank adventurer.

On top of that, the unknown skill that creates this Hell.

On this day, Goto survived, and most of the other adventurers were trampled.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter emp-ogre: Empire knights vs Ogre
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Empire knights vs Ogre

Ah, I don't feel motivated.

After all, why must I do something like an Ogre extermination?

Does it means that an Ogre extermination is suitable for the trash who can't even train the Hero satisfactorily that's given by that person?

I'm angry only by remembering it.

Those mad men of the Divine Word Religion.

Even though I said that I will raise him into the strongest Hero, they took him forcibly!

The empire is also the same.

Why is the empire obeying the Divine Word Religion easily?

It should be more like a large country to correspond resolutely.

Well, the Sword Emperor of this generation is an ordinary man only with the name.

Therefore, he dreamed of the his born child's future .

From what I heard, the prince who was born several years ago seems to be said as an inborn genius.

That means that even if he's an ordinary man, the blood of the king flows in the Sword Emperor.

It's unrelated to me who was sent to a remote region though.

And, the destination was the border of the Demons territory, the Dazaro fort.

Judging from my past achievements and ability, I guessed that it would be a little looser correspondence.

As expected, the story that I protected the Hero is a little unreasonable, huh?

Did the doubted Divine Word Religion withdraw from there?

「Ronant-dono! It has come into view! That's the forest where the Ogre haunts!」

My motivation that had fallen by the knight who shouts passionately next to me, falls even more.

「Even if you don't shout, I can see it」

「Is it so!?」

His voice is uselessly loud.

I will have an earache.

The owner of this voice is the empire knight, Nyodoz.

He's uselessly fired up, uselessly noisy, and uselessly strong.

An oddball full of uselessness.

Although his age is close to me, we don't have much interaction up until now because our action differs. And, because I was transferred to the remote region, we are together like this.

Nyodoz is a rising knight who's a commoner, and he has been in this remote region all the time.

I was basically at the center of the empire, and it was about several years to meet him, but because of this useless presence, I remember his face well that the faces of the people who I meet often. He's a guy who made me use my memory uselessly.

「If Ronant-dono's magic and my sword technique unite, it's exactly invincible! There's no way we will be defeated by the brutal Ogre! Now, move!」

He raise his sword high uselessly, and tries to charge uselessly.

Good grief, don't spend the useless time.

「Wait. I heard that the Ogre that exists on this area is a unique kind. If you charge without a plan, the loss of the soldiers will increase」

「Mm mm! It's as Ronant-dono says! I of all people have forgotten!」

It's not that you forgotten, but you're not thinking of anything from the beginning.

「And so, Apprentice No.2. You have heard about the information on the Ogre properly, right?」

「Yes. I mean, Teacher. May I inquire why was I the only one who hear about it for approximately one hour even though we went to the guild together?」

「Rejected」

I don't want to waste time on Apprentice No.2.

If I have the time to hear the information of the Ogre, I want to put efforts to approach the essence of magic even if it's a little.

「Um, although Teacher and the others didn't hear it, this Ogre somehow possesses multiple special skills, and it seems to be intelligent. The effect of the special skill that's confirmed is the sudden complete recovery. I heard that it doesn't only recovers the wounds, but it also recovers the magical power and vitality. The next is the temporary explosive-like status rise. I heard that the continuation time is short, but it seems to use it together with the complete recovery, so it's troublesome. And, the last one is important. It's considered that it has the skill that can create Magic Sword」

「Magic Sword!?」

「I never heard of such a skill」

「This is also the first time that I heard of it. It's an unconfirmed information that doesn't leave the level of speculation. But, it seems that it's confirmed that it possessed multiple Magic Swords」

「For an Ogre to possess Magic Sword! This shall be a match with my beloved sword!」

「Don't hold such a strange sense of rivalry. Do you know the ability of the Ogre's Magic Swords?」

「The ones confirmed are Thunder Magic Sword, Fire Magic Sword, and it seems that there's a exploding Magic Sword that's buried in the ground」

「Buried in the ground?」

「I heard that it's buried in the ground and when it's stepped, it seems to explode. Most of the adventurers were killed by this」

Interesting.

Is there a fool who used the Magic Sword like that before?

The Magic Sword is hard to produce, so it's rare.

To make that explode, huh?

Impossible.

If it's one adventurer per sword to the paid cost, it's rather not profitable.

And yet, it executes it calmly.

I judge this to be interesting.

「Now, I'm interested in it」

I'm feeling motivated.

「It seems that when the burden exceeds a certain level, the Magic Sword buried in the ground will explode. It's the information that the adventurers acquired desperately」

「It's reliable to hit the ground hard with the magic of the wind, huh?」

「Isn't it possible with Teacher's ridiculous magical power?」

「Nonsense. It's only that much, so you do it」

「Eeeh!? Me!?」

This young girl is the youngest daughter of a low class noble, and although she has the talent, she didn't have anywhere to go because of her laziness and speech. So, I picked her up.

Although it's me who did accomplish that person's words to raise the Hero, at least, I thought that I should try and experience raising people by taking them as apprentices.

As a result, I learned a lot of things.

It was difficult to teach people and lead them more than I thought.

After all, I'm the man who was called as the genius.

Although I understood it when I try to teach, my apprentices can't understand a lot of things that I always say casually.

I can't understand why they can't understand.

There's a lot of such things, and while searching for the reason why it can't be understood, I reached a different opinion.

Because of that, I made myself to learn while teaching the apprentices.

That person must had foresee this and told me to raise the Hero.

As expected.

「Impossible! Impossible, impossible!」

「Girl! It's not good to decide that it's impossible before doing it! In that case, the things that can be done will become impossible to be done!」

「Just try and do it. Don't worry, even if you fail, it will only end with me bursts out laughing」

「Teacher, you're the worst!」

「You're wrong, it's "the best"」

Well then, there are 100 empire knights led by me and Nyodoz.

How will the Ogre fight?

It's an attraction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-9: Calmly
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 9 Calmly

I swing the Thunder Magic Sword that I created newly.

Because I made the Magic Sword as a katana, it might be more accurate to call it as Magic Katana.

I created the flame one again according to that.

It's because I thought that if I were to go with two swords-style, it's more stable that both the left and right have the same shape.

I felt that I lack of ability to use different swords in the left and right.

My sword technique is only to the amateur degree.

Although I have the Sword Talent skill, in the pure sword ability, all the humans who I fought up until now were higher.

Especially, the old man who I fought recently was great.

I use the War God Spirit and the Magic Combat Act at the same time, and I'm approximately equal.

Even though it can be said that I surely exceeded him in the status, still, I was forced into a hard match that the win or lose is unknown.

The pure sword technique skill overturned the difference of the status.

My present species is the Ogre Shaman.

In order to create Magic Sword more efficiently, I chose the magic evolution.

I think that there was no a mistake in it.

The Illusion Weapon Creation is my greatest ability, and raising it means raising my force.

Actually, the skill level of Illusion Weapon Creation rises and the added special effect addition was useful in the fight against the humans.

When I was attacked sporadically by a small human group in the forest at first, it was a little dangerous because I still haven't master the Magic Swords.

I reflected from there, and I advanced the preparations for interception.

I was able annihilated the large-scale human group that attacked me after that very easily by making the exploding Magic Sword as a substitute for the land mine.

The Magic Sword changes depending on how I use it.

I have the knowledge of the Earth where science was superior than the residents of this world, and it's a big strength that I can make the best use of it.

But, it doesn't mean that everything goes well.

The impromptu cannon was a defective product that broke only with one use because the number of prepared cylinder was little.

On top of that, the accuracy is low, and the power is also comparatively low even though it needs two Magic Swords.

It was way better if I throw it.

Although the land mine also turned out well at the beginning, it was useless after the mechanism was known.

Although it's a nasty anti-personnel weapon that takes time to remove if it's the Earth, there's a convenient thing called magic in this world.

I never thought that they would attack the whole minefield with magic to explode it all at once.

It was really good that I prepared the next plan.

Though that was ruined by a ridiculous teleportation magic.

That's cheating.

After all, an old man appears from the open space suddenly.

It seems that it's the thing called Space Magic.

The user is the magician who sniped me, and he's also an old man.

The old man in this world is too dreadful.

I thought that I was going to die at that time.

I mean, I was 90% dead.

The sword that I threw at once hit one of the knights luckily, I killed the knight with one hit luckily, and I was able to level up luckily.

It's like I succeeded in connecting my life somehow by the extreme luck that good luck overlapped with the good luck.

It was some kind of bet to escape by activating the Wrath after that.

My status rises greatly when I activate the Wrath.

If it's added with the War God Spirit, my status becomes 20 times of the original.

My present status is about 1000.

When the War God Spirit is used, my physical status will increase by 1000, and it becomes about 2000.

And, the ten times is 20000.

The Wrath has the effect of increasing all the status by 10 times.

However, there's a disadvantage in this outrageous ability.

That's also awfully dangerous.

It's the disappearance of reasoning.

When I activate the Wrath, my consciousness vanishes, and I will become a Berserker that only continues to rage.

Moreover, it's a matter of luck whether I can return from that state.

Although I managed to regain my consciousness when I killed Buirims, it was not strange that I don't return to the origin and become a beast.

That's why, it's really the last resort to use the Wrath.

That's also only for a short time when I can keep my consciousness somehow.

But still, my consciousness is painted over with anger, and it's difficult to control.

It was a good fortune that I was able to escape properly after activating it.

Perhaps, I might win if I activated the Wrath.

But, I probably can't return anymore at that time.

That's nothing but the disappearance of consciousness called me.

Even if I win in such a state, it can't be said that I won.

It's like attacking each other simultaneously.

To be honest, because I was able to win easily in the fight before that, I had underestimated humans.

I didn't think that I would end up using the Wrath to escape.

It's not a mistake to have polished the Illusion Weapon Creation.

But, that alone is not good.

I swing the katana.

The image is the old man who I fought recently.

I continue to swing the katana against the illusion of the old man.

But, I can't win.

I can't beat the old man in the image in the state that the War God Spirit is not activated no matter what.

But still, I continue to swing the katana.

I think about the means to kill the opponent calmly.

I can win if I entrust it to anger.

But then, I will be subjugated someday.

I made my reasoning to work calmly, and on top of that, I sharpen the blade of massacre.

I also acquired the Space Magic by paying skill points.

Although 10000 points were demanded, there's no loss to have it.

It's not wrong that absorbing the opponent's strategy is also a method to become stronger quickly.

Because the thing that I thought that it's troublesome should be troublesome for the opponent too.

Because the Space Magic is useless when the level is low, it's necessary for me to train.

I swing the katana.

So that I can surely kill him the next time.

I polish my sword technique.

《Skill proficiency reached. Skill 『Sword Talent LV3』 has become 『Sword Talent LV4』》

I suppress the anger that well up from my inside calmly and calmly.

I only put the killing intent on the blade.

Sharply, nothing but sharp.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter the-swo: The Sword King and the magician.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Sword King and the magician.

Changed master swordsman to Sword Saint.

Second chapter/the latest chapter of the raw. Started translating at 9:47 p.m. and ended at 11:16 p.m.

Managed to get it translated before my posting time.

The author wrote Nyodoz at first, then it became Nyudoz again. And, the author used Rengzand instead of Rengzant.

The Sword King and the magician

「And so, you missed the Ogre?」

「Yes. Thinking about that escape speed, we might get killed if we continue fighting」

It actually was even equal to Nyodoz.

Nyodoz might be in danger without my assistance.

Because even Nyodoz who's called the Sword Saint uselessly was like that, I don't think that the adventurers and the ordinary soldiers there can do anything.

I reported it to the man in front of me.

To the Sword Emperor who stands at the top of the Rengzand Empire.

「I see. If you try do defeat it from the front, it will only increase the damage in vain, huh?」

「That's right. Although it might be able to manage somehow if the empire elites are gathered, only me and Nyodoz who can move, right?」

「Quite so」

The Sword Emperor sighs deeply.

Although someone might warn him usually, there are only me and the Sword Emperor in this place.

I will let you sigh.

This guy should have accumulated many things.

「It looks like you're having a hard time」

「Because there's a little people that I can trust in both the inside and the outside」

「Oh. That means that I'm trusted?」

「I trust you in a sense. You are only interested in magic, and you completely ignore the authority, isn't it? If I can even prepare the bait called intellectual curiosity about magic, you will work obediently」

「Kakaka! You're saying it!」

It's not wrong.

「Is there any purpose that I was demoted?」

「First is the pressure of the Divine Word Religion. Second is as a force that can move freely, and the third is to make sure that you are not involved in needless troubles. About like that」

「After all, there's the movement to make me do this and that, huh?」

Although I expected it, I was more desperate, huh?

「The Divine Word Religion doubts you saying that the Hero rescue play was too good. But actually, how is it?」

「Well, I was only given the role to rescue the Hero. Originally, I intended to raise the Hero with my own hands after that」

Although the time was short with Julius, he absorbed my teachings well.

Maybe because he has an obedient personality, he understood it quick.

If there's the period to teach him more properly, he might surpass me and arrive at the essence of the magic someday.

Regrettable.

「The Hero is the prince of the Anareito Kingdom and the Divine Word Religion is assisting. Something like entrusting him to our country is impossible」

「I understand it. That's why, I said that I will go and teach him, but the dumbass of the Divine Word Religion rejected me」

「Considering the other side, the fellow who hides the truth can't be trusted」

Even you.

I never did anything guilty.

I only obey that person's instruction.

「You don't have the intention to tell the truth to me either, right?」

「Nothing can be done even if I tell you. Don't worry. I won't do something that would harm the empire」

「I hope so」

「When you always do foolish things, I might be disgusted with you」

「I would be troubled like that」

It's not a joke.

If you do something ashamed any further, it's interesting to return all my titles and inheritances to the empire and leave.

「If you abandon me now, the empire's future would be dark」

「That's exaggerating. My power is of no importance」

「You should review your own value a little more」

「It's the judgment after reviewing. I understood that I was extremely conceited up until now」

Because I met that person, I was able to aware of my inexperience.

And, there's still a height.

「Judging from me, I think that you have the worthy ability to be conceited」

The Sword Emperor sighs exaggeratedly.

Well, because this person has a hard time with his lack of ability.

The present Sword Emperor is capitalizing on the fame of his parent.

It's a fact to be said so.

While naming as the Sword Emperor, he's inferior to Nyudoz in ability. But having said that, his political ability is not remarkable.

In short, he's an ordinary man.

It's also because the retired previous Sword Emperor was great.

After all, he's the sword teacher of the previous Hero.

Even though he has retired, he's a swordsman who overwhelms Nyudoz.

This guy who grew up being shown the back of his great father is doing his best well judging from me.

Although he's doing his best, unfortunately, he don't have the caliber to stand at the top after all.

Because the Demons have become quiet, there was no war-like war recently. It reach the point that the nobles use their authority from the inside, and he did well to even suppress it, and prevent the empire from disintegrating.

That's also because the nobles see the predecessor's appearance when seeing this guy's back, and he manage to hold it because they didn't take poor actions.

When the parent is superior, the child is difficult.

Come to think of it, although it seems that this guy's son is also superior, is it alright?

「By the way, how's your son?」

「You mean Yuugo? That might be not good」

「Mu? I heard that he's an exaggerated monster from the rumor」

「Don't call the son of another person as a monster. But, I will forgive you. Even if I see him, he's a monster. Both the body and the mind」

It's serious somehow.

「That is loved by God naturally. However, he's self-conceited because of it. And, there's no owner of power who can correct the self-conceit. It will be good if Father is here at such a time, but I don't even know where is that person now」

「Should I correct him with willpower?」

「It's probably impossible. The nobles who abandoned me are protecting that. Although that is overflowing with talents, the mind is immature. He's flattered by the nobles and becomes conceited. Pitifully, I can neither restrain that nor separating that from the nobles. Even if you try to contact that, you will probably be obstructed」

「How troublesome. Then, I shall pass」

「That's better for you」

Although it's harsh, child rearing is a parent job, huh?

I should not get involved in it deeply because it seems troublesome.

「Returning to the talk, I decided to leave the Ogre in question to the dark side」

「Dark side?」

「Umu. The combat is avoided directly, and guide the Ogre into the Demons territory」

「I see. Pushing it to the Demons, huh?」

「That's right. Although I don't know whether it will go well or not, it's more realistic that losing soldiers in vain. Several villages have already been destroyed. It's necessary to drive the Ogre out of the Humans territory before the damage spreads any further」

Well, that's appropriate.

If it goes well, it's a congratulatory matter that the Ogre and the Demons will crush each other.

I wanted to talk with that Ogre if possible, but it's impossible with that state.

If it's a dangerous creature that scatters such killing intent, I don't think that even the Demons would try to talk to it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter cou-inter: P...
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Posting this chapter earlier than usual because tomorrow is my 1st day in university. Due to that, there probably won't be any chapter until Friday/Saturday. The first 3 days seem to be something called Induction Week. Not sure whether I have the time to translate or not, but if I do, I will translate.

About the next novel, I won't be translating another novel until my first week(Nov 2-6) of lecture ends because I want to see how much free time I have to translate.

The country of the interstice

There's a steep mountain range called the Magic Mountain.

There are three layers in this mountain range.

The first layer.

The mountain range that consists of steep mountains and was covered with snow throughout one year.

The monsters inhabiting there are much stronger than the ground.

The monsters of the danger degree of C class are the mainstream, and the Wind Drakes, Ice Drakes, etc, inhabit there too.

It's this first layer that both the Humans and the Demons called as Magic Mountain.

The second layer.

There's nothing in the point beyond the mountain range after crossing the first layer.

Only the too high mountain blocks the path and the intense cold wind corners the people who reached there.

It's the world of only snow and rock that can be seen.

If one were to reach the second layer after passing through the first layer unluckily, the fury called nature attacks.

The third layer.

The endpoint of the Magic Mountain.

The Dragon is enshrined there.

As the last guardian.

The Magic Mountain is the mountain range that spread out in a semicircle shape.

Seeing it from the sky, the appearance of the mountains looking like beautiful three waves can be seen.

If the reincarnated people were to see it, they might be able to predict that it's a mountain range created by the collision of the continents caused by the crustal movement by plate tectonics.

However, the prediction is only half correct, and it can be said that the half is a wrong.

The Magic Mountain is certainly formed by the collision of the continents, but the colliding details are not due to the movement of the plate.

A certain person moved to a continent with an intention, and as a result of connecting it with a different continent, the Magic Mountain was created.

Nobody knows the fact other than the person in question.

And, if the Magic Mountain is created by the collision of the continents, a vast terrain should spread out beyond it.

Nobody among both the Humans and the Demons knows the fact either.

Only the people living in the land know it.

The huge solitary island where the half is surrounded by the Magic Mountain, and the other half is surrounded by the sea.

The wideness is approximately 1570000 square kilometers.

The wideness is approximately the same as Mongolia on the Earth.

Although it's a little small to be called as a continent, it can be said that it's enough to be called as a country.

The country doesn't have a name.

If it must be said, it's a independent country that should be called as the country of the interstice that belong to neither the Humans nor the Demons.

Neither the Humans nor the Demons know that the country of the interstice exists.

Because they can't cross the Magic Mountain and the sea.

Similarly, the dwellers of the country of the interstice can't go out of this country either.

But, they know about the Humans territory and the Demons territory.

Complete self-sufficiency is demanded from the dwellers of the country of the interstice on the nature of the geography.

Therefore, the main industry becomes agriculture and stock-raising.

As for the other industries, the ratio assigned to daily necessities is many, and the kind of luxury goods is very little.

And, above all, the notable feature is that there are few craftsman who specialized in making weapons.

In this world where the existence that should be called the enemy of all living things called the monsters dominate, the weapons and armors are necessities.

But, that doesn't apply in the country of the interstice.

This is because there's no monster in the country of the interstice.

The mechanism that generates monsters is no different with the normal animals.

It doesn't generate suddenly from an empty place.

A place called the dungeon occasionally generates, and it begin to spring out from there, but if such an exception is excluded, most of it breed by the proper method as a living thing.

Then, if the monsters that should increase originally don't exist, it can't increase.

In addition, it's fine if you don't invade it from the outside.

The country of the interstice built up such an environment where the monsters didn't exist.

The animals inhabiting in the country of the interstice are all with docile temper that can't be called as monsters.

Although there's carnivorous animal, it's no a monster too.

The existence is clearly different from the animal and the monster.

Because there's no monster, there's little need to fight. Therefore, the weapons and armors are not made, and nobody fights.

It was the figure of the country that seemed to embody the miracle in this world.

The miracle doesn't remain with that alone.

The people living in the country of the interstice can also be called as a miracle.

If one were to appraise the dwellers of this country one after another, an astonishing fact will be known.

The fact that the Humans and the Demons who continued to fight in the history live together in this country.

Rather than that, those two races marry, and there's even the child of the half.

Rather, there are fewer pure Humans and Demons, and most of the dwellers of this country inherit the blood of both Human and Demon.

The country where the races that continued fighting take each other's hand and live peacefully.

The country of the interstice was such a miraculous country.

There was the ideal country that the Goddess wished so, and the man who tried to grant the wish built up there.

However, an unprecedented crisis approached the country.

One Oni who's everything was deprived by the Humans and driven into the Magic Mountain now by the Humans again, has arrived at the third layer of the Magic Mountain.

Crossing the second layer of intense cold that hardly has any food.

The Oni who fell into the life-or-death extreme situation ignores the warning of the Ice Dragon who's the guardian.

In the first place, it didn't hear the warning at all.

The Oni who stood in the abyss of death didn't have its sense anymore, and even the Dragon in front of it was merely seen as a food.

Ruled by the Wrath, only kills and eats. It only turned into an Oni.

The Ice Dragon that lost half of its body barely escaped from the mad Oni.

In order to tell the dreadful existence that's approaching the country of the interstice to its master.

And, the Oni crossed the mountain range.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter prev-sw: The previous Sword Emperor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The previous Sword Emperor

I arrived at this country of the interstice immediately after I handed over the Sword Emperor title to my son

I couldn't find any reason in fighting against Demons, despite always being on the front-lines.

Why do Humans and Demons continue fighting?

There is no answer to my question.

If I had time to think about this question that doesn't even have an answer, I would rather wield my sword and kill enemies.

However, one of my apprentice becomes the Hero, and the Demons didn't attacked after he went over to the Demons territory alone.

He was also a man who lost the meaning to fight similar to me.

And, although I don't know how he did it, the war was stopped temporarily.

Only a very small number of humans including me who knows that he went to the Demons territory.

That's why, there were a lot of people who had distrust towards the Demons that suddenly became quiet.

There were many voices that say that it's necessary to take advantage of this opportunity.

However, I wanted to bet on him.

That he would put an end to the history of the Humans and the Demons who continued fighting.

But, I can never see the result.

Although I have confidence in my sword skills, I'm weak when it comes to politics.

The battle disappeared, the position of the civil officer began to become stronger than the military officer, and an incompetent man who can only swing the sword like me was not needed.

Fortunately, although my son's sword skill is unskilled, his head is pretty much good.

I saw that it would be better if I entrust the future of the empire to my sword rather than an antique like me sitting on the throne forever.

When I decided so, I felt relieved of my burden instantly.

It seemed that I suffered by the strong pressure of the position called the Sword Emperor before I, myself notice it.

The question that I can't afford to think about grew big when I surrendered the throne to my son and retired.

Must the Humans and the Demons continue fighting?

I don't think so.

In fact, there were radicals in the empire, but there was an unpleasant war mood generally.

The long fight gave the blow not a little for the empire, and cast a gloomy shadow over the whole country.

The Demons are surely in the similar situation.

That's why, they withdrew.

They can understand that there's a common thought with the Humans.

If they have the similar thought, it's never impossible to understand each other.

I concluded so.

And, I was found by that person and was invited to the country of the interstice.

A scene as I imagined spread out there.

The Humans and the Demons live without discrimination, and they live without shedding blood and swinging weapons.

I shed tears of gratitude, and decided that I will spend the rest of my life here.

Although it would be good that I can just accomplish my natural life span slowly, it doesn't seem to go that way.

I draw my beloved sword.

In this peaceful country, I didn't let go of my beloved sword.

On the contrary, I did the maintenance properly without missing everyday training.

It's not that I didn't anticipate that it could happen.

But, I can never throw away my other half called the sword.

I swing the weapon while praying for peace.

I continued to hold such a contradiction.

It's ironical that it's useful.

I head to the opposite direction of the escaping people.

I can already see the opponent's figure.

The large build that far exceeds the human's height.

Ogre, and in addition to that, the evolved species.

Judging from the size, it's probably a High Ogre.

However, the intimidating air that can be felt exceeds the Ogre King that I have fought before.

The presence was common with the Dragons that can't be reached by a human's hand.

But still, I step forward towards the Ogre.

Even though I have retired, I'm the former Sword Emperor.

And, a Sword God.

The one who rule the sword.

Even if I lose in the status, the victory or defeat won't be decided with that alone.

I will teach it to this raging Ogre.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

The first layer of the Magic Mountain.

The Ice Dragon met its master there.

It barely survived from the Ogre, and contacted the master.

The master who received the contact came to the Ice Dragon immediately with Transfer.

The man who heard the situation from the Ice Dragon gave the word and treatment of appreciation to the Ice Dragon, and left with Transfer leaving the words "I will go first".

Because the Ice Dragon can't use Transfer, it flies to return.

And, in the place where it returned, the Ice Dragon became perplexed that its master who should have come to this place earlier is not there.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

The master of the Ice Dragon, Kuro realized that the space movement by Transfer ended in failure.

Although it's a movement that should end in an instant usually, it's never canceled.

As if the darkness like the Hell wrapped Kuro's whole body.

Kuro thinks.

The space was interfered when transferring, and I was locked up in a different space.

He grasps the present conditions so.

However, Kuro is the strongest existence in this world.

There can't be an existence that can interfere Kuro's Transfer.

But in fact, Kuro is locked up like this.

It's unlikely that an outside God invaded.

The system is set sensitively about it.

There should only be few high rank Gods who can invade this world without being sensed by the system that D made.

And, if it's such a high rank God, it should be easy to erase Kuro rather than locking him up.

And, Kuro thinks of two possibilities.

The first one is the interference by D.

The second one is beginner who reached the God just recently.

Both are impossible, but it may be said that both are possible.

D's action can't even be read by Kuro.

It's possible to think that she interferes on a whim even if she carried out the noninterference so far.

The beginner can't do anything advanced to the extent that can obstruct Kuro's Transfer.

The God technique is not a thing that can be mastered in a day.

But, that beginner reached the God in a little period.

When thinking of the growth rate, he's made to think that it's not strange even if she can do it.

Either way, it's unchanged that it's a troublesome thing.

Kuro tries to escape from the different space.

At that moment, the darkness turns white like obstructing him.

A large quatity of white spiders that made him to think so fill up the view and swallow Kuro's body.

At that point, the other party became clear.

「What are you planning, Shiraori!」

Kuro pushed through the tsunami of white spiders, and gave off an angry voice.

There was no response to the voice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sw-god: Sword God vs Ogre
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Sword God vs Ogre

I dodge the Ogre's two katanas, and ward it off.

If I exchange blows with it directly, my sword will be cut.

The single blow that the physical strength is put that much.

No, all the attacks are the sure-kill power that threatens my life.

I felt that I was inferior in the status by intuition since the time I saw it and intended to be cautious, but my prediction was too naive.

「GAAAAAA!」

The Ogre roars.

The mere shout becomes a lump of sound and strikes.

Pain runs through my ear, and the impact like being hit goes through my body.

This by the roar without skills at all.

The Ogre wields the katanas while stepping and breaking the ground.

I evade it sideways exaggeratedly while withdrawing behind greatly.

The Ogre steps over with one step to the distance that I retreated with all my best and catches the straight line where I was a while ago.

On the extension line of the wielded sword's point, a flash danced.

As expected, a Magic Sword.

Moreover, it's a considerably strong class.

And, although this Ogre's behavior seems to be mad, its fighting style is not merely entrusting to strength.

It's a good evidence that it's using the power of the Magic Sword.

Although it seems to lose control of itself, still, it's making full use of the combat technique at an instinct level.

What a troublesome existence.

If it rages with all its strength, I have a way to deal with it.

I slip through the intense dance somehow, and swing my sword to the Ogre's body.

Shallow.

In addition, hard.

The feeling transmitted to my hand is not the feeling of cutting the flesh, but the feeling of the blade was blocked by a hard thing.

Let alone the flesh, I can't even the skin.

The victory or defeat is decided.

It looks like I'm until here.

No matter how superior technique I have, if the attack doesn't work, I can't win.

Or if it has the weak points such as the eyes and the throat, I might be able to inflict a wound, but it won't be a fatal wound.

In contrast with that, the Ogre's attack will take my life at a blow.

The Ogre's attack will probably catch me earlier than my attack finish reducing the Ogre's HP.

Then, there's one thing that I must do.

I will gain time so that a lot of the residents can run away.

I abandon the attack.

I turn everything that I cultivated throughout my life into defense in order to gain time.

How much time has passed?

Even an instant felt like an eternity.

The Ogre was the strongest existence as the last that I have fought before.

And, the length of the battle was probably the longest too.

How many times the sun rise and set?

Because I even eliminated unnecessary thoughts halfway, I don't even understand such a thing.

The more I concentrate, the more my consciousness fades.

I let go of my intention, and change that into the concentration to fight.

I lose the existence called me, and just became a body only to fight.

I didn't thought that after reaching this age, I would reach a further extremity of the sword.

I wanted to even tell the experience of cutting thunder to my apprentices if possible.

Though I don't think that my apprentices can do it.

Ah, but I was able to see the end.

Thinking like this is the evidence.

Raised to the limit and I even abandoned the thought to concentrate on the fight, but that's reaching the limit soon.

The cause is the limit of my stamina.

I defended against all the Ogre's attacks.

However, the fight that continued for a long time has exceeded the limit of my stamina.

Muscle tears whenever I move, and I feel that my bone cracks.

The taste of blood fills my mouth whenever I breathe, and my eyes are blurry and I can't see the half.

It's a miracle that I haven't fall yet.

It looks like the miracle is until here.

I can't move even one step anymore.

But still, I don't drop the sword that I held.

It's my last obstinacy.

To me who stopped, the Ogre didn't come to slash me.

「Old man, I will ask your name」

Ho.

I thought that it was a monster without sense, but it can talk, huh?

Come to think of it, its sword move began to improve strangely halfway.

Did it regain its lost sense while fighting?

Although I don't know what's the reason it lost its sense, to return to sanity in the fight...

If it's the opposite, I have seen countless of it.

「Sword God, Reigar Van Rengzand」

Although in a hoarse voice, I tell it properly.

「Sword God. You have the power to be introduced so. Even though I should be overwhelmingly stronger, I was not able to land a hit on you in the end. I never thought that irritation returned me to sanity. No, it's not sanity. I seemed to even go mad at any time now by the anger that I want to kill. Although my consciousness returned, it's far from sanity」

The latter half is probably a monologue.

The appearance is defenseless.

However, I don't have the power to slash there anymore.

「Sword God, Reigar Van Rengzand. I won't forget your name. And, I will kill you with respect as a warrior」

The Ogre disappears.

Although my eyes can't see much anymore, I can't deal with it even if I can see it.

It was such a keen slash.

「Splendid」

My body is cut into two together with my beloved sword.

It looks like it's not only me who have reached the secret of the sword in this fight.

Although it's still not enough, it was a blow that let me feel the glimpse.

「You were also splendid」

Those words reached my ears last at the moment I lose consciousness.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Kuro infringed on all the white spiders that gathered around exhaustively.

On top of that, he escapes from the different space.

In Kuro's subjectivity, about ten days has passed.

However, he sensed that the time flow of the outside world is different from the different space where he was a while ago after escaping from the different space.

「She can even manipulate the time in the space, huh?」

Kuro who mutters unpleasantly.

The obstructor didn't show the appearance directly after all.

She only set a large swarm of white spiders that should be called as her other self.

However, he was not able to make light of these spiders too.

Although it was not a crisis of the life, it was the first time since the system construction that Kuro was exhausted to here.

Kuro crosses the Magic Mountain hastily.

Heading to the country of the interstice there.

However, there was no country there anymore.

Several years had passed in the outside world since Kuro was locked up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-10: Emptiness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 10 Emptiness

I kill all noticeable living things.

I hate all moving things.

I even feel irritation to the shaking lead at the edge of my view.

My sense returned barely by the fight with the Sword God.

But, can this really be said that it returned?

I cut down the animal that seems to be harmless, and devour the meat greedily.

With this, I'm only a beast without sense.

No, even the beast won't do useless hunting when it's full, and I who kill all noticeable living things now is a only fiend that's lower than a beast.

I don't only kill animals.

I killed a lot of humans who ran away from me.

The man who faces me bravely, the woman who protect her child, the protected young child, and the old man who present his body to gain time. I killed all of them.

Why am I doing such a thing?

I don't know.

I feel nausea whenever I kill innocent people.

But, the killing intent and anger exceed it more.

The voice "Kill" echoes in my head.

I entrust to the anger and obey the words.

I feel unpleasant whenever I kill, and it becomes irritation like that. Then, it becomes the killing intent and becomes the driving force to look for the next prey.

The negative chain that drops to the very bottom.

I evolved into the Ogre General from High Ogre after defeating the Sword God.

I repeated massacre more from there, and evolved into an Oni.

Although there was the one called Ogre King in the evolution from the General, I chose this somehow.

The change was extreme.

My build that grew big whenever I evolve till then shrank into the normal human size instantly.

Although if it's that alone, it would be a little surprise, at the moment when I saw my appearance reflected in the water, I gulped.

My previous life's face was reflected there.

Two horns grew on my forehead and there was the impression that I became slightly virile, but that was the face of me in the past without a doubt.

Why now?

Such an impression appeared in my head.

And, at the same time, I consented.

"Ah, I see. I returned back."

I evolved into the Oni, and the level of the skill called Taboo rose to 10.

And, the acquired Taboo was highly-destructive enough to break my heart.

I vomited gastric juice, rage recklessly, and started the massacre of the living things with a greater killing intent.

The every day ruled by the Wrath, and only kill.

Before acquiring Taboo, I despaired for not being able to stop my will while feeling guilty in killing innocent people.

My heart became slightly light after acquiring Taboo.

Because legitimacy was enacted in massacre.

In my such feelings, I get angry.

The wrath from the bottom of my heart that's not a temporary wrath brought by the skill.

What legitimacy.

Such a thing is only an appendix reason.

After all, it's only making an excuse by putting the indulgence called justice to the sins that I have done.

Although the Taboo's content was surely terrible, it doesn't become the reason that I can massacre.

It's the same.

The time when I met a person of the previous life.

I'm not wrong.

That's why, I may use violence.

The different one is that after I used violence, I only claimed that I'm not wrong.

The essence is the same.

Justifying my own crime with my rightness as a shield.

That's why, my appearance might be close to my appearance when I was a human.

In the previous life, the will was right and the violence was a crime.

In this world, the will was a crime and the violence was right.

I don't know what's right and wrong anymore.

Even though I don't know it, I don't stop my action.

Leaving both my will and rightness.

I want someone to stop me.

I want to return to that Goblin's village.

To that place where there's no need to think about both rightness and sin.

But, there's nothing there anymore.

The proud warriors and the strict and warm house, everything.

In addition, there's no one who can stop me anymore.

If I see the appraisal stone, my status has exceeded 10000 even if I don't use the Wrath.

I was able to repel the Ice Dragon that came to stop me without using the Wrath.

When I was a Goblin, I was taught that the Drake was a dangerous monster in the mountain range.

Even the Drake's high rank species, the Dragon can't stop me.

The present me is only a machine that kill all noticeable living things.

My will is not there, and there's only the anger without the empty inside.

I kill, eat, and look for the next.

I'm the existence of that much.

Is there a meaning for me to live?

It might be better if I didn't regain my consciousness in the fight by the Sword God.

Then, I was able to be reduced into an ordinary machine that doesn't think of anything in a true meaning.

Or if the Sword God killed me.

Ah, I see.

I already want to die.

In such a world, I don't want to live in such a state.

Why is this world so painful?

Why am I feeling so painful?

I don't know.

I want to die.

And yet, I can't die by my own will.

My body continues to take action in order to live arbitrarily.

Chase the prey, kill it, and eat it.

I chase the group that tries to cross the mountain range.

I have the Country Destroyer title before I know it, and I have taken a lot of life in this side of the mountain range.

Because I continued moving while recalling the Sword God's movement, I acquired the Sword God title too.

The fact seemed to stain Reigar Van Rengzand somehow, and I felt sick.

I lost sight of the group that I chased after crossing the mountain range.

Well, it doesn't matter.

I didn't chase them because I wanted to kill them.

Rather, I'm glad that I lost sight of them.

And yet, I was attacked by a mystery group.

It was a strange group that used magic and the bow as the main different from the knights that I fought before and the warrior group without unity that I fought before that.

I acquired the Fairy Killer after killing them, and when I tore off their clothes to checked their identity, it was the race with pointed ears.

It's the race that seems to be called as the Elves in the Earth.

Although it was unknown why they attacked me, they died in vain.

Although the Elves were considerably strong, they were not my enemy.

There might not be someone who can kill me anymore.

It can't be helped that I began to give up like that.

But, it was still early to give up.

In front of me, a girl stands in my way.

The mouth smiles, the eyes are flaming, and it fills my fighting spirit.

It was a presence like a man-eating fiend that's unimaginable from her looks and elegant dress.

I sense it.

This girl is strong.

To the extent that I can be killed.

And, I had a light expectation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-1: (Real)Oni vs Oni(Demon).
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

(Real)Oni vs Oni(Demon).

Changed Distant Communication to Distant Speech.

Everyone should have know the status already before reading this chapter.

Mistranslated the Ruler skill.

Oni vs Oni ①

I appraise the girl in front using the appraisal stone.

It's fairly a long time since I use the Appraisal.

The last time I used was on the Ice Dragon, and I didn't feel that there's a need to use it on the others.

I understood that I could win even if I didn't appraise it by intuition.

But, this girl is different.

『Human Vampire LV3 Sophia Keren

Status

ＨＰ：１４２７１／１４２７１（Green）

ＭＰ：１２８９３／１２８９３（Blue）

ＳＰ：１２６５５／１２６５５（Yellow）

：１２６６１／１２６６１（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：１２７３８

Average Defensive Ability：１３２２６

Average Magic Ability：１２７５５

Average Resistance Ability：１３２１９

Average Speed Ability：１２７７４

Skill

「Higher Vampire LV8」 「Immortal Commander LV8」 「Heaven Scale LV10」 「Super-speed HP Recovery LV3」 「Magic Perception LV10」 「Magic Formula Perception LV10」 「High-speed MP Recovery LV10」 「Great MP Consumption Down LV10」 「Precise Magic Manipulation LV2」 「Magic God Act LV10」 「Magic Granting LV8」 「Great Offensive Magic Power LV10」 「High-speed SP Recovery LV10」 「Great SP Consumption Down LV10」 「Sword Hero LV2」 「Taijutsu Genius LV9」 「Great Enhanced Destruction LV2」 「Great Enhanced Blunt LV1」 「Great Enhanced Slashing LV3」 「Great Enhanced Piercing LV1」 「Great Enhanced Shock LV1」 「Enhanced Water Current LV10」 「Enhanced Freeze LV10」 「Enhanced Darkness LV9」 「Enhanced Wind LV9」 「Enhanced Soil LV9」 「Enhanced Thunder LV5」 「Enhanced Strong Acid LV8」 「Enhanced Abnormal Condition LV9」 「War God Spirit LV10」 「Vitality Granting LV6」 「Great Vitality Attack LV10」 「Water Current Attack LV10」 「Freeze Attack LV10」 「Strong Acid Attack LV10」 「Poison Synthesis LV10」 「Medicine Synthesis LV10」 「Psychokinesis LV10」 「Throw LV10」 「Shoot LV10」 「Space Maneuver LV10」 「Cooperation LV2」 「Command LV3」 「Kin Domination LV6」 「Concentration LV10」 「Thought Acceleration LV4」 「Future Vision LV4」 「Parallel Will LV2」 「High-speed Calculation LV10」 「Record LV10」 「Distant Speech LV10」 「Accuracy LV10」 「Evasion LV10」 「Great Probability Correction LV10」 「Stealth LV10」 「Concealment LV10」 「Silent LV10」 「Odorless LV10」 「Emperor」 「Presence Perception LV10」 「Danger Perception LV10」 「Movement Perception LV4」 「Heat Perception LV8」 「Space Perception LV1」 「Appraisal LV10」 「Root of Evil」 「Fire Magic LV3」 「Water Magic LV10」 「Water Current Magic LV10」 「Blue Water Magic LV7」 「Ice Magic LV10」 「Freeze Magic LV10」 「Hell Ice LV8」 「Wind Magic LV10」 「Storm Magic LV1」 「Soil Magic LV10」 「Earth Magic LV1」 「Thunder Magic LV9」 「Light Magic LV1」 「Shadow Magic LV10」 「Dark Magic LV10」 「Darkness Magic LV4」 「Poison Magic LV10」 「Treatment Magic LV10」 「Demon King LV8」 「Envy」 「Great Physical Resistance LV5」 「Fire Resistance LV5」 「Water Current Nullity」 「Freeze Nullity」 「Storm Resistance LV2」 「Earth Resistance LV2」 「Thunder Resistance LV6」 「Light Resistance LV4」 「Darkness Resistance LV4」 「Heavy Resistance LV3」 「Acid Resistance LV10」 「Corrosion Resistance LV7」 「Faint Resistance LV7」 「Abnormal Condition Nullity」 「Great Fear Resistance LV7」 「Great Heresy Resistance LV6」 「Pain Nullity」 「Sense of Pain Nullity」 「Night Vision LV10」 「Thousand Miles Eye LV4」 「Magic Eye of Grudge LV3」 「Magic Eye of Stasis LV3」 「Enhanced Five Senses LV10」 「Perception Range Expansion LV10」 「Divinity Area Expansion LV5」 「Destiny LV10」 「Heaven Mana LV10」 「Heaven Motion LV10」 「Abundant Sky LV10」 「Fortitude LV10」 「Fortress LV10」 「Heaven Path LV10」 「Heaven Protection LV10」 「Idaten LV10」 「Taboo LV2」 「ｎ％Ｉ＝Ｗ」』

A little incomprehensible.

Level 3?

Human and Vampire?

Aren't there too many skills?

I exceed her in pure status.

But, as for the skills, I lose in both the quantity and the quality.

Although I have the trump card called Illusion Weapon Creation, the skills of this girl named Sophia are abnormal.

This might be seriously more than equal to me.

But, that's if I don't activate Wrath.

Although I don't intend to activate it, I don't know when I almost die.

The Wrath might activate it disregarding my will.

I mean, it will do it.

How far I can suppressed it with my will?

There will become the turning point of the match.

I die or she dies.

She might die without being able to corner me.

At the moment when my consciousness turn toward combat, I can't go easy on her.

The girl swing the greatsword held with one hand lightly that doesn't match her small body.

It's the greatsword that has the length almost the same as her height and, it's also thick and heavy.

Although it doesn't seem to have a special ability, it's a sword that excels in durability.

The distance with me was shorten in an instant, and she swung it down.

I stop it with the flame katana that I held in one hand.

Immediately after I can't stop the blow completely, I hold out by intersecting the thunder katana that I held in the other hand with the flame katana.

Heavy!

I didn't underestimate her, but I thought that I can stop it with one hand because I exceeded her in status.

And, I intended to throw a counter with the thunder sword, but I couldn't help to completely change to defense.

Her status is raised.

The power of the War God Spirit and the Magic God Act.

And probably, the Higher Vampire's power.

『Higher Vampire：The special skill that Vampire possesses. The ability values rise by taking blood. The taken blood is stored in the body. In addition, the special effect is demonstrated according to the level. LV1：Moon Protection, LV2：Strong Blood, LV3：Blood Mist, LV4：Shadow Demon, LV5：Demon Change, LV6：Kin Summon, LV7：Mistification, LV8：Rebirth』

The Moon Protection has the effect that increases power by the waxing and waning of the moon.

The Blood Mist has the ability to make her own blood into mist and manipulate it freely. And, the Mistification has the ability to become the mist.

The Shadow Demon has the ability to summon familiar from the shadow, and the Demon Change has the ability to transform into the familiar.

The Kin Summon summons kin.

And above all, the most troublesome one is the Rebirth's ability.

It has the effect like a cheat that can recover the HP completely only one a day if the HP becomes 0 and revives.

In addition, the problem now is the ability of Strong Blood.

It's the skill that raises status using the stock of the drank blood while it's activated.

Thanks to this effect, that unexpected heavy sword attack appeared.

I activate the War God Spirit and the Magic God Act too.

With this, I regain the predominance in status.

Although the War God Spirit is in the same level, her Magic God Act is higher than me.

It's certain that the difference was narrowed than the state without enhancement.

I activate the Dragon Power that's one of my trump cards.

The Dragon Power raises the status and has the effect of obstructing the other party's magic construction.

When I was attacked by an Elf-like group, I erased the magic with this skill.

The War God Spirit and the Magic God Act. Furthermore, the Dragon Power.

It's my first experience to make me activate these three at the same time.

「Fu, fufufu」

The girl laughs.

「You stopped it. You stopped my attack. Fufufu!」

Crap.

This girl is dangerous.

She's crazy.

Though I don't have the right to say it.

「This is fight! My first time in my life! To fight seriously!」

I shiver.

I was not overwhelmed by the girl's intimidation.

It's simply cold.

The cold air drifts around the girl.

At the same time, it begins to shroud with a red mist.

The effect of the Vampire's Blood Mist.

In addition, this sudden change of the temperature is by the skill of the ice group.

The opponent is showing her real ability, huh?

Then, I will do it too.

I take out many Magic Swords from the different dimension by the Space Storage of the Space Magic.

I make them float in the air with Psychokinesis.

And, the real combat started.

Author notes:

I corrected Wrath's status in Blood 26 a little.

Appraisal added

Presence Perception added

Ice Resistance LV4→LV9

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-2: Oni vs Oni 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni vs Oni ②

The discomfort that seems to go through my body.

It looks like the Oni also has begun appraising at the same time as me.

But, the Appraisal level of the Oni is 2, so only my name can be known.

I'm more advantageous in the first information war.

Although I know the skills and titles of the Oni, the opponent doesn't know it.

That means that I can set up something unimaginable, and as for me, I can predict what the opponent will do to some extent oppositely.

I will make full use of the Thought Acceleration and the Future Vision, and on top of that, predict the opponent's next attack from the skill.

As might be expected from Master's golden combo, I can obtain the evasion ability that may be said to be cowardice judging from the opponent.

I understand that the opponent's attribute is more on flame and thunder when I see the Appraisal result.

Although I have both resistance, the flame is my weakness attribute.

It's hard to say that the thunder is my strong point, so I must be careful.

The ones that caught my eyes in the skills are Sword God, Wrath, and Illusion Weapon Creation.

『Sword God：The extremity of sword. The maximum correction is applied on movement when using the sword』

『Wrath：ｎ％ power capable of reaching the Gods. Expand the divinity area possessed personally. In exchange for parting with one's sense, combat ability skyrockets. In addition, the Ｗ system is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the ＭＡ area is obtained』

『Illusion Weapon Creation：Create weapon by consuming MP. The quality of the created weapon depends on the skill level and the consumption of MP. In addition, it's possible to give a special effect to the weapon』

Although there's the skill called Enma, this skill is not usable after all, so I ignored it.

As expected, the Sword God is the final stage of the Sword Hero skill that I have.

Although it's a skill that raises the ability of the sword, when it's the highest rank, I can't seem to win in sword skill.

In addition, because he has the Slash Nullity, I lose in the match of sword from the beginning.

Because my weapon is a heavy greatsword, there's damage of striking even if I can't cut him, and I still have a way to fight.

The Wrath is the Seven Sins series skill same as my Envy.

It looks like he hasn't activate it yet now.

Although I don't know how much status will rise if he activates it, I must prepare myself that it will rise considerably because it's a broken skill according to Master.

Even without that, I lose in the status.

And, the final one is the Illusion Weapon Creation.

The katanas held by the Oni, this world also has katana, huh? Assuming that those are made with the power of the skill, it should be endowed with special ability.

I turn my consciousness to each katana held in both hands, and activate Appraisal.

『Flame Katana Suzaku：Offensive Ability 3000, Durability 9973, Special：Divine protection, Fire attribute attack addition, Automatic repair, Automatic recovery, Magic storage：The sword created by creation』

『Thunder Katana Seiryuu：Offensive Ability 3000, Durability 9978, Special：Divine protection, Thunder attribute attack addition, Automatic repair, Automatic recovery, Magic storage：The sword created by creation』

What a high ability.....

Although my greatsword is a gem made by a famous Demon swordsmith, it's a terrific ability that can't be compared with it.

In the first place, it's strange when there are five special effects.

It's said that there's only a little Magic Swords that have special effects.

In addition, as long as I see the name, it can be thought that there's Genbu and Byakko, right?

Isn't it unfair to have more trump cards remaining?

Oh?

Come to think of it, I wonder why does he know about the Four Gods?

I never heard the story of the Four Gods in this world before.

Well, it's fine.

Rather than that, I must think about how to defeat this monster now.

Judging from the conclusion, the close combat is a suicidal act.

My tryout attack was easily defended, and when I see the status rose immediately after that, it's clear that he has applied buff.

The status is more on magic, but as far as I see the composition of the skills, I think that he's more in close combat.

If that's the case, long distance battle is an ideal by making full use of magic and the special ability of Vampire.

If he exchanges shots with me, I can see my victory.

I activate Blood Mist, and a red mist wraps me.

In addition, I activate the Water Magic, and mix it with the mist.

Red water surrounds me.

Fufu, he's surprised.

This is the strategy that I thought out by combining the Vampire's ability and magic.

Although I can't put Acid Attack in magic, I can remove the limitation if I mix it with Blood Mist like this once.

Although I don't know the detailed theory, it's something like a trick.

A tsunami of strong acid that melts if it's touched.

That changes form as I want and attacks.

This technique that Master named as Vermilion Sea.

One of my main weapons.

That katana can't defend against it, right?

That's why, the Oni only have the choice to approach me for a close combat while avoiding it.

I keep a distance with him and intercept him so that it won't happen.

Yes, I predicted it.

The action that the Oni took betrayed my prediction.

Innumerable swords appear out of nowhere.

『Exploding Sword：Offensive Ability 2500, Durability 100, Special：Fire attribute attack addition, Self-destruction, Flying sword：The sword created by creation』

Ah, this is bad.

I cover my body instinctively with the Vermilion Sea.

In the next moment, innumerable swords come flying and pierce the Vermilion Sea that I made as a shield.

And, explode.

About half of the Vermilion Sea vanish.

It's like a missile.

Hey, isn't that cheating?

Not only in close combat, but you're also properly strong in long distance battle.

Like this, it's a different story.

But, I wonder why.

I can't help being fun.

He make full use of the strategy to overturn my prediction with only one skill called Illusion Weapon Creation.

What will fly out next?

There's somewhat an exciting feeling like the time to open a mystery package.

I wonder what will he show me next?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-3: Oni vs Oni 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni vs Oni ③

Isn’t this bad?

Isn’t this breaking the rules?

A red liquid draws near me.

While melting the surrounding trees.

I think it’s probably the effect of a strong acid attack, the speed at which the tree dissolves is not normal.

the red liquid completely melts the form of anything it touches as it passes.

Even with my defence it would be dangerous if I touch it directly.

It attacks limitlessly in all directions.

Because it’s a liquid it’s movement is unrestricted.

Futhermore it’s movements are unexpectedly quick.

I fire an explosion sword while fleeing from the red tidal wave.

The 5 explosive swords I fired approach the girl and were obstructed by a thick wall of red liquid just before they hit.

It was blocked.

A defence that can also be used to attack is troublesome.

Although the explosion from the explosion sword can disperse it to a degree it’s replenished immediately.

There is a limit to the number of explosion swords so I can not waste my shots.

Compared to my opponent who can keep fighting as long as they have MP.

The end of the MP isn’t in sight.

It recovers rapidly as soon as I use it.

If you aim to exhaust MP you must assume it’ll be a protracted fight.

As well as the magic swords I have stocked, it seems necessary to hastily construct magic swords in the middle of this fight.

Though I thought that, my opponent doesn’t seem to mind having a long battle at all.

The girl’s shadow swells greatly and something like a dark red wolf shape crawls out from it.

One of the Vampire’s abilities, Shadow Demon.

『Shadow Demon Lv-

Status

HP: 3000/3000 (Green)

MP: 1/1 (Blue)

SP: 2500/2500 (Yellow)

: 2500/2500 (Red)

Average Offensive Power: 3000

Average Defensive Power: 2500

Average Magical Power: 1

Average Resistance Power: 1500

Average Speed: 3000

Skill

[Greater Enhanced Destruction Lv2] [Greater Enhanced Damage Lv1] [Greater Enhanced Slashing Lv1] [Greater Enhanced Impact Lv1] [Strong Acid Attack Lv8]』

Wait a minute.

Isn’t it too strong?

This is much stronger than the monsters I see around…

I’m amazed to learn that it even has some skills.

Furthermore, despite thinking there’s only one more come out of her shadow one by one.

8 Shadow Demons in total line up before the girl.

And they dash out the moment the girl raises her hand.

The red tidal wave and the dark red shadow demon attack me simultaneously.

No, this will be impossible to avoid.

As I avoid the red tidal wave somehow, a Shadow Demon lunges to the point I evaded to.

I am bitten by the fang of the Shadow Demon without being able to finish dealing with it.

I cut down the Shadow Demon which bit me and launch a thunderbolt at the remaining Shadow Demons who are leaping at me.

The next moment, water falls from overhead.

I feel pain as my skin melts at the same time.

It’s been a while since I took damage.

However it’s not to the extent that I can’t stand.

I don’t have acid resistance, however the damage can be considerably reduced by my defence

I release the power of fire and thunder to blow away the red water which was clinging to my body.

If I continue taking this without doing anything, it’ll become a fatal wound.

The girl also understands this.

For this reason she continues to turn her eyes towards me.

The eyes which contained the power of Demon Eye.

The Grudge and Stasis Curse Demon Eyes.

The Grudge Curse Demon Eye absorbs my HP MP and SP.

I also have a skill called Grudge Curse, the effect seems to be similiar as well. The Demon Eye can absorb the power of the opponent just by looking at them. I can’t use my skill unless I’m touching my opponent directly.

I think it’s performance is slightly too good to only have to see them.

With only a little bit being absorbed my HP doesn’t change much.

The Stasis Demon Eye cause the abnormal status paralysis.

Though both are troublesome, the Stasis Demon Eye are particularly bad.

It’ll be impossible to do anything if I become paralyzed.

Though I have resistance the effect may accumulate over time and I’ll be paralyzed.

As expected the worst part is I have to get rid of that red tidal wave endlessly.

If so how long until I die.

Die.

Huh?

I should want to die.

Despite this I’m thinking about how to win.

Why?

My body seems to ignore the bewilderment of my heart and moves independantly.

At the risk of receiving damage I thrust into a Shadow Demon and cut it down.

Of course as I hit the Shadow Demon the red tidal wave takes the opportunity to attack me.

My body is being swallowed and melted.

I blow it off with thunder and fire.

Hmm?

Is the output weak?

I’m startled and look at the thunder sword and fire sword.

Half the blade of the thunder and fire swords has been melted and the durability has greatly decreased.

I’ve been had.

Even if my body could endure it my weapons could not.

Though I don’t know whether or not you aimed for it, having my weapons destroyed is really disadvantageous for me.

Though it’s bad it’s not the worst.

I pour MP into the thunder and flame swords.

Restoration.

As the skill level of Illusion Weapon Creation went up I became able to repair magic swords.

With this the thunder and fire sword are also fine.

However the MP cost can’t be taken lightly.

While Illusion Weapon Creation is convenient the consumption of MP is intense.

I cannot restore them over and over again.

When it comes to this I’m at a greater disadvantage in a drawn out battle.

To win I have no choice but to fight in close combat without losing to my rage before my MP runs out.

I have no choice but to use the magic swords stored in a different dimension generously.

This girl is that strong.

I can’t win if I’m stingy.

The girl summons Shadow Demons again.

A stance completely devoted to long distance battle.

Then it’s essential I get close.

Again.

Once again I think of winning.

If it’s this strong girl she’ll kill me.

That will be fine.

Shouldn’t that be fine?

Why am I think of winning?

While being conflicted I rush towards the girl.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-4: Oni Vs Oni 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni Vs Oni ④

Wait, don’t joke around!?

Even after taking Vermilion Sea head on, the damage he took is almost zero!

In addition, the bites of the pochi(Dog)-types are not effective.

Among the shadow demons that I can summon my pochi-type Shadow Demons boast the highest attack capabilities.

Although I do have the piyo(Bird)-types for surveillance and the chyuu(Mouse)-types for assassinations, if you are talking about the highest attack power, it is definitely the pochi-types.

The shadow demons that I summon have several skills similar to me. But the pochi-types do possess some specialized physical skills.

Even after receiving those attacks from the pochi-types, not even a little damage is inflicted on the oni.

The difference in the status seems a little too much huh..

At present, I have a hunch that I can grasp the upper hand but advancing closer is probably dangerous.

It will be good if the Demon Eye of Stasis is effective against him. But, should I not let the oni come closer to continue controlling him? TL: seems weird but 近づけず is the negative form

That’s probably a little harsh

If it’s Master’s eyes, it will probably work.

Are Demon Eyes race specific? Is it a skill that can’t be obtained without special talent? In my case I was able to obtain it because my race is Vampire.

Master’s Evil Eyes are the more powerful version and my Demon Eyes are the degraded version.

Still, the only difficult part is it’s acquisition and I think the effect is nasty even if I say so myself.

Even the oni can’t get through these Demon Eyes.

My current method of defeating the oni is to use my Demon Eye of Stasis to seal it’s movement or damage him little by little to kill it.

Either way, I must resign myself to a long battle.

Sure enough, the oni lunged in prepared to take damage.

That’s right.

If neither Vermilion Sea nor the pochi-types prove fatal, rather than giving priority to evasion, it’s better to bring him into close combat and take some damage.

I think I understand that a drawn out battle is disadvantageous for my opponent, on the other hand a short decisive battle is disadvantageous for me.

However, do you think I’ll obediently let you do that?

I release the magic I have stored.

I start parallel will.

I add ice and darkness magic to Vermilion Sea to attack the oni.

Ice and dark spears fly and pierce the body of the oni.

Ah, it didn’t pierce.

Because some blood flowed it seems to have damaged him a little, but it has not pierced through it’s body completely.

After all his status and resistance skills are high and above all else the magic obstruction of Dragon Power is troublesome.

Compared to the cost to use it the inflicted damage is insignificant.

However it’s not 0.

Constant attacks will surely whittle down the oni’s HP.

The damage dealt is slightly higher than the rate of Automatic Recovery.

In addition I have succeeded in slowing it down with multiple attacks.

As it is, it’s my victory.

Though I don’t think it’ll be easy.

Look, a sword came out from space.

Hey, that’s a lot!

Wawawa-wait!

There are hundreds of them!?

Huh, they are all exploding swords?

If that many swords explode won’t this whole area vanish!?

That’s bad.

Although it’s far away there are students from my school nearby.

It can’t be helped, right?

If that’s true I’ll have to stop holding back my trump card and perform it here.

The swords fly.

That is like a wall of blades.

A weapon in order to slice, pierce, and even explode the enemy’s body.

I invoke magic towards the group of swords.

Ice Prison Magic [Shining Mist]

A beautiful mist that shines white.

It’s actually a mist of death that freezes and shatters everything it touches into flakes

It mixes with my Blood Mist and becomes a shining vermilion mist.

My greatest attack that I’ve not even shown to Master.

If I had to name it would it be Shining Blood Mist?

Shining Blood Mist collides with the group of swords.

the swords explode and the shock attacks the Shining Blood Mist.

However the impact made everything freeze and it isn’t possible melt nor blow away all of the Shining Blood Mist flakes away

It’s all useless before the radiance that even freezes explosions.

Indeed that should be the case, but the Shining Blood Mist has been reduced by more than half, only about 30% remains.

The boasted flying swords are blocked and I set the remaining Shining Blood Mist on the dumbfounded oni.

The oni came to his senses, pulls a new sword from space and wields it.

At the same time the the ground swells and it becomes a huge wall that blocks the Shining Blood Mist.

However expecting that wall to prevent my ultimate technique, aren’t you making light of me a little?

The Shining Blood Mist breaks down the material with acid, rapidly freezes it and shatters it.

Regular dirt can’t become a shield against it.

The wall of dirt is ruined without any resistance and the Shining Blood Mist approaches the oni.

The oni attempts to counterbalance it with flames.

As a result the flames are overwhelmed and it takes away the oni’s right arm.

In the end the power of the flames is decreased considerably and he only has one arm remaining.

With luck on my side it’s over with this. Though it thought very well, it seems things didn’t go that well.

Although, since it lost one arm will it be able to endure my pursuit?

Vermilion Sea and Pochi-types attack the oni so the Shining Blood Mist can chase him.

Again and again, I construct new magic chasing it making further attacks.

Again and again and again, one of the parallel wills begins preparations for Shining Mist.

Drowning in Vermilion Sea, getting bitten by pochi and pierced by magic.

Before it finishes pulling through, another Shining Blood Mist approaches. Can it endure this?

At the moment I was convinced of my victory the Vermilion Sea, Pochi and magic were blown away, cut and scattered and a blade was half pushed into my body.

What happened?

Damage, did I receive damage?

I who am protected by Heaven Scale?

After being blown off away and rolling on the ground, I get up and check my body. My right arm is partially torn up.

Though it regenerates immediately, the problem is that I can not understand how the oni managed to damage my body.

However when I look up and face the oni I understand the answer.

All Status 99999.

It’s impossible.

I wonder if my head is a little strange?

Although I joke like this, it’s not necessarily unlikely.

“GAAAAAAA!”

The oni howls.

A howl only intent on destruction and without a fragment of reason.

I suddenly remembered something.

Wrath.

The skill that I was cautious of.

It seems that it has been activated.

The increase in status has far exceed my miscalculated assumption.

Though I thought the limit was double, this is hopeless.

It might be a little bad.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-5: Oni vs Oni 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni vs Oni ⑤

Oh, I have expected this.

Wrath has been triggered.

It happened against my will

Even if wrath is activated, I did not lose my will.

What does this mean?

I’m not sure.

Massacring during the time I lost my sanity or not being able to do anything while being shown an atrocity… Which is better?

Whichever it is, it’s still fine.

I’m shocked however.

Even with wrath active, the damage is still insignificant

Normally, it will not be strange if a single sweeping punch split the girl’s body in two, but this time, the blow cuts the the girl’s arm in half.

Even if her status exceeded 10,000, it’s just weird for her to receive my attack infused with wrath.

Taking a closer look, there were seems to be white scales on the girl’s skin.

Rather, it resembles a snake’s scale.

She has the Heaven Scale skill which I thought only dragons can have those

It’s a mystery why she has a skill limited to dragons, still thanks to that, her defense skyrocketed which prevented my attack

Moreover, the arm that was nearly torn, closed up immediately

It’s hard and recovers fast.

On top of that, in long distance combat, because she reduces the number of hits it’s harder to deal damage.

Can I defeat her through normal means?

Although, I can’t beat her even with Wrath activated.

Against this girl, I have understood the importance of skills.

This girl is inferior when it comes to status, but is undoubtedly superior in terms of skills.

Still, with the huge difference in status, I can overturn her skills.

I cut the girl’s body with my sword.

The girl can’t follow my movements.

She couldn’t defend in time

Even with her high defense due to Heaven Scale, if I continuously attack her with the strength that cut her arms into half, her HP will run out.

While being slashed from every direction, the girl invoked an ice magic.

It seems similar to the red diamond dust magic when I previously still had my arm.

But unlike earlier, the situation is different.

The red diamond dust hits my body, yet I remained unscathed.

Her eyes widened.

That was a fatal gap, I took the opportunity and swung my sword at her neck.

There was a feedback.

It felt hard.

The katana that penetrates was shaken off.

Her head flew in the air.

The appraisal showed that her HP is decreasing rapidly over time.

The girl caught her head and put it back on her neck.

Wha!?

What was that!?

My heart was taken over by surprise, then Wrath swiftly overruled to deal with it.

If the neck won’t do, the heart should.

In vampire exterminations of ancient times, they skewered the heart.

A high speed thrust was driven through her chest.

The girl somehow catches the sword

Immediately after stopping the blow, the sword shattered, then the girl was blown away.

The power has been emphasized too much, the attribute seems to bias more on shock rather than pierce.

The sword was broken because of that, it didn’t even reach the girl.

Moreover, being blown by the impact, the girl incidentally reached an advantageous distance.

Losing my reason to wrath would put me at a disadvantage.

When I lose myself to Wrath, I would be seen as a berserker who runs wild.

But, apparently my skill remains.

The sword god skill in particular.

Even if I lost my reason, the skill won’t be lost.

Still, unable to make a sound judgement, I would be prone to make wrong decisions.

The moment we separated, the girl started recovering.

The magic covered the girl’s neck with light.

The cut on her neck turned disappeared.

Ain’t that cheating? I thought.

I’m really amazed by the pseudo-immortality.

Still, it’s not really immortality.

In fact, her HP has been reduced quite considerably.

Even if it was cured physically, cutting her neck severely damaged her.

When the same thing happened again, she won’t be able to endure it.

That said, she has the immortality and the resurrection skill as a vampire.

With these two skills, even limiting to resurrection, she just won’t die.

Whatever kind of attack I do, she’d be able to withstand it.

I should want to use my spare energy to escape

She knows about it.

Even with the Wrath active, I still couldn’t win.

Then, I just have to escape to survive.

It might be a little difficult. But if the girl who have abundance ways of attacking and an immortal body only defends, I might just be able to escape this.

That’s why, I ran.

The girl laughed on my hopeless thoughts.

The uninterested eyes clearly shows intention.

Is there something else?

The details of the skill “Envy” was hidden during appraisal, that makes me anxious.

From it’s name, I think the its power is comparable with Wrath, but how will it overturn the situation?

The girl has wounds all over her body.

For now, my lost arm has completely regenerated. I took a sword from an empty space.

Even if envy’s power is comparable to wrath, will I be able to overturn this disadvantage on skills?

However, I can see in her face that she’s certainly confident.

Then, let’s believe.

That she can beat me.

Then, I won’t worry about anything,

I will die, just as I wished before.

Die

Thinking that my body will be finally be free, my heart throbbed

Am I afraid?

Of death.

After killing so many, is it too late to be afraid of dying?

I’m really selfish.

Scary.

But I don’t have any choice but to die.

Is there any reason for me to live on in this state?

What is it worth?

There shouldn’t be any.

Then, I have no choice but to die.

Yet, it scares me.

Showing my selfish desire to live, I moved away from the girl’s slash

The girl tries to do something

Darkness, nothing but darkness, absolute darkness

A man appeared before my eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-oni-6: Oni vs Oni 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni vs Oni ⑥

Who the heck is this guy?

A black man suddenly fell from the sky.

A man covered in pure black armor.

No, should I say that his body is made of armor.

Or possibly a steel shell.

『Impossible to appraise』

The man’s identity is unknown

As far as I know, this is only displayed when I use appraisal on Master.

Someone like Master?

If that’s so, then this is one ridiculous monster.

The man stood up between me and the Oni, with me on his back and the Oni on his front.

Despite the shocks that comes with the land sinking in, he stood up from his knees making a daunting pose.

The thirst for blood sends chills down my spine.

The Oni, recognizing him as an enemy, drew his sword

The man took the blow without a care.

The sword that the Oni was holding immediately shattered.

I can see it.

According to my perception skill, the man had spread a barrier

It’s similar to the Dragon God Barrier Ariel uses.

However, it’s not the same

The barrier in the man’s body is on a higher level, with a more complex composition

I understand the extent of the exceptional performance that the barrier possesses, but I do not know fully how effective it is .

The Oni discarded the broken sword, then brings out another from an empty space.

At the same time, the man dodges the second slash from the other arm which just regenerated.

The man, who was troubled with the swinging arms, crushed them.

Both of the Oni’s arms

The Oni, who should be driven with madness, stepped back and screamed.

In that one step the Oni made, the man casually steps forward, then kicks the legs of the Oni, breaking them.

The Oni crashed to the ground.

The chain of events looks like it was done slowly.

The man easily crushed the swinging Oni’s sword and arm and during the Oni’s retreat, he lightly kicked the Oni away.

It seemed like that.

Nevertheless, it’s impossible for the Oni to avoid the damage.

That Oni who couldn’t be damaged even with my strongest attack

The man grasped the head of the Oni who fell to the ground and lifted it up.

Should I stop them?

Don’t joke with me.

That’s my prey

Don’t suddenly come and steal it!

I release Vermilion Sea towards the man’s back without holding back.

The moment the huge amount of red water reached the man, it evaporated like mist.

「Eh？」

It can’t be helped that I raised such a stupid cry

Even if it is stopped by the barrier, in a flashier way, it felt like the water slammed into a wall.

The moment the Vermilion sea hits the barrier, it just vanished completely, just like it never existed in the first place. Even sounds are swallowed by the barrier

In any case, that was my trump card that I was going to use against the Oni

Truly, my last trump card.

Envy.

The skill that forcefully disables enemy skills

Master reminded me never to use it . But if I don’t use it now, when can i ever use it!

「Stop that」

Before I know it, the man is standing in front of me.

While I was lost in thought, the man approached me.

I don’t know when he moved

Possibly, I couldn’t remember him slowly walking towards me and he’s now in front of me.

「That skill erodes your soul, just like that Oni, don’t use it if you don’t want to lose sight of yourself」

The man’s hand reached my head

Slowly

Yet, I can’t avoid it.

My body won’t listen to me, It’s as if I’m paralyzed

And then, the man’s hand reached my head.

It was such a gentle hand, even in this situation, I did feel at ease.

As if melting, my consciousness faded away.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

Administrator Kuro laid down the sleeping girl gently

Then, he faced the Oni whose feet had been crushed

「Gaaaaaaaaaaaa！」

The Oni roared.

Hearing the roar, Kuro’s face distorted

「You’re also, a pitiful victim」

Various emotions can be seen on the distorted man’s face.

The emotion is chaotic and can’t be expressed with words.

「Sorry, but I won’t let you go. I won’t kill you, but I won’t set you free. I won’t forgive you. That’s because you got involved with us.」

And the battle begins

However, it was one-sided trampling, it couldn’t even be called a battle

The Oni’s swords couldn’t hurt the man, it’s being broken like a paper scraps.

In contrast, the Man’s attacks hurt the Oni.

From the other side it can be seen as the man beating him lightly, but the strengthened body of the Oni is being crushed to the bone.

Then left alone after injuring it to some degree.

Waiting for the Oni to recover his wounds.

And then, the Oni is harmed once again.

The spectacle continued for a while, finally, the Oni stopped swinging his sword.

Regeneration skill isn’t infinite, the status’s effect is showing up.

His power is exhausted.

At the same time, Wrath, which was making it possible for the Oni to move, also loses its effect.

The Oni falls down feebly.

The man looked down on the Oni and spat out a sigh.

「Are you satisfied with this？」

A single white spider gazed motionlessly at the man, as he spoke.

「I know, if I kill this Oni, I will turn you bastard and D into my enemy, right？」

The white spider didn’t say anything

「Even if this guy is a victim. The anger I am feeling now, venting my anger by hitting anyone makes me feel refreshed. It can’t be helped, this is my revenge. 」

He muttered feeling more refreshed

The white spider didn’t respond to his mumbling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 213: This was slightly more delayed than initially intended.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

This was slightly more delayed than initially intended.

When we finished the Oni Vs Oni arc we were perilously close to catching up with the author. I felt it best to leave it a couple of days to allow us some breathing room.

My intention was to get this chapter ready by Sunday, but unfortunately one of my family members has become severely injured and I’ve spent a lot of time nursing them. This has kept me busier than I expected.

Without any further ado, we finally return to the normal story.

213 Vampire Rearing Plan・Continued

Returns to chronological order.

***

During the stay in town, I made the Vampire girl practice magic.

It’s fine letting her use the skill points but it may because I barely have any skill point myself, but if possible I wanted to have her keep them without using them.

This is bad, I’m developing a poor person’s mentality.

Oh well, isn’t it fine?

That’s why I decided to have the vampire girl watch and learn it.

The attribute I’ve chosen is Dark.

This is the result of the Demon King’s appraisal of the vampire girl’s attributes. In order the good ones are Ice, Water and Dark. The weak ones in order are Light, Fire and Lightning.

To tell the truth, I wanted to train her in Ice and Water magic, however unfortunately I can not use either Ice or Water magic.

Because I have been separated from the system, the magic I can use is slightly different from the ones of this world.

How should I put it, the magic that I use is Orthodox, the magic of the system is unorthodox.

With magic of the system, a strange elemental attribute is incorporated. ( okay)

Properly speaking, the water which comes from water magic is water, but it adds in an additional attribute.

And the amount of damage increases and decreases by calculating the opponent’s weakest attributes and defense number

When I was within the system, fire was my greatest weak point.

However now I don’t have weaknesses like.

Because it was the fire attribute which I had trouble dealing with, not fire itself.

Generally between an equivalent water ball or fireball, if I said which would deal greater damage, it would be an ordinary fireball

Despite this, in this world both will be the same damage.

Isn’t that point strange?

Generally I agree that if you hit something with water it’ll deal damage, but what about light and darkness?

They would be physically impossible to deal damage with.

This is the additional characteristic effect of the attributes.

For example, fire which originally deals a lot of damage has it’s damage adjusted.

Whereas water and earth, deals a small amount of damage and the amount of damage is adjusted up.

With things like Dark and Light which are originally incorporeal , damage is added

It’s added respectively.

D was also the one that made useless elaborate specifications.

Though the strong and weak points are extremely well-made, strictly speaking, the purpose of the system are redundant factors. D is just playing around.

There are game elements here and there, but I think the best example is the attributes.

Well, I can’t reproduce it this concept of attributes by magic.

This happens based on the system. I’m not a part of it, so I cannot use it.

The only exception is darkness, the other magic is similar, but the contents are completely different, it’ll only be magic.

Even if you learn it, it probably won’t lead to the acquisition of a skill.

Whilst magic outside the system sounds good, within the system it is just a degradation of the magic skill.

Because attributes amount is subtracted.

So I decided to have her learn dark magic which is an exception as it’s identical in the system.

Why is Dark magic the only exception? Because only this magic exists normally outside the system.

As magic used by the evil god D.

Ah- Oh well.

She proclaims herself the worst evil god.

Even if dark magic can be used, it isn’t a mystery.

Well, when I got deified I received 「God’s basic course」 which clearly described D as a god who controlled darkness.

Yep.

That’s why, because dark magic is her forte, it was original magic which has been incorporated into the system

Therefore the same magic can be used even if you can not use the system.

When learning by seeing the same magic, you can acquire the skill faster.

Or rather

I was lucky that the vampire girl has an aptitude for the darkness attribute.

For the time being I’ll let her learn Dark magic as a trial and determine the other attributes based on that.

And so, I left a clone to instruct her in magic while I went to town with the Demon King.

Conclusion.

There is no sign of progress at all.

あんれー？

Huuh-?

Was the method wrong?

That’s strange.

I was able to memorize it that way, it’s impossible for it to not be possible.

Mmm?

No, it’s still the first day.

If I try to think about it, I might not have understood the sense of using magic if I didn’t have the skill from the start.

If I assume so, it is not necessary to be impatient and I should look at it in the long term.

I won’t hurry her in particular. Let’s have her continue as is.

More. Than. That!

Food, food!

Alcohol, alcohol!

The Demon King’s cooking is delicious.

Her long life isn’t just for show.

Her skill is professional level and the ingredients used are also good as we weren’t frugal on spending.

It’s impossible for this to become disgusting!

The time of supreme bliss has come this evening!

Let’s eat!

“Ah, Shiro got drunk immediately.”

“Shouldn’t you stop her?”

“It’s futile even if I stop her.”

Somehow it seems really loud outside, but right now I feel good so I’ll let em off with the rice that is full of delicious happiness and flowing sake, you’ve finally done it, me!

“Excuse me, the young lady is getting licked though?”

“I think it is a necessary expense to get licked, is what I have decided. It would be best to not mess with a drunk Shiro.”

“That’s a problem. It will be necessary to stop her in an emergency.”

“Gee- , don’t ya know it’s impossible for me to stop Shiro?”

Tender.

Ah it’s getting excessive but the Demon King is getting angry so won’t it be good to stop?

It can’t be helped, I’ll hold back.

I’m great!

“Yes, yes. Let go of the sleeping young lady’s hand.”

“Muu-”

If I really have to, then I guess there’s no choice.

“Then, I’ll lay you on a bed”

“Yes please”

Muu-

What an irritating face-.

Not enjoying alcohol is bad.

“Drink.”

“Yes?”

“Drink it-!”

I poke the bottle into her mouth and pour the alcohol in.

Isn’t that a good way of drinking, dear customer.

Just like that, chug! chug!

“Buhoo!?”

Ah- It was spat out.

What a waste.

“W-What?”

“What an irritating face!”

I hit her with the empty bottle.

‘Just from becoming a vampire-urgurgurgurgurgrug, pathetic’

I begin to long windedly tell the story of my hardships when I was reborn as a spider.

People don’t realize how blessed they are just by being able to stand!

I’ll make sure ya’ll understand this today, I ain’t lettin’ ya sleep!

***

Good morning.

Huh?

Isn’t it already the afternoon.

Uwah, didn’t I over sleep?

Then isn’t this good afternoon?

“Good morning”

I heard some very refreshing greetings.

Turning around and looking back, Mera has a bright dazzling smile.

Hmm?

Was he always this kind of character?

“Thank you for yesterday. Thanks to you I made a breakthrough.”

Yesterday?

Did something happen?

“What’s important is what one accomplishes not what one becomes right. I’ve decided what I should accomplish. Until yesterday I worried too much about what I’d become and my resolution was shaken.”

Um-

I can’t follow the conversation?

“I am prepared from now on. I’ve accepted that I am a vampire and I will protect the young lady.”

Ah, yes.

Really? Please do your best.

Eh?

How should I comment besides this?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 214: What I can do now.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

214 What I can do now.

I left the town.

I will keep the delicious food and alcohol at this time.

Oh my God!

Well, it can’t be helped.

I can’t drink alcohol outside as expected

Also, if you take in bliss continuously, you’ll get bored eventually.

Things like this needs a cool-off period.

I understand a little more about the joys of an after work beer for salarymen.

If I have a complaint, it would be about the vampire girl not learning magic at all.

Far from learning, as she seems to be unable to grasp the magic I worry for her future.

Well, but I can’t say that to the person either.

It’s good that I’m a God

This is the result of my efforts.

But, it’s painful to be completely excluded from the system.

To be frank, the things I can do now as pales in comparison to the previous me.

I take out a thread.

I’m still able to properly make threads, not as a skill but because I’m originally a spider.

In fact, since it is now out of the system framework, I can completely customize the thread.

I can’t help but say that I got weak on everything else.

Thanks to the magic not being able to attach parts of the removed attributes, it weakened.

All except Darkness system, Space Magic, Therapy Magic and Heresy Magic attribute is not present.

Even with Therapy magic, since I become a God, I regenerate even without the use of magic, so it’s useless.

As the space magic does not receive any more assistance from the system anymore, invoking it becomes unstable. Therefore, I need to practice it.

Heresy Magic can be used. Well, there are no opportunities to use it.

There is also the fact that, depending on the enemy there are types of magic that are rendered useless, the only magic that can essentially be used is darkness, so to speak.

Well, that’s only when thinking about combat, there’s no problem when using it in daily life.

I can make self-shaved ice from ice.

Though I didn’t do that.

I’m not resistant

Because resistance involves attributes, my defense-system is gone.

Abnormal state resistance might be disabled, so I eat normal food.

It is inconvenient that I’m in such a state

I can’t do anything now, almost all I’ve done has an attribute.

Space Magic is a bit special.

The other attributes are inconsequential but out of those that I can’t use anymore, the one that shocked me the most is Poison

The poison that supported me to make the finest threads, a peerless one is now gone.

All poisons in this world has poison attribute.

There’s no chemically made poison, just magically made.

That’s why, it’s not really called poison, but more like “A continuous magic damage”

I was producing poison via poison synthesis and only water came out!

If you see it from the magic perspective or the system’s, it’s genuine H2O

That’s because poison resistance is in poison attribute, to tell you the truth, the poison has no meaning

There’s no chemically made poison in this world because of the system, the amount of poison won’t affect anything.

生成されないってだけで、持ち込めないってわけじゃないから、地球から硝酸カリあたりを拝借してくれば普通に使えるけど。

It isn’t created, because it can’t be brought in. However, if I use potassium nitrate from this world, I can make it.

The only one who can do it now is Kuro

Next is the evil eye.

The usable and non-usable ones are separated.

The usable ones are Farsight, Foresight, and Destruction eye.

The non-usable eyes are Grudge, Paralysis and Magnet

Farsight is like a telescope and it is easy to use.

Foresight is a bit weakened, but it’s still not unusable.

Without the system’s assistance, math process becomes extremely complicated, it has been a burden to use, but I can still use it.

Destruction, yup, I can use it.

As the things i can’t use are all the attributes, It can’t be helped.. really can’t be helped

Those that affect the HP through the system such as Grudge, paralysis and magnet is attributed.

Thread, poison, magic, and evil eyes.

These four were my biggest weapons, now, one was lost, and two were half-usable

It’s a sign that I’ve weakened.

Why is that not obvious?

There is no way God is a weak existence.

Of course it’ll reduce what I can do.

There’s no doubt.

But even if the things I can do has reduced, the quality has increased exponentially.

First of all, Status.

Since I’m out of the system, my precise status doesn’t exist.

However, as the physical capabilities are improved by magic, similar effects to this world’s status can also be displayed.

But, unlike the fixed status, I can freely adjust it.

You can say that my physical capabilities can be controlled more freely.

As my magical power cannot be compared to before apotheosis, thus my physical capabilities have been reinforced and my status would easily be over 100,000.

Since the upper limit is 99999, it is impossible to win against me in status.

Moreover, 100, 000 is under normal circumstances. If it’s in a battle, the output can also increase a little more.

I can also penetrate the Demon King’s Physical Nullify because the load exceeds the upper limit the skill can tolerate.

It’s called bulldozing.

Even with that, no one can defeat Kuro in this world.

D’s gift 「God’s basic course」, also describes the minimum amount of power usage required as God.

I may be the lowest rank but, it’s possible to get the battle ability just to call oneself a God.

Also, even I lost my powers and my skills, my memory of using it is not lost.

The attribute from system can’t be reproduced, but, with time, it is possible to make something similar to it.

Among the skills I’ve lost, I think I can develop techniques similar to them.

For the meantime, I want to restore evil eye.

To do that, I isolated my body in a different space and

I made a clone collect the babies which had been born from the revival eggs so I could absorb them.

The power of each individual one isn’t much. Because the imitation Parallel Will isn’t much different, I put each in charge of reproducing an ability.

I’m repeatedly working hard, even though my main body is idle.

The swan gracefully moves on the water’s surface, to make it happen it’s moving it’s feet furiously.

My main body isn’t lazy.

As nai as it could possibly be.

That’s how I trained in a concealed place in the middle of the journey.

Fu~ I want this vampire girl to follow my example a little.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 215: Like I'd live in this world! I'm going home!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

215 Like I’d live in this world! I’m going home!

The glances from other people are becoming annoying after I became a person.

Ugh, annoying.

Those stares are annoying.

Especially from the men.

First they look at my face, but then don’t you think it’s rude to stare at my bodyline? (Pun:Kumo you sexy beast, -I mean spider) (ED[Missere Meow]: I fap to Shiraori’s smexy body every time)

I’m wearing a loose robe to cover my body as much as possible, but there are limits. Like, when my neckline is exposed, suddenly I get goosebumps.

But I’m a spider.(Pun: But that’s forbidden love!)

I know that there’s that kind of fetish, but I didn’t expect that I’d become a target of such.

Is my hairstyle bad?

Is doing triple braid exposing my nape is bad?

Should I undo it?

However, if I undo it then I’d have to wear THAT.

It’s like I can’t fool the people’s eyes and prevent them all from focusing on me.

Hm?

I can do it right?

I mean, isn’t this easy?

Isn’t this easy with the camouflage skill?

Even if I don’t use a skill, I can use a similar magic as substitute perhaps?

Let’s start the other body camouflage magic immediately

Good luck, other me!

I kept on traveling like that.

Little by little, I can make skills.

It’s thanks to my other body that’s working hard.

With an extra body, I need to increase the energy allowance.

I can’t use spawning skill anymore, so it’s troublesome to make an extra body.

Just chop of a part of my body, and connect them together, and finish!

The lost part will just regenerate itself.

So much energy is consumed in production that my body is worn out

Now, I can mass produce 100 bodies a day.

With the steady increase, the work efficiency improved, that’s why I’ll just speed up even more.

An event has occurred.

It occurred in a certain place in town

Because Maou’s traveling expenses are exhausted, we dropped off to the adventurer’s guild

It looks like the adventurer’s guild is a bank

Maou has stored money there.

By the way, Maou is also registered as an adventurer.

But she can’t do much because it would be a huge rumor.

Since I was interested in the adventurer’s guild, I decided to go with her.

Adventurer’s guilds are fantasy’s standard spot, I want to visit it at least once.

I visited the adventurer’s guild with such lighthearted feelings, and a tragedy happened.

“Oh, a beauty!”

I suddenly got caught by drunk men.

Speaking about being in the adventurer’s guild for the first time, surveying the inside of the building with great interest becomes futile.

Speaking of, in addition to my new human body, whilst there was also no possibility which can give me harm, it was also bad that I was careless.

That’s why I was late to notice the hostile approach of the drunk adventurers.

His hand was already on my shoulder when I noticed him.

I, who was not accustomed with physical contact stiffened.

From there, I moved like an amateur martial artist.

It’s a shame that the opponent wasn’t flung quickly.

I did well reacting with that stiff body. The drunk men dared to do more.

He touched me.

“Oh！She’s a slender under clothing type isn’t she?”

He touched me.

For the first time in my life, I was touched

Normally, in such situation I should just blush and shout “Kyaa!” ?

That might be the right answer, but I can’t do it.

On the contrary, I turned pale and fainted.

When I came into, I was lying down in the break room in the adventurer’s guild.

With Maou beside me.

“You okay?”

The Maou’s face consists of 10% worry, 90% anxiety.

Her restless worry shows up in her face.

She should worry about me that much

For the meantime I nod.

Yeah, I’m okay.

It’s just that my breast are rubbed.

No, not a bit, not even a bit.

*Knock sound*

The drunktard from earlier came in.

And BANG! When I noticed, I was already at the corner of the ceiling, taking refugee.

I-It’s not scary

I said it’s not scary!

“Come on! She’s scared because you did that.”

Another man came from the drunk man’s behind and beat his head mercilessly.

“Sorry, I’m really sorry”

The sobered man apologizes in DOGEZA

It’s fine, I forgive you, I forgive you already so get out already!

Just get a little bit farther away.

Go somewhere!

Shoo! Shoo!

While I kept saying those in my mind, Maou chased out the adventurer.

“Shiro-chan, you’re bad at this aren’t you?”

“I’m not good at talking with people, do you think I’d be okay with touching?”

“That’s true.”

Ah. The devil’s laughing face shows that she holds my weakness now.

“Just to tell you, If you tell someone about this, I’ll destroy the world.”

I said it with a straight face.

The smug-face of Maou froze

I was exposed to such an ungraceful abomination by surprise this time, but I will not forgive those who will sexually harass me.

N O T O U C H !

I’d normally whack them before they can even touch me

However, those eyes are scary.

The high level of fear resistance I’ve lost, to actually drive me into a corner.

I mean, I was seriously weak against that guy’s hand.

While I have imagined that situation in my head many times and have prepared against it, when it actually happened I couldn’t do anything.

No, I believe that humans are scary.

Men. Scary.

C-Calm down

I’m okay, I’m okay.

It’s special this time, as long as I don’t do anything, I won’t be attacked. I think.

Ah, the last time I was attacked in the city.

No good!

Why does the race of ‘man’ exist in this world?!

That’s right, it’s the men’s fault.

Would the problem be solved if I eliminate men?

I congratulated myself for coming up with such a nice idea.

“Are you thinking of something no good?”

I’m not thinking of such things.

Ah, let’s just end this as a joke.

Seriously, I feel like I should hurry up the development of camouflage magic. So I won’t be dragged into some serious accidents.

When I started to think about putting effort on the development of camouflage magic, my other body contacted me.

“The route to Earth is opened,” it says.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 216: Temporary Return
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

216 Temporary Return

It stunk.

The assault of the worst stench of my life made me reflexively lower the sensitivity of my nose.

A nose as good as a dog’s turned into one as good as a human’s.

Still, the unpleasantness had taken hold and didn’t quite go away.

The wind caressed my skin.

Another hardly pleasant sensation.

Frankly, it was cold.

All kinds of sounds reached my ears.

The people walking past me talking.

The cars driving by.

Music leaking from the apartment buildings.

I was in front of the station in a town that set the delicate line between rural and metropolitan.

I had returned to Japan.

Among the duties I had given my clones, the most important had been finding a way to teleport to earth.

There were a number of reasons.

Games, manga, sweets, instant noodles.

Eh?

There’s no good reason coming to mind?

Oh, whatever.

First, I entered a convenience store.

By the way, I wasn’t wearing my usual robe.

It screamed “fantasy” way too clearly. Instead I had changed into clothes that wouldn’t feel out of place in Japan.

It seemed to be winter, so I was wearing an appropriate white coat as well as a skirt and boots.

I was completely white, so with my white clothes, I did stand out.

Changing their color wasn’t impossible, but it’s a pain.

I’d go back soon anyway, so as long as they don’t call the police on me, standing out a bit is no problem.

Having my eyes closed all the time might be a bit dangerous though.

Inside the convenience store, I grabbed the next best magazine.

Then, I checked the issue.

Seeing the date, although not entirely unexpected, gave me a little surprise.

Although more than five earth-years had passed in the other world, here only half a year had gone by.

Apparently the flow of time differed.

Was this the special theory of relativity?

Nah, I only wanted to say that once. I don’t know the special theory of relativity, so I wouldn’t know anyway.

Welp, being hung-up over physics in a world with magic energy and stuff is weird anyway.

But still, half a year, huh…

Figures that things still look like I remember them.

After five years, the buildings and so may very well look different, so I thought it was strange when that wasn’t the case.

So when I thought “No way” and checked, I turned out to be right.

Since I was already there, I caught up reading the weekly manga inside the store and left without buying anything.

Eh?

Buy something?

I’m broke. Got a problem?

Besides, the clerk gave me those dubious looks when I kept reading manga eyes closed~

I hurriedly made my exit.

Yep.

My X-ray vision works properly on earth, too.

In the first place, if magic didn’t work here, I wouldn’t have been able to teleport here. My safe arrival proved that wrong.

In literature, earth often doesn’t develop magic for reasons like having no magic energy, but that doesn’t seem to be the case.

No idea why it didn’t develop though.

Somebody might be pulling strings behind the scenes, but what do I know.

Still, I wanted to head to the likely candidate for that string-pulling.

It goes without saying that candidate is D.

My biggest reason for coming to earth was meeting D in person.

Entertainment and such were only secondary.

Really, okay?

I knew about D, but that was it.

We’d never met.

But my pride didn’t allow me becoming the kin of someone I’d never met.

I originally really didn’t want to become someone’s underling.

Even if I was to make a concession and unwillingly give in there, I at least wanted it to be for someone I can accept.

That’s why I had to judge D with my own eyes.

Was that person worthy for me to work for?

Unfortunately, I probably wouldn’t be able to win with power.

D was the creator behind a super-complex, large scale magic like the System, if nothing else.

Knowing a fraction of that, I caught a glimpse of its artistic perfection.

That alone told of our difference in power.

Even after becoming a god, being the lowest class god who can’t even properly utilize her power, I had no chance of winning.

Besides, if I was to blindly believe fragmented information and what D disclosed, then D was particularly strong even among gods.

If I was to blindly believe it, that is.

That’s why I wouldn’t look at D’s power.

I’d see whether D gave me the right feeling or not.

Nothing more, nothing less.

If, by chance, it wasn’t right, then I’ll think about it when the time comes.

I could pretend to submit for a while and run away, or build up power and overthrow D, depending on how I feel.

Just like I’d always done so far.

I walked towards my destination.

There was none of the earthy smell I was used to, only various stenches.

The concrete road stretched on endlessly.

The town felt somewhat cramped.

None of those sensations particularly moved me.

I didn’t feel like I’d come home.

You could say it’s natural.

If I had to say, there was only that hazy feeling.

Ah, a Gyuudon stall.

Ahh, I wanna eat~.

But, no money.

I wonder if D will give me an allowance?

If so, then I’d have no problem making D my master, yep.

I walked from the station to a residential area.

Compared to downtown, there were less people here, and shops slowly disappeared.

I walked on.

There was a single house, hiding in the shadows between the others.

A single house, around 10 years old, without any particular features.

I opened the gate and walked towards the entrance.

I thrust my finger between the roots of the potted plant standing next to the door.

There was the key there.

With the key, I opened the front door.

The inside was ruled by silence.

Right after coming inside, there were the stairs up.

Without hesitation, I climbed them.

Arriving on the second floor, I opened the door right next to me.

I could hear the faint sounds of a computer inside.

The screen shows a game, a bald, old man magnificently dodging his enemies’ attacks.

Every time he does, the controller rattles.

“Welcome. Or maybe I should say ‘Welcome back’?” The girl holding the controller said without turning around.

“It’s the first time in my life that I’m here, so it would be ‘Welcome’?”

Curiously, my words came out fluently.

The demon queen aside, that might be the first person I could talk to properly.

And I knew why.

“Nice to meet you, I suppose? Wakaba Hiiro-san. Or should I call you D?”

The girl turned around.

My face as I remember it.

A girl looking exactly like me.

The difference was that she let her hair down, and her slightly different expression.

“Nice to meet you, my substitute.”

Said my expressionless original.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 217
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

２１７ 若葉姫色

Wakaba Hiiro

「Certain kill attack on wakeup」

「Naive」

「All bullets blow? You got me. But」

The characters K.O. appeared on the screen.

In the end, the mincing steps ended .

「I-lo-st-」

「To fight me on equal terms means you’re good already」

[That the day when I would permit someone to look down on me in a game really came.]

I’m frustrated, but also fired up.

Now we change characters for a rematch.

The sound of both our controllers filled the room.

D, the real Wakaba Hiiro, is having a good time playing fighting games.

As expected from my original, she’s insanely strong.

Also, even if I have my memories, it’s actually my first time playing a game.

Even If I have a handicap, my character does not move the way I think.

The memories and the real sensation doesn’t quite match.

Also, I’ve been able to fix that, I can now fight considerably well, but I can’t still win even a single round against D.

I looked outside after our fight ended and it was already dark.

Since the flow of time is different on the other side, I didn’t feel that I’ve overstayed here.

It’s regrettable but let’s go home today.

「See ya, I’ll come again」

「Come anytime you like」

And with that, I returned.

Oh shit.

I forgot to solicit pocket money

Oh well.

I’ll ask for it next time.

Returning home.

Should the expression be returned when this world is the world I’m returning to?

That’s right, in my corrected memories, I am from this world, my memory over there was a false memory planted by D.

In that sense, I lived as myself and I lived in this world.

Well, it doesn’t matter anyway.

It’s also nighttime in this world

Maou woke up and greeted me, I secluded myself after lightly greeting her back.

T-that was scary!

Nai wa~(TN: YES! I was waiting for kumo to say this again!)

There’s no way-.

What is that?

That’s strange.

Somehow, this isn’t just a level of becoming a god.

It’s not about if I can win or not, it’s scary on a fundamental level.

Is this how they feel when they’re scared of ghosts?

An incomprehensible fear.

That’s how I feel about D.

Her eyes look like a bottomless abyss

Even with her God’s power sealed, that look from her eye instill fear in me.

I can’t defy that, it’s impossible-

It is not really a feeling that does not match-

As a self-proclaimed worst evil god, I can’t laugh off the original.

In simpler words, I realized that I’m a weakling.

Even if I speak of it repeatedly, that horror can’t be expressed.

My master-

is impossible to oppose.

The first time I saw D was when I got the Wisdom skill.

That time, the voice from the sky(temp) told me the name D.

Next was my first encounter with Kuro.

A smartphone suddenly appeared and then there was a voice that claimed she’s D.

That’s my first contact with D.

She then occasionally interfered, which I thought was creepy.

An absolutely conflicting sensation.

I think that was the reason why I became a God.

My soul had undergone change through apotheosis.

It was that time I noticed it stuck in my soul.

It was my core, my divine area.

It had, or rather, it was swallowing me, it has been my existence.

It was Wakaba Hiiro’s memories.

The existence which filled in my original colour and became me.

I’ve noticed what that means.

I just have Wakaba Hiiro’s memories, I’m different from her.

When I realize that, the doubt and discomfort I’ve felt clicks into place like a puzzle piece.

I don’t have a name.

Up until now, the vampire child has her name from her previous life displayed, yet my name is blank.

It never showed Wakaba Hiiro.

This also explains why my skill points were low.

I’m originally a low rank creature.

So skill points which are part of the soul’s power was low.

The inconsistency of the existence called D in my memory.

D said.

D said that an explosion occurred in the classroom and all the students who were caught up in it was reincarnated in this world.

And as far as I can imagine, no one corresponds to D.

With me, Wakaba Hiiro as an exception.

If I think about it, there are some contradictions in my missing memory.

I can’t remember my parent’s face.

If I self-evaluate myself, I’d call myself a beauty.

Even in my personality, there’s a clear difference between my memory and my current one.

Being noticed about as much as a stone on the roadside by strangers because I couldn’t hide my irritation from being watched by strangers.

And I realized D’s true character and my true character.

In the classroom, there was one spider making a nest.

Oka-chan stopped a boy who was going to kill it.

On the contrary, it was suggested someone be in charge of taking care of the creature.

Eventually, the elected student cried loudly and refused to do it so it wasn’t implemented.

That spider was in the classroom all along.

Surrounded by all of those huge humans.

It’s a situation where she can die anytime.

The humans shunned her, she was creepy.

It was desperately trying to live among them.

That extremely low class existence in the classroom.

That was me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 218: A maid appears
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

218 A maid appears

「I finally won a round」

「I never thought that you would defeat me this fast.

I got done」

Congratulations, Round GET!

Kukuku

Finally!

I was finally able to take a round!

I often came to play and continued challenging her to a match, thus my skill advanced.

I usually get close once every three games, however Just when I thought I’m going to win a round, finally! I finally did!

FUAHAHAHAHAHA!

With this, can I take another round from her?

「Naive」

K.O!

W…what?!

That’s ridiculous

How do I respond on an Insta-kill move?

C-could it be she lost on the first round on purpose

To collect the gauge, she threw away the first round!?

Damn!

However, the match isn’t decided yet.

Third round of fate!

Both of our gauge is empty

Then, this is a true measure of arm power.

「Let me say one thing」

Before the call of the second round starts, D told me.

「In the next round, you will learn the difference in our status」

A Godly aura rise from D’s body

No way.

Is she going to use it?!

The power of God that has been sealed so far?

「I’ll put my serious effort…「Please don’t let it out」」

A woman’s voice interrupted D’s speech

And at the same time, the game was turned off.

Ah!

Looking at the location of the outlet, there’s a maid heartlessly pulling out the power supply

Eh? Maid?

「I was searching」

While the maid said that with a smile, I looked at D

I wonder

She looks so kind, she has an atmosphere of a graceful Yamato Nadeshiko flavor, but, her smile is scary

Somehow, the word ‘mother’ came into my mind

It’s like she’s someone you can’t go against.

「I was careless.

I released my power after making various effort of hiding this place」

「You lack awareness as a top-level God.

This time you run away from home.

Come, let’s return home」

Eh?

D is a runaway girl?

Somehow, my image of her collapses like crazy

「In addition, what is that?」

Maid looks at me

Is she calling me? is that so?

Kira~’

Ah, I don’t think I can win.

I didn’t even notice the maid appearing to begin with

I mean, even she’s a beauty, her presence is thin.

It’s not magic.

I can’t find anything unusual

Yet, having almost no presence is impossible.

She can use a technique I don’t know to erase her presence, if I get careless she will disappear in front of my eye.

In other words, I’ll get caught in her trap.

For an opponent to catch me this easily, she can’t be weak.

「This is my new toy」

In the end you called me your toy!

Iya, that’s her real intention.

I won’t forgive her if that’s her true intention

「She’s just a clone isn’t she?

What is this?」

Don’t treat me like I’m not human!

Ah, not human but a spider

「In order to pull the wool over your eyes it was created to make everything balanced, An unexpected situation where a Spider became a God.」

「I don’t get it」

I really don’t know the meaning.

Uhmm.

In other words.

D created me to hide the fact that she ran away from home?

Wow, the meaning of my existence is so low.

Why was I created as a scapegoat? I had that kind of question, but to think that it was such a dull answer.

Why making me a scapegoat would cover up the fact that you ran away from home?

The world of Gods is full of wonder

「Anyway, Go home.

Your pile of work has accumulated」

「I don’t want to go home.

I don’t want to work.

I’ll just play with my life like this」

Ah, this is my original.

「Don’t be selfish.

Who would manage the netherworld if you don’t do it?」

「N」

The maids point at D

Wow.

She’s smiling but there’s a blue vein illusion in her forehead.

「I’m busy managing hell」

「It’s not that you can’t right?」

「It’s not about me being able to do it.

Labor is mandatory.

Come, let’s return」

The maid finally used force

She gripped the lower part of D’s neck and dragged it.

She’s taking her the primitive way.

「I’m sorry but I will return here for a while because of reasons.

As I’ve told you before, you can do as you like.

Then, see you」

D threw out words of goodbye as she was dragged

And then D disappeared from the room, I was left alone

D, you’re surprisingly nice

I’ll remember our short moment

Now then, search search

There should be various items hidden in the room because it’s D

There’s no memory like that from Wakaba Hiiro, but it won’t be weird if there’s some treasure lying in here.

And, I found various cursed cards as a result of the house search

D said I can do what I want so I’ll use this gratefully

Even so, a maid is it?

I wonder if she says “Master”

Somehow that maid, she acts as equal even though she’s a maid

Ah, but I want to be called Master

Somehow, Just being called like that drowns me in satisfaction.

For the meantime, since D is taken away, I have no reason to stay here any longer.

Ah, Shit.

I didn’t win against her after all

She quit while she’s ahead!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 219: Training (Clone) Results
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

219 Training (Clone) Results

The Vampire child began calling me “Master”

What is this fellow saying?

Did her head boil?

Besides, even she calls me “Master” I don’t feel any respect at all.

She’s saying it half-heartedly and unwillingly

If you don’t want to say it then don’t.

In the first place, why did you suddenly call me master?

I don’t understand.

That eccentric behavior of the Vampire child persisted as we continued our journey.

For three years we walked around various places to eat special products, and we finally we reached a Human territory.

My specs improved well in this three years.

Given that it took three years, I can’t say I grew up well.

First, I was successful developing a recognition obstruction magic, which is an improved version of camouflage.

They can only perceive me as 「White」, and nothing else.

Since most of my feature is white, I implant that characteristic in their consciousness and not let them perceive any other characteristics.

I can go out now since they only recognize me as white.

With this, the stares has stopped.

However, the disadvantage of this technique is when they see through it, it won’t affect them anymore.

It means it’s not a very strong technique.

It’s no problem to the extent of a conversation, but the technique is broken when I am observed continuously.

So, my face will be revealed when I get on a relationship where I meet them everyday.

Well, as long as the mob ignores me it’s okay, there’s no fatal drawback from this.

Though I continued improving it, the priority fell down.

Space magic has a constant result.

To complete the passage to earth, and manipulate the relative physics of the different dimension of space and time.

Apparently I have an aptitude in spatial magic.

I think this magic is my only talent, since the other magic aptitude is inherited from D.

I intend to expand on this field in the future.

As well as making the Evil Eye work, taking over the system and changing the basic foundation of how God operates.

I’ve done a lot of things.

I’ve got confidence on my Evil Eyes.

The new version of Evil Eye of grudge was completed.

As a result of me getting carried away, an even more amazing skill from the original was made.

Furthermore, I’ve completed a new set of Evil Eyes.

A few more until the completion of the dream Ten Evil Eye series.

Fufufu, my chuuni soul is trembling. (TN: 8th grade syndrome/chuunibyou)

I feel that the number of things I can do has multiplied, but my combat power didn’t change that much.

Iya~, Even though I think it should go up, in the first place it’s too high, so it won’t rise up beyond the span of measurement error.

Yup.

It’s something like the crew of a battleship getting a new gun.

The war potential would rise up, but it’s doubtful compared to the battleship.

Like that.

My original spec is already at a high level, so a new small new skill won’t be noticeable.

Well, what can’t be helped, can’t be helped.

Given my rapid growth in the system, I feel that my pace has been slowed down, but normally this should be my speed.

The world isn’t that sweet to make me a strong God in a short period of time.

If it is, then Kuro should’ve graduated from a low-rank God a long time ago

If (Clone) continues the effort just in case, I think I will slowly get better in the future.

Come to think of it, turning into a God from being just a spider is already a huge success, aiming higher might be too much.

D however didn’t expect me to survive, but I don’t think so.

Iya~ calling it unexpected might be true, she probably didn’t lie.

When D stored Wakaba Hiiro’s memories into my soul, the fragment of D’s soul came together with the memories.

A fragment that is the size of garbage waste that according to D she didn’t notice.

But, it’s a fragment of a High-end God.

The soul of a tiny spider was filled with it and it affected me .

To be frank, I almost have no memories of being a spider in my previous life.

That’s right, that’s all I remember, after that, I see Wakaba Hiiro’s inconsistent memories, you can call it imagination.

Even if I say that most of my memories are fake, Wakaba Hiiro’s memories played a significant role.

Because this and D’s soul fragment is too large.

My soul that received such a fragment mutated the soul of the Original Spider and that’s the present me.

The strength of my soul rose markedly at this point in time.

My being able to learn skills fast and having extremely high aptitude with the skills is all caused by this

D made the skill system, so the system will adapt with D’s soul

Thanks to the strength of the soul, I was able to master Parallel will and Appraisal.

Iya~ When the Demon King heard about the appraisal she was like 「Haa?」

Her head just like exploded.

I never dreamt of using such a dangerous thing!

I didn’t know that you’re that frightening.

And because of that I felt an unpleasant feeling when being appraised or when I strike down mad demons.

Ahahaha, so that’s why.

We’re attacked by random demons.

I didn’t know!

If I knew I wouldn’t be using Appraisal!

Though I was shocked by that fact, I’m not using Appraisal nowadays.

Thus, it is not inconvenient when it’s not in use.

Since it’s a skill derived from the system I cannot make a completely similar magic.

I’m a bit lonely today.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 220: The other side of the Snowy mountain
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

220 The other side of the Snowy mountain

To go to the Demon territory from the Human territory, you need to cross a mountain.

Both the Human and Demon race set up a fort on the border and glare at each other and if one nonchalantly walks through both will regard you as enemy.

I and the Demon King don’t particularly care, but the Vampire Child will die if she gets involved.

Although I trained her as much as possible in these three years, I don’t think she can win against the frontline elite army corps let alone fight them.

So, we will pass through from Human race territory to the Demon race territory in a peaceful manner.

That is crossing a mountain.

Furthermore, it’s a snowy mountain

A tall mountain is in front of my eyes.

Mountain, rather it’s a mountain range.

I don’t know it’s altitude, but for sure a mountain climber would risk their life climbing it.

I feel that the mountain range is a detour as we climbed.

Hey, this region has a higher risk than the fort in a different sense doesn’t it?

Nah, I’ll probably be okay.

The vampire child won’t die will she?

Are we really okay?

「It’s alright, no problems」

You’re the type who says “It’s okay” about any problem, aren’t you?

Well, if Demon King thinks so, then let’s believe we’re fine.

So! Let’s depart!

Cold.

Come to think of it, isn’t this the first time I’ve felt cold?

I’ve tasted the heat of the middle layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth

That was warm or rather it was hot.

Are spiders cold?

I don’t have a strong image.

There’s an impression of me living in a tropical forest like a jungle, I don’t feel like being in a cold area.

Ah, but the Maou’s face seems to look fine.

Then, we should be fine right?

But, we seem to be not okay.

She’s making a poker-face, trying to be calm.

That reminds me, in the Demon King’s resistance festival, there was no Ice resistance.

It’s useless.

Fuu, compared to me, my counter-measures are perfect.

A cold counter-measure (Clone) has finished a super ultra warm coat overnight.

I wonder what it feels like when worn.

Comfortable warmth anytime, anywhere.

The pile of snow doesn’t matter.

Fufufu, while my companions are suffering in cold, there’s only one person who’s being warm and keeping silent.

Bliss!

The Demon King has an expression of false bravado, the vampire child has a pale-about-to-die face and Mera looks like half of his soul is coming out, and I’m the only one with a grin on my face.

Suffer~ Suffer more!

The suffering of other people is delicious!

「Shiro-chan, you’re enduring quite well, aren’t you?」

Gulp!

T-that’s not true.

「You didn’t wear that coat yesterday right?」

That is, It’s cold so I prepared it.

「Gimme! Give it to me!」

Woah!

What are you doing?!

I desperately defend my coat against the Demon King and we continue along the mountain range.

We arrived at an abandoned village on the way.

Was there a village in such a cold land?

What kind of Masochist lived here?

Or perhaps I should say, they did well to live here.

Ah, was it because they can’t live here that they abandoned it?

「I see.

Here too.」

The Demon King muttered something, but I didn’t hear her real intention.

We spent one night in the abandoned village.

I took a walk inside the village proper when I woke up the next day.

From the atmosphere of the houses, it’s probably been several years since this was abandoned.

I was bothered seeing it small and cozy, it seems it’s too small and cramped for an adult.

The size is perfect for children.

Would this be a children’s’ village?

I searched around for tools

There isn’t a valuable thing left.

Just something terribly primitive stuff.

Could this be a primitive children’s village?

I went out to the village outskirts.

Somehow it had overgrown.

A demon plant-like-system

Something like a bone of a demon can be seen entwined in the ivy.

It looks like a typical field for a village, did they raise this?

Are they stupid?

For now, I ate it to destroy it.

Yup.

Healthy vegetables.

I want a dressing.

Though I don’t hate mayonnaise, I prefer salad dressing.

To the Mayonnaise people of the country, I’m sorry.

Green perilla dressing is my favorite.

Though, I’ve never eaten it before.

I invest my energy in my clone.

I haven’t increased my clones these days.

The energy maintenance cost has become so large that making a new one is really hard.

If I eat more, the Demon King would be like 「Food expenses, food expenses」, so I hold myself back.

I can eat about twenty people’s portions easily.

After that, I drink sake the next day to recover the energy that is split.

Sake is great after all.

Indeed, it is the best medicine.

I recover energy with just a drink.

Since the Demon King woke up, the snowy mountains conquest resumes.

And we continued to walk on a world of ice and rocks where few demons exist.

At that time, there was a shadow coming from the sky.

After taking a little distance, a dragon landed on the ground

It was a beautiful dragon with ice scales covering it’s whole body.

It’s different from the earth dragon, it’s an existence called an Ice dragon.

It’s strong.

I observed the Ice dragon using the Evil Eye of Analysis, the one I developed as a substitute to Appraisal.

I developed the Evil Eye of analysis to judge the strength of my enemies.

The Evil Eye can roughly estimate the amount of energy of an opponent’s soul.

Even if the soul has a lot of energy, they can still be weak and vice versa.

So, in the end it can’t rough estimate.

But, since soul and strength relative to the system is comparatively close, the value of this Evil Eye is worth it.

I used my Evil Eye of Analysis to measure the strength of the dragon, it’s approximately twice as strong as Alaba.

A dragon with a considerable strength.

Compared to the earth dragon on the lower layer of Elro Great Labyrinth it’s inferior, but it can be considered as a high-ranking among the demons inhabiting in this world.

The Ice dragon is talking telepathically with the Demon King.

Let’s eavesdrop.

[What is it, Origin Taratect?]

[I don’t have any business in particular.

Just passing through.

Did you not hear from Gyurie?]

[Fumu.

I haven’t heard anything]

[Ah, then.

I want you to do nothing and let us pass gently]

[I’ll do as you say and won’t do anything.

I don’t want to get in trouble with the Origin Taratect]

The negotiations were done quickly.

It seems he’ll let us through.

But, why is this guy here?

Kuro placed it here?

For what reason?

While the Ice Dragon is busy with the Demon King, I summoned some clones.

Search this mountain range.

I want to know the reason why Kuro placed a strong gatekeeper.

When the Human race and Demon race waged a war, it’s natural that the snowy mountains will be a danger zone.

There’s something here.

There’s something Kuro wants to hide.

If I find it, I will get a hold of his weakness.

Fufufu, I don’t trust those that are stronger than myself, I don’t open up my heart.

I’ve never thought of Kuro as an ally.

A weakness that can be grasped is now held.

Now, I wonder what you’re hiding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 221: Vampire-child observation Diary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

221 Vampire-child observation Diary

We didn’t have any problems after meeting the Ice dragon.

But on the very last day, that guy appeared!

Monkey!

My trauma #2

#1 is Alaba

The fear of the crowd of swarming monkeys is unforgettable.

That natural enemy of mine has appeared.

And then, fiercely attacking as soon as they find me.

Wai– Hey!

Your status is too high, even breaking beyond the Demon King’s!

You look like someone who’s troublesome to deal with.

I’ll run away!

With that said, I’ll flee from the monkey.

I thought of leaving this to the Demon King, but she joined me and escaped.

Later, I heard her saying 「That’s troublesome」

Ah, it seems like the Demon King thought the same thing I did.

I finally felt the mountain range getting cold.

From here on is the Demon territory.

The Demon race dominates this area instead of the Human race.

Even if I say that, there isn’t much change from the Human race territory.

I don’t know what she imagined, but the Vampire child looks dejected after seeing the surroundings.

I understand what’s in the vampire child’s imagination somehow, but I would be troubled if that scenery had developed.

After all, she’s expecting a scene from hell.

In the first place, having a cloud covering the region all year round would make it impossible for people to live there.

The crops won’t grow and there will be none to go up against the Human race.

`This is why children having honest dreams is troublesome.

On that respect, I see things more realistically.

Fu, the mature me is looking forward to something else in this Demon race territory and that is a specialty dishes that can’t be found in the Human race territory.

At a glance, it’s not different from Human race territory, but you can see that the climate and the geological features are slightly different, there should be a original product here.

Fufufu, I’m looking forward to seeing those as yet unseen products.

I will taste them all.

Oops, I’m drooling.

Eating out, errr rather, the travel to the Demon King’s castle is going well.

Just like in the Human race territory, there were no unfavorable events so it was doing well.

Peace is nice isn’t it?

However.

There is a girl who dislikes the atmosphere for some reason.

It’s the vampire child.

Since we entered the Demon race territory, she was disappointed by the appearance of the demons, by the street, and even by the monsters.

Well, I know that feeling, I do feel that I want to say that the Demons are disappointing.

Those fellows aren’t happy being born with an appearance close to the Human race either.

Don’t judge the book by its cover.

Yup. I’m a good girl.

Eh? It’s not about that?

The vampire child seems hungry.

She may not be aware of it, but her instincts grow, pile up and will show up someday.

I want her to raise her level as she grows up, but all the monsters we’ve encountered are being dealt with me or the Demon King, recently, the vampire child’s gaze at monsters is unusual.

It’s the eyes of a thirsty beast.

In fact, the characteristics of a vampire is that they feed on the living, you can say that she’s thirsty.

She’s a vampire after all.

They do suck blood after all.

But, the vampire child has only sucked blood once.

Because she’s a true ancestor, she doesn’t need to drink blood.

It may not be necessary, but it does not mean she can’t.

Even I don’t need to sleep since I turned to a God, but I sleep every night.

Because It’s happier that way.

It’s the same with the Vampire child.

It’s normal for vampires to drink blood.

A vampire child that does not suck blood is abnormal, maybe she’s unaware of the accumulating stress?

It’s not possible for the vampire child to be unaware that she’s a vampire and think that she has never drank blood even once.

The vampire child did suck Mera’s blood, she should remember the taste.

You could call her first taste of success.

At that moment, the door to her vampire instincts should’ve opened.

That’s why, after not being able to suck blood for several years, she has accumulated considerable stress and now her instincts are showing up on the surface.

She’s weakened.

I had thought that the vampire child strengthened herself during our travels.

She won’t lose to some ordinary monster.

But.

After all, I want to aim for perfection when raising her.

I’m the type who’s particularly thorough with this.

Since all I did in my life was to survive, I was not able to rest that much

If possible, I want to raise her status to the max, and raise her level afterwards.

Then, it would be good to release her fighting instinct.

For now, the Demon King and I are holding her back and we continued taking down monsters.

When in town, she’s somehow able to calm down, but recently I can sense her fighting spirit leaking out.

This is bad.

Solution #2

I should let her fight once.

But that’s rejected.

She needs to raise her level a little.

If that’s the case, then there’s another method.

That is, to cancel her stress from being unable to drink blood.

She just has to drink blood.

The vampire child has now become a little girl, it’s better if she drinks blood regularly.

Then, I’ll also have Mera, who’s a senpai in this profession, raise the vampire child into an excellent vampire.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter osh-les-1: Teach us D-sensei! Lesson 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Teach us D-sensei! Lesson 1

This must be the Maid’s turn.

That’s a lie.

D 「Greetings.

It’s everyone’s loved one, D」

Mei「You’re the most hated being in the world so what are you saying?

Or rather, why are you making fun of my name? What is ‘Mei’? What is it?」

D「It’s ‘Meido’ so it can’t be helped」(TL: ‘Meido’ is written as 冥土 here which means ‘Hades’ or ‘Realm of the Dead’. In short it’s a Japanese pun on maid.)

Mei 「What do you mean by it can’t be helped! I don’t get it!」

D 「Don’t mind small details~! For now, our new corner, Teach us D sensei is starting!

I will answer all your doubts in this world, it’s a splendid corner that will reveal the truth」

Mei 「It’s a so-called explanation time」

D「Could you use an indirect expression instead? It’s a bit too much if you say it directly」

Mei「We didn’t come here to play.

Let’s end this quickly and return to work」

D 「It’s troublesome to have a workaholic partner.

What should I do?」

Mei 「I think you should work」

D 「Sob sob」

Mei 「Making an expressionless pretend cry is disgusting, please stop it. 」

D 「Yes~ I stopped!」

Mei 「…」

D 「It hurts.

Please don’t give me the silent treatment」

D 「Coming back, This is the first time we’re doing this, so we will discuss Majutsu and Mahou」(Pun: Both mean magic, so let’s keep it as is)

Mei 「What unexpectedly proper content」

D「When I joke, I joke with all my might, compared to that, when teaching people I do it seriously too」

Mei 「Ah, you really do love giving away knowledge」

D 「It’s not knowledge.

It’s the truth of the world」

Mei 「Yes, yes.

that’s good」

D 「It’s troublesome to have an ill-mannered neighbor.

What should I do?」

Mei「I think you should remain troubled」

D 「Sob」

Mei 「Shut up!」

D 「Even if I am noisy, it’s not a good idea to hit me, so stop it!」

Mei 「Yes, yes.

It was painful wasn’t it?

If you don’t want to be hurt further, then let’s take this seriously shall we?」

D 「Can’t be helped.

Let’s do it seriously」

Mei 「You should have done that from the beginning」

D 「First, what is the difference between Majutsu and Mahou? They’re very similar anyway」

Mei「Which means?」

D 「Majutsu gives assistance to the system, which is called Mahou」

Mei「In short, you’re saying that Mahou and Majutsu are of the same kind of thing」

D 「That’s right.

Not just Mahou, Majutsu’s power also resembles a Skill.

Think of Majutsu as the larger framework and Mahou as the smaller one.

The system is simplifying Majutsu to make a easy to handle Mahou.

Majutsu itself can’t accomplish all without exception, but Mahou can do it from 1 to 10 completely」

Mei「That’s convenient」

D「It is convenient.

Furthermore, without the blessing of the system, what you can use in a situation is limited」

Mei 「By the way, what is 1 to 10?」

D 「Choice and Invocation

Choosing what magic to use, and using it.

Just this」

Mei 「Oh, that’s simple」

D 「As for Majutsu, it’s choice, activation, catch, construction, conjunction, injection, saturation, change, invocation.

These 9 are the basics and the last remaining 1 changes according to the user.

Activation is the preparation stage to control magic.

Catch is about recognizing the magic.

Construction is the most important and is the one making most of the work for Majutsu.

Connection connects the constructed Majutsu.

and then, when the Magic(Majutsu) circuit is completed, you inject magical power.

And fill it up.

And with that, it’s ready for invocation.

You can still change the circumstances, but you can already invoke it.

This sequence can be seen in chapter 103.

Thanks to Magic Extremity, you don’t have to go through all that trouble, as a matter of fact, the system assistance does all the work, Magic power perception, Magic power operation, and Mahou Skill are the only thing you need, and the Mahou invocation depends on your skill level.

Well, they can understand Majutsu because of this method, it is possible to remember the magic by the way you had it in system and learn it」

Mei 「Then the last from the 10 would be, Memory, Interruption, and Reproduction, it does resemble a school」

D 「Among the ten fundamentals, an experienced magician could process them simultaneously.

Kumo performs Activation to Conjunction as a set, and she shortens the injection to invocation.

The spider itself thinks that Magic Extremity contributes to the Magic. It was true at first, but the time she spent exercising the majutsu of the same class speed of the system for auxiliary and equivalent to invoke it.

Even Gods would be surprised to see a spider performing magic like it’s a habit. 」

Mei 「That may be because your soul is mixed in」

D 「That may be so, but it’s just a fragment that blended with her」

Mei「Is that so?」

D 「That is so.

It’s true that it was blended, but the influence is only small.

Kumo’s soul is as big as anyone else’s, increasing a suitable amount of skills learned, even she herself knows it.」

Mei 「Then, are you saying that it’s the talent of the person herself?」

D 「You can say it is, but I think otherwise.」

Mei 「What is with that vague answer?」

D 「It’s true that her aptitude with skills is high, but when it comes to being out of the norm, her Pride Skill had a great influence」

Mei 「Oh, if I remember correctly, it’s the skill that makes growth easier」

D 「If you heard the explanation of the effect. It may seem to be inferior to other sins or virtue skills, but in reality, it’s the most outrageous skill.

That skill pushes the soul to it’s limit.」

Mei 「What is that? If that happens, normally wouldn’t the soul would scream and disappear?」

D 「It will.

The rapid growth will distort you, the pride skill will eat you up completely and it’s not funny.

But, Kumo did it without any difficulties.

With Pride and her own talent, she made an exceptional leap」

Mei「It’s your soul’s influence after all?」

D 「I would say no, but it did a little.

Then, we took too much time, we’re about to end soon.

Till next time」

Mei 「Then, we’ll return to our work」

D「Sob….」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 222: Daily Healthy Tomato Juice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

222 Daily Healthy Tomato Juice

「Blood? Let’s see, I don’t think it’s delicious.

However, my taste is different.

Since it is my taste, it might not apply to milady, but I’ll drink from a young woman or a child who can’t resist.

The pure taste of a young man does not make a difference, after all, it must be because of image.

They would resist by all means when you try to drink」

When I tried asking Mera about the taste of blood, that was his response.

The image of vampires in this world is that they like to drink blood from beauties.

They don’t want to drink blood of men.

Rather, they’d gladly refrain from drinking.

They seem to want to drink from girls, but I don’t have that fetish.

By the way, when Mera drinks blood, he uses his Hypnotic Demon Eyes.

He finds a suitable partner in the city and uses hypnotism to drink blood secretly.

The damage is suppressed as much as possible and with hypnosis making the memory vague, they don’t find out that they took damage.

When I heard the story from Mera, he made an excuse of 「I didn’t do anything else that will make me guilty」

Ah, no, isn’t that fine?

Mera is still young, he might have piled up his lust for women on our journey.

However, Demon Eye, he said.

Is it different from my Evil Eye?

I heard that the effects are fairly similar, but how similar?

Let’s depend on granny’s wisdom.

「Who’s your granny!?」

「Demon King.」

「Can I hit you?」

Okay, but expect a counter.

「Tsk! Evil Eye and Demon Eye are different, but the effects are the same.

It’s just that the power of Evil Eye is Higher」

Oh.

In short, Evil eye is higher in rank?

「That’s right.

But, Evil Eye is limited only to rulers.

Demon Eye is also a rare skill, if it’s in the hands of someone with talent, there are also those that have it as a racial benefit.」

Oh.

That reminds me, there was petrifaction lizard in Elro Great Labyrinth

It probably used Demon Eye for it’s petrifaction attack.

If we leave the racial compatibility aside, it’s a simple problem of compatibility isn’t it?

My right eye hurts! – like that, saying those things may give you compatibility with Demon Eyes?

「In my case, it’s because I’m a vampire.

I couldn’t use Demon Eye before that」

The only time Mera uses his Demon Eye is when he hunts women to suck their blood.

There was a case where a strong-willed woman vehemently refused to get her blood sucked and acted violently.

During that time, he glared at her while shouting 「Be quiet」, then her resistance weakened.

It seems that the Demon Eye Skill activated subconsciously.

It accumulated and was acquired as a proper skill

Since vampires have an aptitude for Demon Eye, then the Vampire child should be able to learn it right?

She doesn’t have a lot of eyes like me, but maybe she can use two at the same time?

Would Curse or Paralysis be better?

This time, I’ll make her acquire it through skill points.

Then, returning to the blood discussion.

Fortunately, there’s a beautiful blood donor, just like Mera said.

「I-I’ll kill you」

No good.

That’s a rape flag.

A mortified expression with firm resolve can be seen from the face of the beauty.

Feature: Long ears

It’s an elf!

They were not present before, but there were frequent attacks from the elves when we were in the Human race territory.

As expected, you can’t fight the Demon King front on, so you’d resort to assassination.

And their aim is the vampire child.

Well, I do understand the reason why the vampire child is being targetted.

It seems that the elves have discovered that she’s a reincarnated person.

They moved after arriving at the conclusion that the vampire is a danger.

I’ve heard the conversation between Kuro and the Demon King, they said that the elves are highly suspicious.

And so, the Demon King and I went to subjugate them, we returned with their bodies inside my stomach, then I shared the blood with Mera.

I thought that it was pointless for Mera to use his strength searching for blood because of all the surprise attacks recently.

The elves attacked us after we entered the Demon territory for the first time.

Why did you come at this time?

Is it that?

Did you think you’d succeed if I forgot about it?

I licked my lips.

「We declare war on the Demon king! Your peace will fall to ruin! Even if you take my life, the elves will take your life!」

Is that so?

What is this child saying?

Nn~?

Your aim is the Demon King, not the child?

What do you mean?

As I was asking with a question mark above my head, the Demon King pulled on my sleeve.

「Ah, this elf is from fool faction」

The Demon King said through telepathy.

「What’s with that straightforwardly pathetic naming」

「It really is pathetic.

Because elves are a sublime race who act to defend peace」

「Why’s there such a thing?」

「They’re the bottom unit of the elves which are easy to move behind the scenes」

「Ah, I was able to guess it somehow」

「Well, as expected, after some time passed those elves came out because they think it’s the truth. That’s why I didn’t take care those guys from the underworld.」

W-what a pitiful group

And those elves that keep doing bad things in the underworld truly think that they work for peace.

Idiot or rather clown team.

It doesn’t pay off.

Well, it’s illogical for Demon King to manage peace, it’s important to rely on military power.

If you want to aim at peace seriously, at least try modern Japan’s complacency about peace.

The more you rely on Military force, the more the final decision will depend on military power.

This world is the survival of the fittest.

You can’t overturn the truth as long as you don’t deny the violence.

You’re saying peace, but you’re acting otherwise.

Elf knights should understand it somewhere in their head too.

Therefore I prepared a solution for this situation.

Thinking that they’re doing it for good, those pitiful workers were pushed around.

Even if i say that, I don’t sympathize with them

「Does this tomato juice taste a bit different?」

「That’s Shiro-chan’s special juice you know~

The taste might not be good, but it is very nutritious」

「Fuun」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 223: The end of the journey
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

223 The end of the journey

The destination of our journey is the Demon King’s castle.

If you heard it like that, we’d sound like a hero party, but regrettably we are the Demon King party.

In my opinion, what kind of bad game has an encounter with the Demon King outside of their castle?

The Demon King should be in the Demon King’s Castle!

If she isn’t, then her name is a fraud!

Furthermore, her objective for going out isn’t to defeat the hero, it’s to defeat me, what the hell!

Just thinking about it made me irritated, so I hit the Demon King lightly.

The Demon King had teary eyes while holding her head as she makes a ??? face.

I’m talking about this because we’ve reached the Demon King’s castle.

I’m just adding significance to the end of our journey.

The Demon King’s Castle is a pretty big castle.

It doesn’t have the atmosphere of a certain RPG’s final dungeon, rather it looks like a castle from the land of dreams which is influenced by a mouse.

It may be natural, but the castle isn’t like a den, the castle has a town around it.

Or rather, I can’t see the castle from outside of the town.

I can’t see it if I don’t use clairvoyance.

That means that the castle town is huge.

Of all the cities I’ve travelled to so far, this town is the largest.

It would take days to travel around this town.

We continued to advance on foot through the castle town.

The townspeople don’t even notice the return of their Demon King.

No one has come to receive her.

Demon King, do your subordinates not miss you?

No one searched for you when you went out.

Even after entering the Demon territory, there was no word about the missing Demon King.

I looked at The Demon King with pitying eyes, she was looking at me in a ??? state.

And after walking around the town, we finally reached the Demon King’s castle.

But we didn’t go inside the castle, instead we visited a big mansion in the neighbourhood.

And after talking to the gatekeeper, we entered the mansion.

「Only a small portion knows that I’m the Demon King. We would be shooed away if we entered the castle」

She said.

Even though you’re the demon king you can’t enter the Demon King’s castle?

The mansion appears to be the residence of a prominent demon family of which only a few influential people inside the mansion know the Demon King’s true identity.

Before coming to my place, it was said that the Demon King had lived at this residence and an employee of this house knows the Demon King.

When we entered the residence, each of us were given respective guest rooms.

The master of the mansion rarely returns home I guess.

A messenger went out just now, it seems they went out to inform them that the Demon King has come, because they seem to be busy they don’t know how long it’ll take to return.

Because there was a lot of spare time, I talked to the Demon King.

We decided to admit the vampire child to the demon academy.

She’ll be trained in the demon academy.

It’s no different from the human race’s.

Or rather there isn’t much difference between Humans and Demons.

It’s just that their life span is longer and their status is higher.

Even though they have longer life-spans, their fertility is inferior when compared with humans, that’s about the extent of their differences.

The vampire child will enter an elite school as a noble demon.

Well, I’m sure the vampire child will understand.

The Demon King foresees that in the future the vampire child will need to gain personal connections and education.

If I let her stick with a clone then unskillful things won’t happen at the very beginning, however rather than being in this closed off world with us forever, information about going to school would benefit the vampire child.

I didn’t object.

The problem is Mera.

To be frank, I don’t care either way, but Mera won’t be able to serve near the vampire child.

It’s not impossible, but the Demon King doesn’t think it would mutually benefit them.

Should I say co dependence?

If Mera lost his right to protect the vampire child, he would lose his purpose for living.

The vampire child blindly trusts Mera as he is her last connection.

It’s good as a relationship in it’s own right, but when either is damaged, the other may become that way somehow too.

If they don’t separate, they won’t become independent, so the Demon King thought.

Since I didn’t depend on anyone I don’t understand it.

And with that, the Demon King took Mera as her subordinate.

And so, the Demon King started Demon King-like activities.

First, preparing the armaments of the military.

In order to wage a war against humans.

Perhaps, this will be the largest war in history.

To the extent that the casualties are too great.

That is the aim of the Demon King.

I honestly thought that Demon King would go in as a lone horseman and act violently.

Both armies will wage war against each other until they can’t continue.

The demon king having overwhelming strength and making the demon race win against the human race, that kind of impossible situation could occur.

I inwardly think, that if continuing is dangerous I’ll have no choice but to do that.

It’s similar to the reason why I’m doing as D told me.

When the Human race and the Demon race conspire together, it would be hard work to bury the pile of them both in a ditch.

I can’t see a peaceful solution.

To avoid that it is necessary to make the Human Race and Demon Race fight to the bitter end.

Because though it’s troublesome, it is the rule of this world.

Well, that could also become pointless though.

My eating tour is over and I will begin to move in earnest soon.

The preparations are proceeding smoothly.

The clone that I threw into each place between trips does good work.

I didn’t just simply eat and walk.

I left clones in the places we visited in the human territory and the demon territory and my intelligence gathering range is considerably large by now.

To observe this world with my eyes.

It’s still an old story that the Demon King starts a war.

Meanwhile I observe the world and finish my preparations.

The preparations to disturb the world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 224: Archduke
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

224 Archduke

It was after midnight that the master of the mansion returned.

It is a young man.

However, because the unlike the Human race the Demon race is long lived, I can not tell his age by appearance.

When you considered his very quiet atmosphere with his youthful appearance, it may be that his age is considerably greater than his appearance suggests.

「It’s been a long time. Demon Lord.」

The man kneels down before the Demon King.

Though he keeps calm on the surface, his heart seems to be considerably frightened.

If I listen carefully I can hear his disturbed heartbeat and my nose takes in the scent of his strained sweat.

What did you do that you’re so afraid of this disappointing Demon King?

「Thank you. Wasn’t work busy?」

「Yes. However, considering the Demon King has returned, I rushed to give you priority.」

The Demon King gives the man words of appreciation laughingly with a smile.

The man is surprised to see the Demon King like this and makes a dubious expression.

Ah, I see.

Is the Demon King this man knows the Demon King before she became a disappointing Demon King?

Oh, Would you still be surprised if I didn’t come and change her?

The Demon King before becoming disappointing did not talk too much and her atmosphere was completely different.

「Then, because there are children you do not know, could you introduce yourselves?」

The Demon King urges the man.

The man stands up, lowers his head and begins his self-introduction.

「This is my first time meeting you. I am entrusted with the management of the Demon territory capital, I am called Balt Fisero. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.」

「You should rely on this fellow if there is something you need, because Balt is an Archduke working as the mediator of the true Demon race.」

Fuuun.

In other words, with the exception of the Demon King, he is the top of the true Demon race.

That explains why I’m getting a considerably strong signal from him.

Even peeping at his soul I understand he’s considerably strong.

Well, he’s still inferior to our vampire child.

In addition, what the Demon King seems to be saying is he arranges things politically, he is not the top of the military division.

If that’s the case, is his combat ability low among the Demon race?

It may be necessary to raise my overall evaluation of the Demon race by one step.

We introduce ourselves respectively.

I simply told him just my name.

The discussion moves to the school entrance of the Vampire child and Balt approves it readily.

There doesn’t appear to be any problems with having Mera register in the army.

However it doesn’t seem possible to place him under the Demon King’s direct control.

At present, there isn’t an army under the Demon King’s direct control. This seems to be because it will take time to reorganise the army.

Well, the Demon King hasn’t been here for many years so it’s inevitable.

Therefore, Mera will be assigned to the fourth army temporarily.

Balt has direct command of the fourth army who’s primary duty is the defence of the Demon race territory capital.

The reason why it is not the first army in charge of the capitals defence is because the first army is always deployed on the border of the Human race territory.

I will also be assigned to the fourth army temporarily for the time being.

Even if I say so, for the most part I won’t be very active.

At most for appearance sake.

I can move as I please.

That’s approved by the Demon King.

I was given a warning not to make too much commotion.

I understand that Balt has taken an interest in me, because the Demon King gives me special treatment.

Even if I say taken an interest, it isn’t really a friendly feeling.

A searching feeling.

N-?

Does he possibly have an appraisal skill?

It felt that sort of atmosphere somehow.

However it’s easy to find out when someone is Appraising you.

I have heard from the Demon King that it is a breach of manners to Appraise someone face to face.

I assumed he used appraisal based on my intuition, did he refrain from doing it face to face?

If that’s so it’s possible to hide and appraise secretly.

Should I give a little warning?

I don’t give a damn even if he appraises me, but it’s not good that the Vampire child is also appraised.

I open my eyes a little.

Balt trembles in surprise when he sees my eyes.

Aa-ah, he’s scared, he’s scared.

As well as a gross appearance, because I played tricks to cheat you a little you feel afraid.

Let’s name it ‘Evil Eye of Panic’.

「Because you’re looking, don’t look」

I only say that.

Despite the wording being a little obscure, I seem to have conveyed it to Balt.

He nodded while dripping cold sweat.

Satisfied with his attitude, I close my eyes.

It’s clear that Balt is relieved.

I won’t say that I’m sloppy.

A butler and a maid of the mansion also see my eyes and fall down.

It’s impressive enough able to stand without losing consciousness.

Hey, was the effect of the Evil Eye too strong?

Oh well.

We’re going to remain acquaintances with the archduke leader of the Demon race called Balt this way.

A few days later, the vampire child was admitted into the school, the Demon King went to the Demon King’s castle and Mera was assigned to the fourth army.

I saw them off from the mansion.

I think I’ll make this mansion a base for the time being.

I have Balt make an entry permit for the Demon King’s castle so that I can enter anytime for the time being.

Well, I’ll kick up my heels alone for a while and will act slowly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 225: Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

225 Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring

Confirmation.

Clone body group A are capturing Elro Great Labyrinth.

In cooperation with the babies, I aim for the opposite exit.

I predict the captures completion time somewhere between 7 to 10 days.

The clone maintains energy by eating monsters in the labyrinth.

After capturing the labyrinth it deploys to the Daztoldia continent where the Human race wields power. (TN: Did Turb0 already have a translation for this continent? I don’t remember it.)

My objective is to expand my field of activities within the Daztoldia continent.

Confirmation.

Clone body group B are gathering information from the Cassanagarer continent Human territory. (TN: Again I don’t know or remember if Turb0 had translations for these continent names.)

There is no useful information at present.

Behaviour of the Elves, the whereabouts of other world people and also any information about things that make me anxious is being collected.

Confirmation.

Clone group C is gathering information from the Cassanagarer Demon territory.

I am investigating the Demon race’s situation.

Confirmation.

Clone group D is interfering with the system.

Understanding rate 8%.

Confirmation.

Clone group E is reinforcing my war potential in a different space.

Fumu.

It’s going well, going well.

From the mansion I confirm that everything is advancing smoothly despite lazing around like moss.

Fu, I appear to have become a lazybones with nothing to do throughout the day.

In reality, I, by myself am doing as much work as tens of thousands at the same time!

My clones are.

I am great.

My top priority is reinforcing my war potential.

I’m in the middle of establishing how to fight as a god.

When I execute my plan, my biggest obstacle is Kuro.

Conversely, I’ll be able to do whatever I like after I do something about Kuro.

Between the combat ability of Kuro and I, it’s certain that I’m weaker at the moment.

I ran various simulations with clones bodies during the journey and though my combat ability has improved, there is still an insurmountable difference between Kuro and I.

Kuro isn’t a long lived god for show either.

I’m not as naive as to believe that a beginner of several years can win head on just by becoming a god.

So I am searching for an unorthodox method to win.

If you can’t win by fighting head on, you just have to not fight head on.

As for that point, I’m a former spider.

I set traps and when the enemy is deceived, I weaken them with poison.

A species with cunning as a selling point.

Indeed tactics ideal for me.

Fufufu, I do not choose the means in order to win.

However this isn’t something which can be done right now.

This is tentatively the anti-Kuro strategy, though it makes some assumptions and will still take some time to complete.

It’s still the previous discussion where I’ll clash with Kuro even if I don’t get impatient, because it’s not decided whether it can happen, let’s proceed slowly.

Next thing being advanced is information gathering, spreading out the clone bodies to expand the the range I can move with transfer.

I collect information by dispatching my clones various places and I can make a foothold there for transferring at the same time.

With this, if something happens, I’ll be able to perceive it immediately. In addition it solves two problems in that I can rush there immediately.

I’m especially making effort in collecting information about the movements of the Elves and searching for people who reincarnated from another world.

The Elves are an opponent who the Demon King and Kuro watch, I should be cautious too.

Above all they seem to be aiming for other worlders. While investigating the reason, I want to interfere with their actions.

However, I feel like I’m losing the initiative everywhere I turn.

Because they have already attacked the Vampire child, the possibility that the Elves have already come into contact with a number of those who reincarnated is quite high.

Though I do not know how many that will be, it wouldn’t be strange if I’m already too late.

The Vampire child was in a considerably dangerous situation.

There are a lot of mysteries surrounding the Elves.

Why are they aiming for those who reincarnated?

How is it possible to figure out who’s reincarnated?

Even I don’t know.

On my side, I only gather this information for the most part, I haven’t hit upon any information regarding reincarnated people yet, an elf saw through the Vampire child being a reincarnated person so simply.

There seems to be some mechanism, but I can’t imagine what it is.

For the time being, I’ll pursue the Elves in the future. I have no choice but to make sure I can find their weak point.

The information about reincarnated people doesn’t readily gather either.

Well, because there is no way to distinguish reincarnated people by appearance, the only possible sign is whether or not they have the n%I=W skill.

Appraisal can’t be used, because I’m cut off from the system, I cannot look for it.

First of all, I’m investigating those who stand out one after another, it’s inefficient.

In addition, it’s like the reincarnated people will have equal cheats.

It usually grows up inside, there might be reincarnated people who overdo it.

It’s impossible for everyone to be training for battle from the time everyone was small.

Rather, judging from normal human sense, isn’t that more abnormal?

Well, because D should have distributed each 1 suitable skill as a transmigration privilege, is it a cheat when compared with normal human beings?

Among them is the Vampire child’s vampire skill, there may be a pitiful victim who receives a skill they think is foolish.

Yes, because it’s D it’s seems likely there are such victims.

Just now there seems to be a hit on a person from information gathering, it is a prince of a country called Rengzand Empire I think.

A natural prodigy seems to be talked about.

It really looks that way.

It’s something I’d like to confirm somehow or other, but he’s indeed the prince of a rather large country and has a strong guard.

Though I can force my way through with the power of my clone, I want to go as gently as possible in secret.

I’ll wait for a chance for now.

The Elves may interfere.

And in my ears the rolling rumbling on the bed, the door opens violently with a ‘BAAAN’.

Turning my neck to face the door, one man stood there with a blue vein showing on his temple.

Though it’s a man I’m seeing for the first time, he looks like Balt.

Are they brothers or something?

「Is it this fellow? The woman who only eats?」

What a cruel thing to say.

Because it’s not incorrect, so I can not deny it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 226: Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring, secret manoeuvres
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

226 Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring, secret manoeuvres

The delinquent entered.

The spider left the room.

「Wh-!? She disappeared!? Is this Space Magic!?」

Though I thought I heard it, surely it’s just my imagination.

Unlike Balt’s serious feeling, I can’t handle this hooligan looking man.

I avoided him completely, when I return he should have gone back.

One of the ways to get along in adult life is to avoid pointless quarrels.

It’s definitely not because I was scared by that bastards appearance.

I’m not crying.

I secretly observe the man using the eyes of the clone I left behind in the room.

The man who froze for a while, began searching the room lightly.

He looks under the bed and opens up the closet.

No, I didn’t hide in that sort of place.

Don’t look for me in a location which I clearly can’t enter.

Hey, wait, isn’t my underwear in there!?

Ah, it was closed swiftly.

Ooh, wonderful bright red.

Is he pure contrary to his appearance?

Ah- No, I get the feeling he’s rather strict despite having a street appearance.

The man left the room in the end without being able to find me.

Phew.

Though I couldn’t be found because I wasn’t there, my clone could’ve been found.

Well, I can do whatever I like even if I’m found.

Because it’s dangerous to return immediately, let’s pass time somewhere until the excitement cools down.

Fumu.

Since I have the opportunity should I go and study the matter I left unattended?.

Crossing into a different space, I came to the the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Between the upper and middle layer.

The place that I made a base for a period of time.

There is a den and a huge object.

The cast off shell of a Queen Taratect.

She the one who’s soul I pulled out when I deified.

One of my parallel wills was once lodged in this queen, but now it is soulless in a a death like state.

A soul death, where the brain doesn’t die.

Although the body lives, because the soul has died, it ceases being a living thing.

In the body of the Queen, I inject a small amount of soul in the form of a clone.

But I don’t let it activate yet.

When I make such a large one activate and it moves, I think that the energy consumption will jump up a stupid amount.

I’ll usually leave it in suspended animation and let it activate when I decide how to use it.

Though I cannot expect it to be very useful against Kuro, it is a monster of the strongest class in this word and I think that other than the aforementioned Kuro, it can’t be dealt with.

Well, because it something like my concentrated power on a cast off shell, it doesn’t have the benefit of skills either so it will be different from it’s original strength.

Mmm!

Did it become slightly weaker?

However it should still have the power of a high class dragon which should be sufficiently useful in this world.

For the other Queens, let’s leave them to the Demon King.

A soul should still faintly remain in the other Queens.

I only succeeded in taking over this one and one other, another was still on the way.

Though there is already a soul dead Queen suffering from suspended animation, it is too far away and because I haven’t been there once, I can not transfer.

I’ll have to leave it for a while.

Because they didn’t become soul dead, the other Queens should still be alive.

Though it will be weakened greatly, it’s still a very menacing creature with a large mass.

Is this about it for a Queen?

I move to the next place by transfer.

I’ve come into a forest.

The forest of the Elves that I discovered with a clone.

In front of a barrier that exists around the centre.

Although I investigated it to some extent with my clone, I thought I should confirm it with my main body after all.

Thus, I observed the barrier carefully.

Yep, this wasn’t made by a skill.

The limit of the power that the system gives has been exceeded.

Even the Demon King who is very close to limits of status can not break this barrier.

No matter how you think of it, this barrier is operated by using MA energy.

Otherwise it would be impossible to maintain a barrier with this output.

Why does Kuro leave this?

Umumumumu.

I don’t understand.

Should I break it now and destroy the generating device right now?

Mmm, however the world’s situation seems like it’ll move awfully fast if I do.

Is it that my present lazy life, er rather, that I may lose my lead time, isn’t a situation that I welcome very much.

I observe from all direction with clairvoyance, there seem to be a lot of enemy Elves.

If the barrier breaks, will it be a sound thrashing?

Well, as for the Elves, the barrier does not seem to be their only trump card either and it could also be there pattern where things get reversed.

Even if it falls down, I think there will be a large-scale battle.

I might disturb the Demon King who is pushing forward preparations for war.

I can not yet block the Demon Kings way.

As a result, I may arrive at my aim if a lot of dead people appear, so that it won’t be noticed by Kuro, I have to pretend that I’m following the Demon King’s will to the very limit.

If I attack the Elves whom Kuro leaves alone.

It will definitely be noticed.

Is it safe to stop?

However, coming here, doing nothing and then returning is-

I should be able to let a clone creep inside the barrier to see how it turns out at least.

I search the surroundings.

There it is.

Though there are also a few Elves outside the barrier, it was there.

I think that is an outside patrol.

In that, I aim at the small group of moving people.

3 people.

They don’t notice me.

I open my eyes and open my Evil Eyes.

Just now, the group of 3 elves didn’t move as if they had hardened.

I imitated the Static Evil Eye and make the movement of the other party hard.

I approach the group of 3 and begin to make them open their mouth by force.

I put a ball the size of a ping-pong ball into their mouths and make them swallow it.

This is fine.

I take a distance from the group of three and cancel the effect of the Evil Eye.

The group of 3 returned back to the watchtower as if nothing happened.

The good thing about this Evil Eye is that whilst under it’s effect, no memories are left behind.

Whatever I do, so long as the opponent is under the effects of the Evil Eye, they can not resist at all and won’t remember at all.

Even if I scribble on their face they won’t notice unless someone points it out or they look in a mirror.

With this, at least one among those 3 should enter the restricted area beyond the barrier.

The egg in the stomach will hatch and a clone will be born inside the barrier.

If that happens, it’ll be ours.

Because it’s not necessary to cause a commotion, the parasite will crawl out of it’s host’s mouth without killing them whilst they sleep.

I was satisfied with my good work and returned to the mansion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 227: She who does not work, neither shall she eat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

227 – She who does not work, neither shall she eat

On returning to the mansion, there was a shocking note left for me.

「Milady, in accordance with the instructions of Master Blow, the portions of your food have been reduced. Hitherto, we can no longer serve what you request. Please understand. However, please put your mind at ease. While you are staying at this castle, we shall continue to offer you morning and noon meals. We believe that our chefs efforts will most likely deliver a satisfying result.」

In short, there’ll be less food now, okay? That ain’t “okay”! Certainly, the food here is delicious. But, I need a lot too! If there’s gonna be less food, how am I going to maintain my clones huh!

Ugh, unbelievable. At this rate, death by starvation (for my clones) awaits. Can I let my clones hunt suitable monsters by themselves? No, while they’re secretly spying there’s no way I can let them. Besides, if I go all out on the monster hunting, the ecosystem will collapse. In fact, because of me the Elro Great Labyrinth’s ecosystem is quite warped already. It’s possible that the establishment of the System whereby monsters attack humans will break down.

In that case, should I at least let the clones hunt insects and small animals? I don’t really wanna do that either, but beggars can’t be choosers.

Also, I’ll get those orders from that Blow guy revoked, to get my original food portions restored I guess. Blow – he’s that hoodlum from earlier, right? For him to able to give out orders, that means he’s connected with the master of this mansion. I guess I should expect him to be Balto’s brother or something huh? Given the fact that demons don’t look their age, it’s also possible for him to be a son.

Well, I don’t care about that Blow guy’s identity. He’s done something that should not be done. It’s been often said that to deprive me of food is to invite the wrath of god. I ought to teach him the terror of grudges over food.

Even still, it’s not like what he’s getting at is actually wrong you know. From his point of view I’m basically a freeloader, for one. I am actually conscious of my heavy eating. There’s no helping it, you know. In order to maintain my overly numerous offspring, I gotta eat loads ya see.

Since I’m a guest, even if they reduce the amount, it seems unlikely that they’d do stuff like driving me out from the mansion or refusing to serve me food. I wonder if that hoodlum knows the fact that I’m someone authorised by the Demon King? If he knew I don’t think he’d do this, but I’m not sure. At the least, I reckon that hoodlum didn’t discuss this matter with Balto. For one, Balto was pissing himself over both me and the Demon King. I doubt he’ll oppose me over something so trivial.

Meaning, the most efficient way to solve this is, to go direct to Balto. If I do that I think I’ll be able to regain the original amount of food. But, if I do that then things are going to get worse with that hoodlum. It’s just a feeling, but, that type seems strong when opposing authority. Or maybe I’m being prejudiced. If I appeal to Balto, I could be viewed like a parasite that relies on sucking up to authority. That, sure would be galling.

Thus, on top of making that hoodlum capitulate, I want to brazenly demand food. Then there’s no other way. As that guy demands, I guess I better put some effort in. I secluded myself in my room.

The next day, I went to the castle. When I had asked the mansion’s butler about the hoodlum’s whereabouts, I heard he was normally at the castle.

Thanks to the pass Balto had gotten for me previously, I was able to easily enter the castle. But, after that it got bad. To request a meeting with that hoodlum took some time and I had to wait even longer for the meeting itself. I went to the castle in the morning, yet it was evening by the time I finally got to meet him. Damn red tape.

「What do you want?」

In that voice was unconcealed irritation and tiredness. Th, the heck, he’s working!? When I entered the hoodlum’s office, there was stacks of paperwork totally in contrast to his appearance. You’re a damn hoodlum, what’re you doing desk work for!? The definition of a hoodlum collapses!

「Hey, I’m busy here. Hurry up and state your business.」

Oops. For a minute there I was floored by the shocking scene. To the hoodlum buried in documents, I add a large load of more documents. I take out a heap of documents from another dimension and slam them down.

「I worked. Gimmie food.」

I state my objective directly.

「Huhh?」

The hoodlum says, frowning and dumbfounded. Glancing between me and the additional pile of documents, he reluctantly reaches out for them. Then, he scans over the written contents therein. His eyes that seemed doubting, slowly open wide.

The hoodlum who had been leaning back in his chair, bends forwards while eagerly fixing his eyes on the documents. After going over the first sheet, he hurriedly scans over the next document. He scanned through all the documents at an astonishing speed.

「Just, how… did you do this?」

After finishing the documents, the hoodlum asks that somewhat absent-mindedly. I’m not the type to simply answer that. As if I’d divulge my abilities.

「Secret.」

In response to my answer, the hoodlum scowls slightly, but then quickly glances away. Then, he holds his head as if coming down with a headache.

「Fine. Do what you want at the mansion.」

The hoodlum said that as if in resignation. Heh, I won.

「Are you done? Because of you I’ve got even more work to do.」

With pleasure. It’s not like a mere hoodlum is any match for me. I leave immediately.

What I handed over was useful seeming information from within the demon region, ferreted out by my clones. My request was successful, that sure was some good work done, me. Now that hoodlum can’t denounce me as freeloader. If it’s to preserve my easy life, there’s nothing I won’t do.

Translation notes:

The title is a well known phrase and I used the typical English version of it, except changing he to she – the Japanese version is gender neutral.

Compared to other translations I’ve changed “delinquent” to “hoodlum” – Blow’s image would be a gaudily/roughly dressed and angry/dangerous looking young man.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 228: And here’s the second already.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And here’s the second chapter already.

I have a lot more chapters already translated but the need proof reading etc. That’ll have to wait until I get back from work.

228 Whyyy!?

Author’s note: Demon King’s perspective

Meh. Nothing to do. How’d this happen?

At the Demon King’s castle, I should have been beginning my work as the Demon King, and yet while I was travelling I was far busier somehow, right? How strange.

At the Demon King’s castle a typical day goes: get up early and have breakfast, loiter around, have lunch, laze around, have supper, slouch around, sleep.

Oh? Isn’t that, like a NEET? Strange. I’m the Demon King. But what I’m doing is no different to a NEET?

Well, it’s somewhat unavoidable. Yeah, since the disappearance of the previous Demon King, Balto’s been there keeping the demons together the whole time. With me suddenly popping up from nowhere, there’s no need to order others to do this or that. Actually, if I did that it would just result in confusion instead. In short, I just need to convey the general objective. For now that’s to focus on building up the army.

I am referred to as the oldest Divine Beast, yet there’s not much I can do in government. Anyhow, it’s been too long since I got involved with this government stuff. Theoretically I know about it, but I’d have to admit that it may be impossible in practice for me. Even if I tried I’d probably be at the bottom of the pile for years, ending as a good-for-nothing who just messes up the place. Therefore, there’s been nothing for me to do for now.

The King reigns but does not govern. Yeah, I’m the personification of that saying. Day by day I feel that those around me are increasingly giving me the cold shoulder, but I’m surely just imagining it.

Hrm. But, this is boring. If it’s going to be this boring then maybe I should bring Shiro-chan with me? I bet that girl is doing nothing but loafing around the mansion anyway. Ah, better not. The NEETs will just increase then. Crap. It’ll become a blizzard of cold shoulders.

Actually, the eyes of Balto’s little brother Blow have been stabbing daggers at me lately. Blow is the sub-commander of the 4th army. After Balto got tied up with government, it became Blow who commanded the 4th army in practice. He looks like a hoodlum version of Balto. But, contrary to those looks, he only really has the ability to master office work. Perhaps it’s due to looking up to his elder brother continuously organizing the demons, he has proven to be not inferior in excellence to his brother. He has a tendency to over-idolize his elder brother, but that’s okay I reckon! The taboo of siblings in…

So, the current situation where that Blow’s esteemed elder brother is bowing before a mysterious NEET, that would surely rile him up. Mysterious NEET – that’s me. I’m the Demon King that has displaced his esteemed elder brother. From Blow’s point of view it appears that I have undeservedly stolen the throne of the Demon King. Gnnn. It’s urgent that I make him realize my greatness. But, how?

Get working? No deal. It’s a pain, totally bleargh, and like I said earlier if I start crudely intervening in government it’ll have the opposite effect. Balto has the track record of gathering the demons without mishap, so it’s more effective to just leave it all to him.

Shake him down a bit? No deal. If it goes poorly then my image could go from bad to worse. In the sense of making him acknowledge my strength, it’s certainly the fastest. Though if I overdo the lesson and he starts moping around or something it would be unbearable. He obviously has a lot a pride, so it’ll probably take him some time to recover from merely submitting to me. From a long term point of view that seems likely for his personal development, in which case, his chances of recovery would be like 50-50. Most of all, in a critical period like this it’s not good to render a good pawn inoperable.

So what, is left? Nothing? Th, that can’t be. It’s surely possible that there’s an awesome way to make everyone recognize my greatness! Surely it’s possible, right?

While I’m seriously struggling here, there’s a knock on the door. After giving permission, in comes the Balto and Blow brothers.

「Excuse me.」

Bowing his head politely while entering is Balto, and sullenly silent is Blow. Even when Balto glances at him in rebuke, Blow ignores it. Seems like he can’t stand me to the extent of ignoring his esteemed brother’s guidance.

「Maou-sama, I wish to consult with you.」

「On what?」

「Surely you jest. How could you not know, Maou-sama?」

Balto inquires with a wry looking smile. Hm? I don’t get where he’s coming from. Seems like it should be obvious to me what Balto wants to consult about, but I’ve seriously got no clue.

「Sorry. I’m really not following you here, what is it?」

On my frank admission, Balto and Blow turn to each other. It bothers me that Blow has a somewhat triumphant expression.

「Brother, it’s like I said right? She’s so incompetent that she doesn’t even understand what her subordinates are up to.」

「Blow, I apologise.」

「Nah. Let’s get this straight. She’s unfit to be the Demon King.」

「Blow!」

Suddenly I’m being dissed. Why? What’s going on? I’m more confused than angry over this nonsense they’ve brought with them.

「Umm, how about you tell me what you wanted to consult with me about?」

「Certainly.」

While breaking out in a cold sweat, Balto hands me some documents.

「Based on the intelligence that Shiro-dono has gathered, the illegal activities of Warkis the present general of the 7th army has become clear. Furthermore, it has been determined that his secret plans for a coup d’état have advanced and before long would be staging a revolt. There is adequate proof.」

I look at the materials in my hands. Recorded in them is proof of illegal activities from numerous intelligence reports. Er, what are you up to, Shiro-chan?

「By successfully determining their actions at an early stage, I believe we should attack them instead to take decisive action to suppress them before they can launch their coup d’état. For that reason, I wish to seek authorization to deploy the 4th army under Blow’s command.」

Oh, ahh. Let’s see. Erm? Well for now, let’s go with that, yeah.

「I’ll leave it to you.」

That’s the only thing I can say. Though Shiro-chan, seriously, what are you up to? This is obviously top secret internal information you know. So how did you get hold of it then?

To my half-hearted response, Balto nods without batting an eyelid. Blow has a vein about to pop on his forehead, but before he can say anything his head is forced down by Balto.

「Then, we shall proceed as discussed.」

Balto bows his head and at the same time increases the force on Blow’s head to also make him bow. Seems like Blow had to hold himself from almost brushing off that hand. Forcing up his head, he gruffly stomps out of the room. Balto bows his head again, then follows after.

Ah-hah, then, this is why I was thought to be so incompetent that I don’t even understand what my subordinates are up to. On top of that, what Shiro-chan obtained was bumper sized intelligence. An incompetent boss with capable subordinates. That’s how you think of me, huh? Shiro-chan of all people.

Whyyy!? How did this happen!?

Translation notes:

When “maou” (demon king) is used as a title I left it as is, eg “maou-sama”.

Balto’s speech patterns are fairly polite, unlike his younger brother who talks quite roughly to everyone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 229: The Mastermind
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

229 – The Mastermind

Now then. I’ve gotten accepted by the hoodlum and gained the right to eat three full meals a day. Back to stress-free lazing around, ahem, make that being able to concentrate on my own projects.

Among my clones, the group in the Elro Great Labyrinth should soon reach the entrance on the other side. However, due to humans occasionally coming and going, in order to not raise suspicions every individual must proceed carefully so as to not be discovered. It seems like doing that will take up more time than actually walking through the Great Labyrinth. Incidentally, my babies are starting to return to their original den. I’m making them link up with the babies protecting the Queen in suspended animation and soon I think I’ll be able to let them do as they like within the Labyrinth. Unlike my clones, they’ve already become independent of me, so I have to allow them a certain amount of freedom.

The rest are in charge of intelligence gathering in the demon territory. As I divulged to the hoodlum, the 7th army have been making odd movements. The hoodlum should be able to handle them, but I guess I’ll cooperate with him to guard against the improbable event of them breaking through. Since it wouldn’t be good for the demons’ preparations to become disordered.

In addition, I must eliminate those who were behind this incident. The bunch who instigated the 7th army commander Warkis to try to stage a coup d’état.

I’d sent one of my clones to attach to the 7th army to monitor them. There it found Warkis and a disguised man. At the mansion of the lord where the 7th army are stationed, there in the innermost room.

「Delivery of the weapons will be done soon. The preparations will then be almost completed.」

Thus speaks the man with the I-am-a-bad-guy face to the disguised man. A boringly obvious third-rate jobber. Sheesh, from his appearance to his greedy expression, perhaps he’s interested in becoming the Demon King, is the sort of imagery that this sadly deceptive scene brings to mind. Mr Third-rate, ahem, Warkis the 7th army commander, is pushing the obvious bad-guy angle even further by smoking a cigarette.

「I’m grateful to you. Since it’s thanks to you that I should be able to take early action.」

「It’s a matter of interests aligning. No thanks are necessary.」

The disguised man replies indifferently. He is the one. He’s the real criminal of this coup d’état. The ringleader supplying weapons etc to the 7th army and setting up the control of intelligence.

Basically, this whole coup d’état is a farce designed to fail. With merely the 7th army taking action, it’s a scheme that’d be dead on arrival. I’m sure he’s assuming the battle will be won quickly, but while his troops will be fatigued from marching, they must face the uninjured 4th army in a disadvantageous castle siege. If they take too long reinforcements will rush over from other cities and be crushed, and even without that their chances of victory are slim. Let’s say things go well for arguments sake – even a fragment of the Demon King’s power is enough to crush them easily. From the start the 7th army has no chance of victory.

Nevertheless, the reason why I leaked the intelligence to the hoodlum, was because of the existence of this man. He’s fishy. I’m using a clone for observation, but every time I lose sight of him in transit. It shouldn’t be possible to fool the eyes of my clone, so I think he’s escaping with Space Magic.

There shouldn’t be many who can make use of Space Magic. Probably the number of people in the whole world who have the Skill for Space Magic can be counted on one hand. That’s how difficult Space Magic is. Even with the help of system assistance, there’s nobody who can master it that easily. The only users of Space Magic that I know of, are the Demon King and that magician who applied to be my apprentice. The Demon King has the skill for Space Magic, but her skill level is low enough that she can’t do much with it. In other words, it means that the only master of Space Magic I know of is that magician. That’s how scarce it is. Though back when I was using it like crazy I hadn’t really realised that fact. Oh that reminds me, Kuro also used it like crazy.

The advent of someone using Space Magic is plenty enough reason for caution. On top of that I don’t get his objectives. While under surveillance, amongst the various information the disguised man provided to Mr Third Rate, there was some on the existence of the Demon King. In other words, it seems that this coup d’état is setup to kill the Demon King.

I don’t get why he’s trying to do that. But, the most important thing to note is that this disguised man knows about the existence of the Demon King when only a fraction of humans should do so. He has the ability to slip through my surveillance eyes and has exposed the existence of the Demon King. In the Demon King’s territory, my clones have set up a perfect monitoring system. If there’s anyone suspicious in the Demon King’s territory, I won’t fail to notice. Which then means, that the existence of the Demon King has become noticed outside. How?

The most likely reasonable answer is that, before reaching the realm of the Demon King, we were being monitored. In which case, I also know what this disguised man is. He’s an elf.

That reminds me of when we rescued the vampire girl: that Po-something elf leader knew about the Demon King. Considering the power of the Demon King, it wouldn’t be strange if that secretive bunch would add another thing to monitor. Actually, it wouldn’t surprise me if it’s at the level where they also took notice of me. If we’ve been monitored the whole time then it makes sense.

Perhaps for the elves, it’s more like that the Demon King has been recognised not so much as the Demon King but the oldest Divine Beast. Then, after we reached the realm of the Demon King, they hypothesized that the oldest Divine Beast became the Demon King. Finally, believing that existence to be a threat, they formed a plan in order to tempt the 7th army into erasing it.

With this it can be pretty much explained using logic. But, there’s still things I don’t get. If they’ve determined that the Demon King is the oldest Divine Beast, then they should know of her power as well. Even if they’re able to make her come to blows with the 7th army, they can’t think she’d be killed. I wonder if they have some other objective. Who knows, maybe they have a secret weapon to destroy the Demon King or something.

Either way, I can’t get careless. That’s why I came up with the plan to have the hoodlum strike first to take the wind from their sails. Strike pre-emptively and completely. Then I’ll watch my opponent. Apparently the elf leader can do something like my resurrection eggs, even if you kill him he doesn’t die, so even if he’s gotten rid of it likely won’t have much effect. In that case, on determining all of his plans, then I’ll crush him. Simple and easy to understand, yup.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 230: I have been too naive
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

230 – I have been too naive

I, have been too naive. So naive it makes chocolate seem bitter in comparison.

Since becoming a god, the only one capable of opposing me is Kuro. Even with Kuro, if I can avoid a direct confrontation then I reckon I can do whatever I like. In reality it is like that too, though Kuro has continued to be cautious of me, he’s not perceiving me as an enemy. Since the start I’ve not recognised anybody else as having the potential to become my enemy, so there’s a gap in the response between us. To plug the gap in power between us I need time to build up my resources, and shall put them to good use. Even if it seems about to turn into a direct battle, I have some tricks prepared. For these reasons, nobody exists who can rival me on this world. Or so I thought.

So naive. So naive it makes soft cream seem bitter in comparison.

I might be god but I’m far from omnipotent. I’m just a bit strong. The proof is in the existence of Kuro who is not able to do much about this world. I should have thought a bit more deeply about this. Even if I had considered it, maybe nothing would have been any different though. And yet, I still have regrets.

I should have known. The depths of malice that people can have. Just how vicious the humans of this world can be. What I absolutely need to be vigilant against, is not simply people’s strength, but rather just how cruel their feelings can become instead. I should have known, yet I looked down on it.

So naive. So naive it makes raw sugar seem bitter in comparison.

The 4th army lead by the hoodlum has launched an assault on the 7th army. The 7th army which thought itself to be nearly ready for its own assault, instead found itself to be on the receiving side of a surprise attack, and are responding while terrified. Consequently, their defensive formation couldn’t be established correctly, and their defence line was breached with ease. At that point the defending side lost the majority of their advantage, and the battlefield turned into an all-around melee. In that event, the outcome was reflected by who had the highest morale. Though their armies were equal in strength, it was between the 4th army who were attacking with full preparation, versus the 7th army confused by being attacked when they were preparing to go on the attack. There was a clear difference.

That being said, it was just the opening stage, and the 7th army was able to regroup as combat entered the middle stage. I guess you could say it should be expected of a professional warmonger. Well, the initial loss was large even still, so no matter how they regrouped they were gradually worn down. The 4th army also did not attempt to forcibly attack in one big wave, instead switching to careful attacks to avoid exhaustion. Maybe, when the 7th army regrouped, if it had used continuous aggressive attacks, heavy losses might have been inflicted. The commander kept hotheadedness on the field in check, giving out clear orders. Not bad, hoodlum.

The outcome of the battle became clear. All that was left was how the 7th army commander Warkis would respond. If they resisted to the bitter end they would be annihilated. If they surrendered it would end there. Either way the leader Warkis would lose his life, but surrender was better in terms of saving the rank and file. The question was, what about the disguised man. As much as my clones searched, there was no hint of him on the battlefield. Would he realise the danger right away and flee?

That prediction, was half right, and half wrong.

There was a group who tried to break through the 4th army’s encirclement. Though few in number, with clever magic to open a gap in the encirclement, they still tried to escape somehow. The common trait of that group, was that they all had hoods concealing their faces.

It was clearly a group of elves. So I concluded, and sent my clones towards them. Though it’s fine to leave them to the 4th army, I’d like to at least grab one for myself. To isolate one in another dimension, lost inside the melee.

When I had concluded that, I found her. Found HER.

She was a small child, unsuitable to be on a battlefield. Compared to that little Hero from before, she was even smaller. Even smaller than the current vampire girl. Such a tiny girl, was fighting on a battlefield.

Miraculously, that child was in the middle, while the other elves fought. Considering her appearance, that child’s ability was high. But, the elves around her were adults with even higher ability. Even still, the child was in the middle. Protecting the child, they fought.

I heard voices.

「Don’t give up! Focus on escaping!」

「Yes!」

To put it bluntly from my point of view, the chances of them being able to break through the encirclement, was zero. Considering all their individual abilities, without a hidden jewel amongst them breaking out from this place is impossible. I’m sure that they had realised that as well. And yet, like a ray of hope, they attempted to break through. They clearly had no intention of surrendering. They plunged themselves forwards desperately. As if to prove it, one, by one, they fell.

「Kinun!」

「Go, Oka!」

「But!」

「Go! I’m already done for.」

「Don’t say that!」

「You’re going to save your pupils, right! Don’t stop in a place like this! Go!」

The mortally wounded man, musters his final strength for a rush. Even still, he’s easily countered and run through with a blade, and dies. No matter one’s resolve, one’s conviction, without strength you cannot accomplish your goals.

They’re elves. But, there’s something different about them. They’re different to the ones who were sent to target me. That lot were clowns, knowing nothing yet only believing in their own righteousness. That lot the Demon King said were the fool faction, with contempt.

But, I don’t care about that. “Oka” and “pupils”, was what he said. As to the meaning of those words, I realised it right away. Because, that child in the middle of the elves, her soul was on a completely different level to the other elves. The feeling from her soul, is similar to the vampire girl. That means only one thing.

I use Space Magic, sheltering the group of elves. At the same time, I recover the corpses too. The 4th army members who see their opponents suddenly vanish let out cries of confusion. The elves thrown into a strange location, also gape in incomprehension at their current situation. But, once they realise they’ve been saved, they raise cheers.

I heave a sigh of relief. But, the next moment, an uncontrollable anger bursts out.

Shit! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT! SHIT!

Yes, I get it. I get it already, the enemy’s motive. The enemy didn’t care whether the coup d’état was successful or a failure. It was just a test, to see if it could be done.

That was, if the Demon King’s army discovers a reincarnator, what action will they take. To see that action.

If they’ve been observing, then they should know that the Demon King is sheltering the vampire girl. The enemy wanted to see, just what kind of reception a reincarnator would receive here. In addition to that, to determine if they can be used as a hostage against the Demon King or maybe a disposable pawn.

Originally, I’m sure that group of elves intended to go against the Demon King directly. That way, the Demon King cannot fail to react whether she likes it or not. Then, due to the surprise attack from the 4th army their plans changed. The way things were going, that group would likely have been annihilated without producing any results. However, I saved them.

Such humiliation. Why after doing that, do I have to send back that person to be under the enemy’s thumb? Sticking to her soul, I saw the fragment of another parasite-like soul. If something happened, it seems that that person’s soul could be taken over. If, I had decided to keep hold of that person, I’m sure the enemy would have done that without hesitation. That person has been taken hostage.

By saving her, I have let the enemy know that she has value as a hostage. This way, the enemy shouldn’t be able to carelessly accompany her either. A hostage is basically, only someone who has value while alive after all. While she has practical value, that enemy can’t throw her away either. If the enemy does something stupid, I won’t go easy on him.

I take a look at the group I saved. She’s crying. While vomiting, she’s crying.

I don’t know what plot the enemy came up with. Though I’d bet, it’s probably something about how the Demon King has kidnapped her pupil. Then, while standing on a battlefield, help came. I don’t know just how much resolution and conflict she has within her though. I don’t know but, seeing her crying, vomiting and suffering appearance, it’s understandable that she’s embarked on a considerably painful road.

Despite all that, there’s nothing I can do for her. If I try, the enemy will take advantage of it.

Since becoming a god, I had thought that I had no worthy enemies. So naive. So naive, it makes the taste of blood spreading through my mouth seem bitter in comparison.

I’ll admit it. Potimas, you are worthy of being my enemy. And I shall make you realise this – just who you have made an enemy of. No mercy. Absolutely no mercy. I shall kill you in the depths of remorse and despair.

So please, sensei. Wait for me. I’m definitely going to save you. Someday, I’m definitely going to save you.

Translation notes:

In Japanese “amai” can mean both “sweet-tasting” and also “naive”, hence the running joke in this chapter with relies on both meanings. Because this doesn’t translate well I took a more liberal translation. For the last one with blood in her mouth, I presume this means that she has bitten her lip in frustration, or similar.

Shiraori refers to “Oka-chan” the classroom teacher as “sensei”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 231: The start of the politics of fear
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

231 – The start of the politics of fear

In the end the coup d’état was subjugated easily after that. Warkis gave up on resisting to the bitter end, and surrendered. The 7th army collapsed.

The hoodlum heads towards the captured Warkis. I also stealthily attached a clone to him. If you think that my clones only come in the size of the palm of your hand then you’re badly mistaken. Though the performance is lower, I can also create clones the size of the tip of a finger. So that it’s not exposed, the one I attached is on the hoodlum’s boots.

While Warkis was under the guard of the 4th army soldiers, he was locked up in the local lord’s castle. While his weapons have been taken, there’s no restraints on him at all. Are you sure about that?

「Warkis, commander of the 7th army. Anything to say in your defence?」

At the hoodlum’s question, Warkis looks back with a calm expression. Hmm? Somehow, going by his third-rate image, I thought he’d rant and rave shamefully like a cornered rat, but my expectation was wrong huh. He might be a general who lost the war, but he’s incredibly composed. It doesn’t suit his face, but that attitude ain’t that of a third-rater.

「Blow, huh. To think that you of all people would get wind of our actions.」

「It wasn’t me. We have an excellent intelligence officer you see.」

Is that, referring to me? Since when did I become your intelligence officer?

「Warkis, why did you do a thing like this?」

「To bring down the Demon King.」

Warkis responded immediately to the hoodlum’s question.

「I knew that a new Demon King had come. And also, that she’s started planning for a war with the humans. Such an act, cannot be done. The birth rate is declining year by year, the people are impoverished. The long war ruined the land. The lower classes suffer under heavy taxes, yet taxes are being raised further. Before the war starts the demons will be ruined. The demons have no need for a Demon King now of all times. We must refrain from fighting with the humans for now, and take the path of rebuilding. Surely you do not realise this? It’s not too late yet. Blow, together with Balto please stop the Demon King.」

Ah, this is bad.

I immediately teleport. Then, on appearing behind Warkis, I strike his back.

「Gahh!?」

Warkis groans. The guards and hoodlum open their eyes wide in astonishment. I gouge Warkis’s heart out from his chest, and crush it.

「What bullshit. No need to listen.」

I pull my hand out from the dead Warkis’s chest. Having lost its support Warkis’s corpse collapses, squelching as it sinks onto the floor. Scored my first fresh meat in a while.

「Why are you here?」

So the hoodlum asks me in a hoarse voice. I have no obligation to reply, but I guess I’ll go with a threat.

「Death to those who oppose the Demon King.」

On saying so I teleport away from there.

I guess that’s enough of a threat? The hoodlum had been a bit shaken from Warkis’s words. Though I’d totally thought of him as third-rate, he actually had a pretty good reason for staging his coup d’état huh. It appears that those words of Warkis, found some sympathy from the hoodlum. All the same, I’d certainly not expect him to actually betray us as things stand, but it’s possible that Warkis’s words will become a thorn that sticks into the hoodlum’s heart in the future. It won’t be possible to extract that thorn. In that case, I gotta create an atmosphere indicating that going against us is hopeless.

I knew that the current condition of the demons was not that good from the intelligence I’d gathered. Though actually, it’s not so much the demons, but this entire world. It can’t be put off for much longer. The world isn’t going to perish right away, but compared to my original assumption, the situation is definitely far worse. To the extent that Kuro had to create a place like THAT.

War isn’t possible in these circumstances. Thinking normally a ceasefire would be reasonable, and that staging a large offensive of all things in this situation would be insane, you know. However, that’s only when considering the commonly known situation, but in the actual abnormal situation we’re in, there’s no other option. Though saying that, for the average person trapped into their way of thinking that can’t be understood. They can’t be made to understand either. I don’t wanna know what kind of chaos would ensue if they did know.

Then, how should we inspire the lot who aren’t keen? The only option is to exert the power of the state. To put it bluntly, the current Demon King can’t be popular. The throne of the Demon King which was vacant for so long, was suddenly claimed so it’s obviously not possible. If we had a bit more of a margin, it might have been possible to use the time to build her up, but that’s more than we can hope for. It’s obvious that by telling someone to go to their death, that it’s not possible for them to trust the one who told them so.

If that’s the case, it’s better to take the opposite approach instead. Reign of terror. Obey or die. Do as you are told. Make them think that way. The Demon King has the power to achieve that after all.

The politics of fear that results in eventual failure is not a good thing, but that’s only looking at the long term. In the short term, it’s the optimum strategy for forcibly increasing the pace. The Demon King’s reign won’t last long either way, so there’s no demerit to this method. I don’t care how I’m thought of by those who are used and cast aside.

I can’t choose the means. That was my decision. My actions so far have been the tip of the iceberg, from here on out I’ll ramp it up to maximum strength. To do that, I gotta make full use of my main body which has just been playing around.

I’ve warned the hoodlum. He should now have the fear of being skewered behind the scenes if he betrays the Demon King. I might appear, any time, any place. That hoodlum cannot predict when or where. That even evasion is impossible. Unless he forgets that fear, the hoodlum cannot make any stupid moves against the Demon King. Not even if Warkis’s words touched the hoodlum’s heart. If, despite all that the hoodlum still opposes the Demon King, I can just skewer him behind the scenes as expected.

Next. I’m seen in the place I teleported to.

「Who are you?」

A calm voice. Not showing any emotions even after I suddenly appear. Even after having his back taken, his heart doesn’t waver in the slightest.

I see. For a demon, he’s pretty good.

「An agent of the Demon King.」

To the person who still has their back to me, I speak briefly. After hearing what I say, he finally turned around to face me. Though he seemed to casually turn to face me, he starts to grasp my intent. Though intent can be ignored at any time, for a normal human to grasp my intent with that timing and turn to face me, I’m sure he won’t suddenly attack me.

「I see. So it was true that the Demon King has arisen then.」

Maybe he even has his own intelligence network, since only a few demons know about the Demon King’s existence. What I’m aiming at, is that individual intelligence network.

「Orders. Become a double-agent.」

I announce that to Argnar, the 1st army commander. Develop a link with the elves, turn traitor on the demons.

Translation notes:

Going by order of release, Argnar was last seen in “Human-Demon Great War ⑤”. Maybe it would be more accurate to romanize his name as “Ahgnah” but that looks a bit silly. He has a polite but somewhat archaic way of speaking – fitting his “old general” image.

Kumo’s “place like THAT” is probably the special region beyond the Magic Mountains.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 232: The raccoon and fox spider try to outfox each other
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

232 – The raccoon and fox spider try to outfox each other

【Shiraori’s perspective】

「Envoy-dono, with merely that I fail to comprehend the meaning.」

What the!? Wh, why you. You want me of all people to give you a lecture!? Are you trying to kill me!? Only just before teleporting did I think hard on this, now he wants a detailed explanation. Wh, what’ll I do?

【Argnar’s perspective】

No answer huh. When she opened her mouth I thought she’d reveal more, but she’s more guarded than I expected. For her to teleport to me without me being able sense it she certainly has skill, I should think. However, after opening her mouth she rashly lost control of the situation.

Providing that this girl is really an envoy from the Demon King, I shall take control of the situation now. On top of it being dangerous to challenge an unknown Space Magic user, even should I win it is far too disadvantageous to make an enemy out of the Demon King. By any means, I would presently prefer to measure the abilities of the girl before me, but my appraisal stone is in my desk. Is it possible for me to take a seat on my chair in a natural way?

For now, I should try to keep her off-guard for a while I suppose.

【Shiraori’s perspective】

「Can you not respond? In that case, I shall compose a letter to the esteemed Demon King. At a later date you may deliver it to the esteemed Demon King. For my response, I am requesting a formal notice of the appointment, please take it with you.」

The heck? With natural movements Argnar sits at his desk, takes out pen and paper and begins to write something. Hmm. He’s requesting a discussion with the Demon King? That’s, inconvenient. As much as possible I don’t want the Demon King to comprehend my secret manoeuvring. Particularly related to this matter. It’ll become a scramble for the prey.

I don’t know what has happened between the Demon King and Potimas, I do know that it probably has extremely intense origins. For matters dealing with him, the Demon King will likely want to become involved. That’s unacceptable. I will kill him. I have decided. So, if I can I want matters involving the elves to go no further than me.

Ugh, I can’t stand it. My thoughts might be unfocused, but I have to say something!

【Argnar’s perspective】

「Unnecessary.」

With that reply, my doubts have grown. It appears that this girl does not know that I have met the present Demon King previously. If a suspicious person suddenly appears, there is no way that person can be readily trusted. Whether she is really an envoy for the Demon King or not, in order to ascertain that by pretending not to know the Demon King, the girl has not raised an objection. At that point, I gained doubts about whether she was truly an envoy. If she was the real thing, then she should have heard about me from the Demon King beforehand. Certainly we have not met since her return to the Demon King territory, but even still she should have sensed something from my words. When she did not correct me, I became suspicious that this girl is a fake. Being a fake, she brushed aside my suggestion. It’s as if she said that it’s bad for me and the Demon King to be in contact.

If my prediction is correct, then she is no envoy of the Demon King. In which case, who is she, what is she after?

Become a double-agent. What is the significance of those words? Could it be, that incident has leaked? Nay, I think not. I will proceed carefully. Those involved are all unswerving, being kept behind closed doors to the utmost. It’s hard to conceive of it leaking outside. If it had happened, it would be carelessness by the third party. Even so, considering that crafty lot it seems inconceivable.

What’s to be done? My appraisal stone is at hand. When taking out the writing brush and paper, I took hold of it with natural movements. If I activate it I will be able to read her abilities. But, that also means bearing the risk of her sensing the start of the appraisal. In that case it will change from a battle of wits, to a battle of lives. That’s premature. If I can gain time it is possible that somebody will notice something unusual and break into this room. If she does not wish for that, then it may be better to try to use that to gain some information from her.

「What do you mean by that?」

「I am the Demon King.」

【Shiraori’s perspective】

What am I saying!? Ehhh, ahhh, ummm. Why am I talking gibberish? It makes no sense to me either! It makes no sense, but now that I’ve actually said it there’s no going back. I’ll just have to go with the flow!

「Oh-ho. So you’re the Demon King. I see. In that case there is no point in writing a complaint is there. Since the real one is before me after all. By naming yourself an envoy it seems you like to play jokes. Then, please allow me to ask again. In your orders just now, was there some kind of prank included?」

「I meant what I said. You have a link with the elves, so keep it going to probe their internal affairs.」

【Argnar’s perspective】

Sweat is almost flowing down my back. How, does this girl know about that? Where did it leak from? I can’t believe anyone involved is a traitor. I can only think that it’s a blunder by the elves, but I’m still doubtful as to whether that crafty race would do such a thing. However, in truth it has been exposed to this girl. Furthermore, she believes it to be the truth. I can’t afford to be drawn in, so I’ll judge it from her attitude.

What to do? Even if I feign ignorance here the results will be weak. This girl from who knows where, clearly acts as if she has firm evidence in her grasp.

Just who is she really? From the point she styled herself the Demon King the attitude of a true envoy has vanished. But, I still cannot perceive her true character or intention. She has shown her ability, with mastery of Space Magic and holding secret information. It is certain that she is no ordinary person. However, I cannot think of anyone to equate her to. Even going just by those who can use Space Magic, there are not even any likely rumours that I am aware of.

Now she has seized the initiative. This is not the place for humble excuses, it is vital that I shift the point of contention to seize the initiative. It is a touch forceful, but I have a route to attack her with. If in the worst case the balance between us deteriorates, then it can’t be helped.

「You sure make unreasonable demands, fake self-proclaimed Demon King.」

【Shiraori’s perspective】

I’m so outed. Well, no big surprise. It’s not like I am the Demon King. It’s not like I meant to even say such a thing. Like blurting out gibberish in a panic would work well. It’s not like I’m evil either.

「I have met the real Demon King. Did you think that you could successfully deceive me now when the Demon King’s existence has yet to come to light? Girl, just who are you?」

Eh? He’s met the Demon King?

『Of course. When I inherited the title from the previous Demon King I occasionally kept in touch. At least I chatted with a veteran called Argnar, and a youngster called Balto who is currently gathering the demons. Well, at the moment when I was about to try to take center stage as the Demon King, I did get struck by an impossible attack from a certain someone so progress became stagnated.』

Ah. When was it again, that the Demon King told me that? I forgot. What’ll I do? No, even if I’ve been outed I really am involved with the Demon King though. Ahh, ohh, ahh. This is why talking with others sucks! Ah hell, now I’ve gotten desperate!

「When did you delude yourself that that was the Demon King? In that case what about the person right in front of your eyes? Just how do you see me? From your point of view, her or me, just who is more worthy of being the Demon King?」

I don’t even get what I’m saying myself, but let’s go with threats. I open my eyes, and as an additional option my clones peep out a bit from another dimension. A fixed smile service is included.

【Argnar’s perspective】

What the!? What is this!? Terrible eyes. A smile like a slanted semi-circle. They suddenly appeared inside the room – eyes, eyes, eyes, eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes-eyes! It’s as if I’m peering into the darkest abyss, and countless shining red eyes are staring back.

Involuntarily, I drop the appraisal stone in my hand. But, I don’t consider picking it up. Even without using such a thing, the difference in abilities is clear. The possibility of winning, cannot be conceived. This is, even beyond the Demon King I met before.

I cannot defy her. If I do I’ll be killed. I understand. I’ve been made to. This person is the true Demon King. For a worm like me to this great one, I can only beg for mercy. If not given, my will and meagre motives will be forcibly lost in the mists of time.

「Yes. I fully understand. From henceforth, I shall worship you as the Demon King, and do as you ask.」

I shall henceforth bend knee. Remaining in obscurity, surrendering before this monster in the form of a dreadful girl.

【Shiraori’s perspective】

I should have done this from the start. Threats make life easy.

Translation notes:

For the title, it is referring to the phrase “狐と狸の化かし合い” – “the raccoon and fox try to outfox each other” except it has “fox” replaced with “spider”. In Japanese folklore, foxes (kitsune) and raccoons (tanuki) are typically sly characters.

The lines of Ariel that Shiraori remembers here are from chapter 205 of the main story (chapter 278 overall).

For the lovely smile that Shiraori gives Argnar, this image is pretty much spot on:

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 233: The black-hearted biles
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

233 – The black-hearted biles

I succeeded in making Argnar submit. Though, since he seems to be carrying some kind of secret agenda still, I can’t be careless. Grinding him to a pulp right now is an option, but having a demon general actually in collusion with elves already, that’s just too delicious a situation, so instead I shall literally work him like a cart-horse.

Specifically, to dig for intelligence on the elves, and to leak convenient intelligence to the elves about the demon army. I don’t have much hopes about the former. Compared to what Argnar can dig up, what I can dig up myself will definitely be more substantial information. What’s important, is the latter. Feeding elves disinformation, feeding them accurate but safe to leak meagre information, I want to manage them somewhat with those methods. If that can be done successfully, I should be able to lure them into a trap. If it becomes too obvious the elves will then get suspicious, so I’m leaving the details of that side to Argnar.

I’ve lightly explained that to Argnar (it took more than a whole day), and after flaunting the deployment of my clones I returned home by teleport. I’m worn out. Mostly emotionally. Seriously, using people is such a pain. It’s crossed my mind that wouldn’t it be better for me to do everything myself. Why is it so hard for people to understand one another? Tell me please, god. Hey D, you shut up.

I want to take a break, but now’s not the time for that. While my main body was in contact with Argnar, my clones were up to various things. I gotta review all that and think about my next steps.

First up, the Elro Great Labyrinth: The entrance on the other side has been reached, so it’s finally time to start penetrating the Daztoldia continent. I guess it’s as expected huh, that at the entrance something like a fort is erected, for the humans to keep a lookout from. To penetrate stealthily, rather than all of them at once, it’s necessary to go carefully so that not a single one is noticed. We’re currently experiencing a spider traffic jam. Though the ones that have gotten past have begun the investigation of the Daztoldia continent, at this rate it seems like it’ll be some time still before full scale action begins.

Next, the human territories: For the objective targets in the human territories, this has been revised from searching for reincarnators to investigating the elves. The intelligence gathering in the streets will continue, but the others will smoke out the elves, shifting direction to surveillance. Unsurprisingly not many elves have been found yet in such a short time. It’s necessary to be patient and look at the long term.

Demon area: Argnar is dealt with. Next is, to strengthen the surveillance of the rest of the commanders and other important people. At present the only ones with a relationship with the elves are, the recently purged Warkis and then Argnar. It seems that the hoodlum will be temporarily governing Warkis’s territory for a while. If he does well I think that maybe the hoodlum will be promoted to commander, becoming Warkis’s successor.

Sensei: After that, she joined up with another elf unit, and is being safely protected. I’m not relaxing the surveillance. If anybody tries to do anything strange to sensei, I won’t go easy on them.

Vampire girl: She’s doing all sorts of crazy stuff at the academy. Really, girl. Considering your specs you’re already good enough to even beat an ordinary elite demon with one hand you know, if you get that serious with the kids around you they’re gonna die okay. What are you thinking?

And finally, the most important one, the elf village: The eggs that I made those 3 guards swallow have safely hatched. As planned, they hatch after going inside the barrier. They have succeeded in penetrating the barrier nicely.

I greet them during the night while they’re inside the mouths of the guards who are sleeping. Bile-1! Bile-2! Bile-3! Together you three are, the bile sisters! It’s show time!

Uwha, stinky. Nai wa. Sheesh, the way it was done was nasty, and nasty for me too. No repeats.

For now, with just three there’s limits to what can be achieved, so they’ll lay low for now, and endeavour to increase their numbers. Luckily the elf village is quite spacious. Excluding the residential-like place, the forest-like area itself is also spacious. No problems with food then. In the worst case I can supply energy from my main body anyway.

However, the barrier hinders the transmission efficiency of the energy drastically it seems. It’s not much, but their connection with my main body is also being inhibited. I’m sure it won’t be broken completely, but the information comes out late with what feels like a time lag. For the main body’s perception, before they hatched a bit earlier it probably didn’t feel too strange but now that they’ve hatched there’s good evidence for that from the gathered information.

In real time their hatching, was perhaps more than half a day earlier. I’d like to do something about correcting this out of sync perception, but while the barrier is functioning I guess I’ll endure it. I don’t really want to do it, but for the clones inside the barrier I should let them possess a certain degree of autonomy I guess. With the remote controlled types thus far, during an emergency situation, because of the time delay it’s possible that they won’t be able to cope at all. If that happens, it’s likely for the clones inside the barrier to be destroyed one after another completely. To stop that happening, I guess I better add the ability for them to take a certain amount of autonomous decisions.

For that reason, it’s really been a long time but I’ll separate my will. Injecting it into the clones inside the barrier. Even for this work the barrier gets in the way, so it took quite a long time. On top of that it wasted quite a lot of energy. But, now they should be able to get results inside the barrier. I’m relying on you, bile sisters!

Now then, I guess that’s it for the mortal world. Much of my overall offensive capability is being concentrated towards promoting anti-elf measures. The elves will be crushed. That much is certain.

In addition, I am simultaneously continuing with my old plan. Now that I think about it, that could be considered a betrayal against sensei. The one working to save the reincarnators is sensei. With my standpoint, I may kill the reincarnators instead. And not just the reincarnators. Whether they’re humans or demons or elves or monsters. It may well become a massacre on an unprecedented scale. Amongst the reincarnators, I’m sure some will become involved in that.

I will take away all the skills. With what I’m aiming for, the more skills one has, the higher their chance of dying because of that.

Translation notes:

Technically, “gastric juice” would be more accurate translation than “bile” but I went this way for better readability. And yes, Shiraori is treating the “bile sisters” like they’re action figures doing group actions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 234: The demon of Envy and the demon of Wrath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

234 – The demon of Envy and the demon of Wrath

About one year has passed. There’s been much progress in that year.

The surveillance system at the elf village is in the process of being perfectly completed. I’d never expected, that so many reincarnators would be gathered. I realise that the elves are going about securing the reincarnators, far faster than I am able to. Also, I realise that sensei is being used. No matter how many excellent magicians the elves might have, no matter what kind of underground operations they might have, for them to have gathered this many reincarnators is next to impossible. With the exception called Ruler Authority. I don’t think that Potimas can use Ruler Authority, so I think sensei has acquired some sort of Ruler skill, and is then using the skill search to infer the reincarnators’ locations. And that by using that information, the elves are gathering the reincarnators,

As to the reason why the elves are gathering the reincarnators, I only have a vague guess. I think the elves want to keep them permanently useless, so that they don’t develop. The reincarnators who are born by nature with a huge amount of skill points, their development potential is in the cheat class. That is, not something that the elves approve of. To keep them pruned back from becoming enemies. They’re not being killed immediately to satisfy and keep using sensei, or if not that then perhaps they’re uncertain of D’s true motives and are hesitating. Alternatively, maybe it’s to threaten Kuro somewhat. That’s all I can think of.

I’ve fallen far behind in terms of securing the reincarnators. Currently the only reincarnator I have is the vampire girl. Certainly I have marked some persons who are like that, but the only remaining ones are hard to get children from royalty or high status or under the protection of the Divine Word Religion. It seems that the same can be said of the elves, as the ones they’re obliquely monitoring, seem to be rejecting direct contact. It seems there’s some reincarnator-like people amongst an oddball mercenary band, having run into an elite demon group. So that those children don’t die, just in case I’ve recently dispatched Mera and some clones to look out for them.

The other one who caught my eye, is an ogre who appeared recently. There’s only been rumours so far, since I haven’t seen the actual one, but it appears to have some abilities that are unthinkable for a normal specimen. Rumours state, when it glows it achieves full recovery. Rumours state, its fighting ability shows sudden drastic spikes. Rumours state, it possesses multiple magic swords.

For the first one on full recovery, that’s, the level-up recovery, right? For the second one, I also have an idea about that. The System’s Wrath feature has been unlocked. That is, something that someone who has gained Wrath can do. Wrath explosively raises one’s status, but in exchange the Divine Area is quickly eaten away, so it has a really awful downside. For a fool to acquire such a booby-trap skill, or rather, for a fool to have the specs to be able to acquire it, it’s gotta be a reincarnator. It’s pretty much that hard to acquire a Ruler skill. But, for reincarnators who have excess skill points, they can just purchase it forcibly. Though I’ve no idea why anyone would want such a booby-trapped skill. And finally, the magic swords. For a skill that can create magic swords, it wouldn’t be surprising for a reincarnator to have it.

So there we have it, the likelihood of that ogre being a reincarnator is extremely high. So let’s try contacting him then. Well, I dispatched clones to try, but unfortunately they weren’t able to find him. Next thing, a group of knights from the Empire got the jump on me and rode out to subjugate the ogre it seems. Not only that, the one leading that lot was the magician apprenticeship applicant. When I saw him last he had the impression of being almost an old man, but he’s totally an old man now.

That old man, was one step away from cornering the ogre, but it was able to escape from the area. Just when he’d been shot through the head with magic, with that rumoured full recovery he endured, and was allowed to get away it seems. Close shave! You were so dead. If it’s as I suspect, and that full recovery is due to the special level-up that reincarnators get, then ogre-kun sure was walking the tightrope there man. To get a level-up that actually timed with being on the verge of death, you got amazing real world luck there. I’d like just a bit of that luck.

However, perhaps due to his survival instincts kicking in when about to die, it’s like he activated Wrath when escaping. This is bad. From my investigations, ogre-kun, you’ve been using Wrath quite a lot. It might not be long until you lose your sense of reason. If possible I’d like to secure him before that happens, can I find him? I have my clones search the area.

While pursuing ogre-kun, I have a little problem to deal with. The vampire girl. I raised her on a whim, but when I think of what I’m trying to do, making her gain skills is like really bad you know. The way things are going won’t my plan kill the vampire girl dead? What’s with raising her then killing her? I have to think of some kind of countermeasure, to devise some method to allow the vampire girl to live.

Regarding that problem, that vampire girl has made the problem even fucking worse all by herself. Almost simultaneously with Wrath, Envy has been unlocked. The culprit, is someone close by. Indeed, a clone doing proper test firing for skill training actually witnessed it. Vampire girl, she’s the one who fucking acquired Envy!

Are you dumb? Are you an idiot? Wanna die? Man, gimmie a break. Didn’t I tell you that the Ruler skill is one that mustn’t be acquired first thing, so why did you actually acquire it then I wonder. I’m in no place to say this though since I previously owned several.

The Ruler skill, that is, a broken ability super-powerful skill while simultaneously being an unquestionably booby-trapped skill that gnaws away at the possessor. I was lucky. Since I had Heresy Nullity you see. The Ruler Skill’s soul contamination wasn’t able to spread that far. But, the vampire girl doesn’t have that option. At this rate vampire girl is gonna become an Envy maniac!

For now, let’s ban her from using the skill as a temporary remedy. That way, the damage should be restrained as much as possible. I gotta ask her why she has such a skill anyway, so I guess I better go and talk to her at once.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 235
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Last in the batch series. That’s all chapters I have translated for now. The following one is in progress…

Got a vampire problem? Who you gonna call…?

235 – H, help!

On confirming that the vampire girl has gained the Envy skill, I turned up at the academy dormitory to forbid her the use of the skill. My inter-personal skills are still weak, but I should be able to talk to the vampire girl fairly well. Unlike with Argnar the discussion shouldn’t take a whole damn day. So thinking that, I faced against the vampire girl in the dormitory visiting room.

「Why do I have to talk about such things?」

When I asked the vampire girl why she had acquired the Envy skill, she answered irritably. Eh? Well, it’s not like I want to know no matter what, but isn’t it bad to refuse so strongly?

「Is that all you came for?」

Perplexed, the vampire girl says that and moves to return to her own room. Hmm? Why is she in such a bad mood? It’s not like you get time of the month yet. From what my clone saw, there wasn’t anything indicating that she was in such a bad mood though.

Anyway, it would be meaningless to come all this way for just that. Though I’m interested in reason she gained the skill, I don’t actually need to know no matter what, so I’ll compromise on that and just make sure to forbid her from using the skill.

「Hey! Why do I have to listen to such an order?」

O, okay. You’re in a REAL bad mood today huh. But, this is one thing I cannot back down on.

「No matter what, it’s not allowed.」

「Such a nag. I’m free to use whatever skill I like surely?」

Eh, ehhh? Seriously, what’s with you? For her to be so hostile is totally unforeseen right?

It’s time for, THAT. The final option.

「No matter what.」

I raise my voice a little and open my eyes. Immediately, the vampire girl shudders and starts to twitch. I have learned from Argnar’s case. Laborious negotiations are impossible for me. So then, I should threaten like this from the outset, and I can then just forcibly make them listen to my orders only.

「I, I got it.」

Yup. Wonderfully efficient.

「So we’re done? Then I’ll go back.」

But, vampire girl is rather different today. She just walked off without allowing me to stop her. On top of that, immediately on returning to her room she grabs my clone and throws it into the closet. Wh, what should I do…?

Or even, what can I do? Has she lost her temper that badly?

I’ve returned to the mansion before realising it. I don’t remember how. Vampire girl’s attitude, was a big enough shock that it even gave me some pause. What’ll I do? Vampire girl has hit the rebellious age!

Is there anybody I can consult with? I’m lost on how to quell a rebellious child? Demon King – rejected. I doubt that that dunce can do something delicate, such as handling a daughter in their rebellious age. Not just to her children, but to her many grandchildren, what she’s done can’t be written off as your average child abuse.

Kuro – nope, he seems the kind of useless father who is dominated by their wife, case closed. Balto – with his everyday work even at the best of times he looks like he’s about to die from stress, so if some additional responsibility is added he seriously might die. Hoodlum – as if I could let vampire girl meet the likes of him! Argnar – though he seems to be a decent sort, he still seems to be hiding some kind of objective so no go. The other commanders – not familiar enough with them.

Oh? Now that I think about it, I guess I don’t have too many people I can rely on huh? Or rather, it’s at the level where my only friendly ally is the Demon King. I, I’m not lonely or something!

Nah, talking seriously, it’s not like personal relationships are something I’ve been particularly bothered about though. How troubling. There’s nobody to consult with. Suddenly, D’s face comes to mind, but that person is the very worst to consult with. It’s obvious that she’d definitely amuse herself and make the situation even worse.

D? Yeah? Ah! Of course there’s one! The great entity that knows all!

I immediately teleport. To Wakaba Hiiro’s dear home.

Help me, great ○○○gle-sensei!

I see, I see. The two occurring rebellious ages come in infancy and adolescence, called the first rebellious age and the second rebellious age – got it. For the vampire girl, she’s surely passed her infancy long ago and this is her second rebellious age I guess? Hrmm. Going by her body you could say that she’s still barely an infant, but inside I guess she should be a proper adult huh. But putting it that way, on the inside it wouldn’t be strange to say that she should also be past the second rebellious age too, right.

For the second rebellious age, a feeling of independence is foremost, and they react with hostility to being told by their parents to do this or that. Hmm. That’s like a perfect match with the current situation. I get it. She has separated from me at the new environment of the academy, starting to gain independence by herself, that’s the situation. Then, on suddenly being told not to use a skill, I guess anyone would be hostile after being ordered like that. But, this is for the vampire girl’s sake. The child cannot know the parent’s heart. Though I also want to support her independence, I must harden my heart.

So next, how to deal with the problem? Let’s see, let’s see. Unilaterally scolding them and opposing them both have the opposite effect? Ah, crud. I might have done that already.

Well, this can be recovered, possibly! Now then. It’s critical to watch over them with an open mind? Gently turn aside what the child says, and leaving them alone to a degree are additional options? I get it. Have faith in the child, letting them find their own way, basically. From there their feelings of independence will develop in a proper way, allowing them to become proper adults right. Only scold them when they’ve made a clear mistake, then they can return to the correct path huh. Well, Rome wasn’t built in a day.

Okay then. Thank you, great teacher. For now I shall respect the vampire girl’s feeling of independence, refraining from excessive intervention. Yup. It’s the vampire girl’s second incarnation after all, I’m sure she’ll be able to mature on her own. I’ll believe in that. All I need to do is carefully watch over her. When things seem to be going in a bad direction, only then do I need to correct her

Okay! Now that I’ve decided that, I guess I’ll watch over her so that she doesn’t gain any strange skills. Then if she seems about to gain something strange, at such times I’ll then show her something better to gain instead. Yup, yup. The rebellious age, it’s not even worth fearing!

Translation notes:

Shiraori refers to Google as “dai-sensei” which is like saying “great sensei” (great teacher) or “sensei of sensei”.

“The child cannot know the parent’s heart” – this is a Japanese saying.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 236: The dragon, the pitfall, and some kinda monster hunter…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

236 – The dragon, the pitfall, and some kinda monster hunter…

A rather unexpected situation has occurred. I found the ogre-kun who had gone missing, but it was in the middle of a death match with the renowned Ice Dragon. WOW. As clear as day he hath become berserk. He’s really a wild and savage oni now. He has no trace of humanity in him though. Ah, it’s hopeless.

The Magic Mountains are guarded by the Ice Dragon, but even though it should be considerably strong, it’s ogre-kun who has the upper hand. It feels like his skills haven’t developed that much, but his status is on a whole other level.

With one blow from a magic sword, the Ice Dragon’s scales are easily being cut off. He’s dual-wielding. Exactly like “Demon’s dance”.

It’s also a matter of bad affinities. One of magic swords ogre-kun is using has the fire attribute. The fire attribute is harsh against the Ice Dragon. Also, it’s significant that he’s not using magic. The magic obstruction that is the characteristic of the dragon species, it basically becomes useless when the opponent doesn’t cast magic. The attribute attack from the magic swords is also a form of magic skill, but since it’s not magic from the System’s perspective the effects cannot be blocked. In short, taking blows one after another from the worst attribute, the Ice Dragon has now been driven into a corner.

Consider how I was having such hardship with the Earth Dragons. The difference caused by affinities is momentous. I was a special caster type who had somehow or other gained weakness enhancing magic, right. Ogre-kun here is a hard-core fighter type. He’s completely different to me.

Ah that’s right. Speaking of the dragons, it seems that the vampire girl has developed some kind of strange skill. It was activated during a mock battle in class. White scales appeared on vampire girl’s body. The magic of the teacher who was acting as her opponent, vanished before the vampire girl. I could only consider it being the dragon scale series of skills. Furthermore, going by how the magic was completely erased, the level is extremely high. How did she obtain a skill that should be limited to the dragon species? What comes to mind is the Envy skill. I think for the privileged skill connected to the title of Ruler of Envy, perhaps they are the dragon scale series of skills. How enviable, and how envious is the holder of the Envy skill. After all, vampires already get rare skills, and she even has the ultra rare skills limited to the dragon species of all things. Sure is extravagant huh.

On top of the immortal body skill which gives her high defence from the start, she has the dragon scale defence added on top of that. Contrary to her appearance the vampire girl is overly armoured. It’s hardly something I can say of others but, she sure has no intent of dying eh.

Oops. My story wandered. And, during that time the battle between ogre-kun and the Ice Dragon was concluded. It’s ogre-kun’s victory.

Well, the Ice Dragon also did its best. But, on top of bad affinities, against an opponent with Wrath activated it’s just at too big a disadvantage. Besides, at the last moment, I think it made a good decision to use a blizzard as a smokescreen to plan an escape. For a “death before dishonour” Earth Dragon, such feelings may lead it to fight until the bitter end, but there are times when it’s necessary to turn your back to the enemy and flee. It’s good to be alive. If you’re alive then you may still get the chance to get revenge, but dying means losing everything. The Ice Dragon managed to escape from ogre-kun by a hair’s breadth.

I guess ogre-kun lost interest in the Ice Dragon after it fled, as he leaves in another direction. That direction is, bad news. Well, at the time of the battle with the Ice Dragon I had a seriously bad premonition though.

Where ogre-kun is heading to, beyond the Magic Mountains, there lies a peaceful land. Surrounded by mountains and the sea, isolated from the outside world is a strange place. At that place, there are no monsters, no strife, no discrimination, a place where humans and demons both live together in equality.

On this world, it is a unique land. Clearly, it was developed by a certain someone, an artificial paradise. That certain someone is, one of a kind. Kuro, Administrator Gyuriedistodiez. Only that god, could create such a place.

Well, I understand the goal. This is the land where souls recuperate. It shelters souls that became worn out by the System, separated from strife in order to try to prolong their lives. Because if that isn’t done, then eventually those souls will break down.

There are many humans and demons being sheltered. It feels like a single country all by itself. The meaning of that, is that there are in fact just that many humans and demons who have nearly reached their limit. Sooner or later this world will collapse. It’s obviously the case. However, I think there is a bit of a margin still. That is, something I was compelled to review after I found this sheltered land.

Basically, we’re in checkmate. The Demon King probably doesn’t know about this. She thinks that this world will be saved, so long as humans and demons are forced into a huge war, and if the scant amount of MA Energy is replenished. But, it’s not that simple. Already, even if the MA Energy is replenished it won’t be enough. Because the source of the Energy supply is about to start decreasing. Also, if my prediction is correct, then it won’t begin gradually, but all at once. At the time when I realised this it had already become way too late.

Kuro, should already be expecting that to happen to a certain extent. Even so, he took no effective actions. Even if Kuro does have some stupid reason for this place, he’s still conflicted and unable to reach a decision. Well, I do think that Kuro does have various kinds of conflicts, but while he’s been dithering the world is in danger of collapse. If only he’d been able to take brave decisions then we wouldn’t be so close to doomsday I suppose. That fool.

So if ogre-kun arrives at that sheltered land, it’s obvious that a slaughter will begin. Since Wrath has completely wiped out his sense of reason. That’s no longer a reincarnator or any such thing. Simply, an incarnation of Wrath. A single monster. I doubt that Kuro will just let nature take its course.

What to do huh. Well, I’ve already decided what I’m going to do though.

Sure enough, inside the distorted space that I’d spread out, Kuro becomes entangled. Muhaha. It’s rather like the trick of using a spiderweb, these sorts of traps are my speciality you know. And now, it’s a death chute of spider hell with swarms of clones. While I’m at it, I toss in a watch I pilfered from D’s house.

La da dee la da da. It’s the space-time management watch! It’s a D special production watch that manipulates space and time. Single use only. For the other dimension I’ve now locked Kuro into, the flow of time will be far slower than outside. With this, Kuro won’t be able to come out for several years. I’ve borrowed several other useful goods from D’s house, but every single one has some dangerous method in their usage. In D’s particular manner, I think of these as probably intended to be support materials, so I shall gratefully make use of them though. That reminds me, at some point I lost the cursed cards. To think I’d lose that dangerous stuff. Hopefully it’s not being misused somewhere.

Since I’ve successfully sealed up Kuro, now there’s nobody left who can interfere with ogre-kun. Go ahead and slaughter to your heart’s content. That’s also, for the sake of those in the protected area as well.

I’m scared of how Kuro will be when he gets out though. Well, I’ll think about it when the time comes. I’ll have ogre-kun become the scapegoat. At any rate, he’s been swallowed up by Wrath and is no longer fit for purpose.

Translation notes:

The dragon in the title is most likely referring to Kuro.

“As clear as day he hath become berserk” – this is said using archaic Japanese. This is almost certainly a reference to “Berserk”.

I’m using “Magic Mountains” instead of “Magic Mountain” as it’s specifically a mountain range. Literal translation would be something like “mountain-range of evil”.

“Demon’s dance” (鬼神乱舞) – a reference to a dual-wielding attack in Monster Hunter. Literally “Boisterous Dance of the Fierce God”.

“Magic skill” – the difference between “majutsu” (magic skill) and “mahou” (magic) was somewhat explained in the “Teach us D-sensei! Lesson 1” special.

“Death chute” – literally “bosshuuto”, a contraction of “bosshuu” (seizure) and “dasutoshuuto” (dust chute), used as a gimick sometimes on a particular TV program it seems. I think the “La da dee la da da” (literally teetereretteree) comes from that show too. I just made up something here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 237: Here's your daily dose of spider loveliness!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Here’s your daily dose of spider loveliness!

It’s always the same isn’t it – so many channels to choose from and just when you finally find something awesome to watch something else comes up and you can’t fully enjoy it…

237 – Many events makes flag management a pain

S, so hectic! This is because, after I sealed up Kuro, all sorts of situations have been piling up here, there and everywhere. Dealing with those is what’s hectic.

Firstly, ogre-kun has done as I predicted, and has arrived at the protected area after crossing the mountain range. That instant, an insanely strong ojii-sama challenged ogre-kun, and currently that has developed into a life or death struggle. From what I’ve seen, ogre-kun should have vastly higher status values, but the ojii-sama is using preeminent swordsmanship to continuously dodge ogre-kun’s attacks. Oh my, this ojii-sama is dreamy. So dreamy in fact, that I think it’s a bit of a shame that he has to leave the stage in a place like this. However, the wearing away of his soul is in a critical condition. As things stand, with the damage accumulated to the ojii-sama’s soul, it’s at the level where I wonder whether he can reincarnate again. I can’t begin to guess what has happened for it to become so bad. Against ogre-kun he’s fighting bravely, but with a one-sided defensive battle it seems unlikely he can turn the tide. So then, once he has lost to ogre-kun, I shall shelter his soul.

At the elves’ place, there’s been some small developments. A new reincarnator has been brought in and isolated. However, it’s apparent that he is different to the other reincarnators there, as there’s marks of him being trained you see. It’s certain that he’s supported by some patron. Or rather, I’ve seen him somewhere before. Ah yes, at the Divine Word Religion’s place. Which means, that he’s a spy for the Divine Word Religion huh. I guess he has no orders to take action for now, so I don’t need to check his movements. Depending on the situation, I might have to silence the big shot from the Divine Word Religion who sent that reincarnator in. I need to pay careful attention.

Next, developments in the demon territory. It’s starting to become quite lively in developments here too. Firstly, the hoodlum has officially taken command of the 7th army. Going hand in hand with that, the position of the 4th army’s sub-commander that the hoodlum occupied then became open, and Mera was installed. Wow, what a shock. Mera, you sure have gained success in the 4th army, though plainly. Well, he was brought up together with the vampire girl, so I’m sure he’s much stronger than your average demon anyway. So his quick success in life makes sense to me. The Demon King didn’t intervene for Mera it seems, so I’m sure it’s purely down to Mera’s own achievements. I’m genuinely impressed.

Argnar’s situation is the same as always. Sometimes the elves are caught in a trap, and sometimes instead we leak information about inconvenient demons and they’re erased by the elves. Though saying that, perhaps the elves have also slightly suspected the reason for our leaks, and their movements are starting to become passive. If they’re starting to behave themselves then that’d be perfect, but I get the feeling they’re plotting something so we can’t be careless.

I met the other army commanders under the pretext of being an agent of the Demon King. The 2nd army commander, had boobs. I don’t feel like I can beat those heavy weapons. If I hadn’t heard beforehand that she was a succubus, and a woman of peerless beauty, then I might have reflexively wrenched off her bust. That’s how my first impression was, though her words and manner also corresponded to her looks. An erotic bearing and charming words. A devilish woman, basically. Still, even though she might be a succubus, from my point of view I can only see her as another demon. When I investigated it later, there is a legend I found that her ancestor had mixed with a succubus, and now she’s mostly a demon. In my opinion, perhaps over the generations they were made to acquire seduction skills from a young age, or at least they were educated along those lines. In practice, her words and manner certainly do give that impression, but when I tried observing it seemed somehow fishy. Amongst the alluring behaviour, there’s an occasional sense of calculated actions to outwit the opponent from time to time. Even so, I don’t get the sense that she’s assertively doing that with the intention to get the upper hand. Possibly, at heart she might actually be pretty serious and timid person you know. Hmm, what’s with that. I’m being a bit, or rather, very stingy. The only splendid thing about her were those boobs, so I don’t feel the need to be particularly cautious of her. Even for that acting of hers which would crush mine, I think I probably don’t need to worry about it. If she does something suspicious I can just cut her down immediately, but I guess even if I ignored her instead it wouldn’t become a big problem.

The 3rd commander is, umm, outrageous. A pacifist and coward. Yet it seems he’s the commander because his underlings are strong. The commander isn’t too happy with that either, and in practice it’s really the subordinates who are moving the 3rd army. It seems that those subordinates are a bunch of stupidly honest soldiers who were attracted to the commander’s character. Muscle-brains, so to speak. Watching them is just a waste of time.

The 5th army commander is, a samurai? When I said I was an agent of the Demon King, I was treated to the greatest hospitality. I was passionately spoken to with lines like “to be able to meet you is a service itself to her majesty the Demon King”. It didn’t feel like he was lying at all, and he doesn’t seem to be the type who can express himself through force of personality either. Due to his family’s policy, it was predetermined that he would serve the Demon King from a young age, and it seems he gained that personality because of that. On top of that, since the previous Demon King disappeared, he lost the opportunity to serve the Demon King until now, and due to that it seems his zeal is overflowing with unnecessarily pointless enthusiasm. It’s good, I guess…? Yup. Well, if his enthusiasm to be useful to the Demon King is for real then that works too.

The 6th army commander, is a little boy. When I asked, I heard he’d only very recently become the commander. He’s apparently a genius magician. I’m not too sure apart from that. I was only able to get a small amount of time, so I didn’t achieve much more than seeing his face. So far he’s not made any suspicious movements though, so it seems that the monitoring can continue from now on without too much worry.

The 8th and onwards have withdrawn to the back regions of the demon territory and are not coming out, so they’re ignored. Actually, despite their name it seems they’re not really worth being called an army. No more than regional guards. Those that aren’t around aren’t a problem.

Inside the demon territories the biggest problem, is the vampire girl. That girl, is forming a fucking reverse harem. What for? For sucking blood. What the heck. That vampire girl is fucking sucking the blood of her reverse harem members. Well, she’s a vampire so it’s hardly a mistake to do that though you know. But, I didn’t gave out such an order either.

A problem has even occurred in the human territories. At the time when I was finally about to complete my monitoring system in the human territories, I was able to discover sensei. Somehow, it seems she’s going to school. In addition, there’s likely several reincarnators there. I can only see this being trouble.

Translation notes:

The “flag” in the title is specifically in the sense of “death flag” and other such flags.

The succubus “race” seems to be a different race to the demon “race”, rather than a subset.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 238: Academy × 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

238 – Academy × 2

The ojii-sama absolutely gave it his all. Against the overwhelming difference in status, he was able to close the gap with willpower alone. I’d never expected him to hold out that much. To the extent that it’s a bit of a shame for him to be left in a world like this. To the end he always did his best, and was cut down by ogre-kun. I’ll just say that his last moments were beyond splendid.

What’s curious is ogre-kun, as it seems that at the end his sanity instantly recovered. Hrm. It seems that he’s not actually been completely swallowed up by Wrath yet? Maybe even now it’s still possible for him to turn back to how he was. Though saying that, I got no idea how though. It’s possible that Kuro would know, but he’s all sealed up though. Sorry, ogre-kun. There is nothing I can do for you. Good luck.

With such feelings I’m leaving ogre-kun alone for a while. The other problems are at the human academy and at the demon academy.

At the demon academy, I guess you could say that the problem is the vampire girl building a reverse harem, and then sucking their blood. The impression I got, is that when she’s sucking their blood they’re being mesmerized by hypnotism, or something? Somehow the ones who have their blood sucked don’t remember, it seems. Hmm-mm. In that case, well, is there a problem?

The vampire girl is a vampire after all. Being a vampire basically means having to suck blood you know. If anything, until now she’s been sucking too little instead. Apart from what I made her drink she hadn’t ever drunk anything on her own.

Going in hand with her body’s growth, have her instincts as a vampire also blossomed in that respect? For some reason or another, the act of sucking blood has the sense of being erotic, so it seems plausible that around the time of puberty that changes will occur. Well, either way, I guess it’s faster to ask her directly.

「Blood? Yes, I’m sucking it.」

She gives a light reply with a sense of “what of it?”. Ah, somehow I know without even asking. Vampire girl, it’s your debut as a genuine vampire. That’s what that light reply indicates. In short, compared to vampire girl’s human consciousness, her vampire consciousness has become the stronger one.

The soul is pulled by the body. Even with the same soul, if the body changes, and the soul lives for a long time in that body then the soul will be pulled along and also change gradually. Vampire girl used to be human. But, now she’s a vampire. She has her memories of when she was still a human, with such instincts remaining as well, but now she’s living as a vampire. Obviously, her soul will become more vampire than human.

For the vampire girl, her way of thinking as a vampire is already strong. Her resistance to sucking blood has gone away. Think of her sucking the blood of her reverse harem members as being on the level of an afternoon snack. She sure has fallen.

In this, maybe I am also part of the reason why. For the vampire girl to have awoken her vampire consciousness to be this natural, maybe compared to when she was a human there was too big a divergence. From when she was young she has been trained by me, and her soul has been continuously upgraded after all. So, it was just too big a change compared to when she was human and most of her old self is now gone. Hah hah hah.

Well, there’s no harm in it. Since she was actually born as a vampire, she has to live her whole life as a vampire after all. If she had her human consciousness around forever it would just get in the way after all. Compared to the time when I once worried about Mera, having total awareness as a vampire and acting on it is many times better I’d say. Basically, do it even more! So for the vampire girl, all is well.

Sensei on the other hand, seems to be meeting with someone. To sensei’s side is a body that Potimas is operating. It sure seems that that he’s up to something in the country called the Anareich Kingdom. While I don’t know the exact details involved, it’s clearly nothing decent. I gotta strengthen the monitoring. I make my clones secretly pursue after those two. Their destination, is the royal castle of all things. In a room in the royal castle, sensei and Potimas meet with two children.

「When sensei has given a self-introduction I think it’s common courtesy to give your name as well you kno~ow.」

「Excuse me. I am the fourth prince of this country, Shurein Zagan Anareich.」

「I am the eldest daughter of Duke Anabald, Karnatia Seri Anabald.」

Well. These two are ones I’d marked as possibly being reincarnators. Since I had prioritised sensei, I hadn’t looked too deeply into the royal castle, so it feels like things have developed in an unexpected direction in an unexpected place. As for why I’ve not looked too deeply into the royal castle, there’s one other reason.

「I see, I see. A prince and a duchess is i~it. How ni~ice. I’m so in moe~e.」

「It can’t be, Oka-chan!?」

「You mustn’t use -chan on sensei you kno~ow? But you’re ri~ight.」

Confirmed. Ahh, reincarnating as a prince and duchess huh. What’s with you being winners in life from the moment you’re born. What about me who was born as a spider monster in a labyrinth? Discrimination, much?

「So, would you mind telling me your names from your previous lives the~en?」

「Ah, I’m Yamada Shunsuke.」

「I’m Ooshima Kanata.」

Bwha!? Gak, gough! I unconsciously choked.

Whatcha playing at D!!??

Heeeyyy! Ooshima-kun? What’s with the sex change? Umm, well, since he was reborn I guess a change of gender isn’t that strange, but still. But, this, D totally did it on purpose right?

Eeehhh? Sensei, this isn’t the time to be going “I’m so in moe~e”. It’s a big problem. What’re we gonna do about this? Well, there’s nothing that can be done though.

Ah. What type of person was Ooshima-kun again? Hmm-mm. Ah, I remember. There was one time he confessed to me. Well, to be precise it was to Wakaba Hiiro though.

That memory, isn’t a particularly happy memory though. Ooshima-kun, came to confess with the assumption that he’d be completely rejected you know. After being shot down, he easily withdrew saying “I figured as much”. However, perhaps what was unfortunate for Ooshima-kun, was that from this point D kept an eye out on him.

Gender identity disorder, is not quite what it was, but Ooshima-kun wasn’t really interested in the opposite sex. Boys are wild beasts. In comparison, Ooshima-kun had little desire for such things. The full realisation of that, came from observing him after the confession. The way in which he looked at girls was different to the other boys. In addition, I suspect that Ooshima-kun himself was aware, of just how abnormal he was in comparison.

That is why, he confessed to Wakaba Hiiro with the assumption of being rejected. He wanted to establish the fact that he was rejected by a girl. Thus, he chose the one who’d most definitely reject him. If he established the fact that he’d confessed, he would then be able to conceal his abnormality of not being interested in girls. If he’s rejected then there’s no need to go dating either, it’s then convenient instead. It was a hopeless confession from the start, and unsurprisingly he was completed rejected. He created that situation.

It’s sure not that pleasant a feeling. In short, even though he wasn’t in love at all, it’s the case that I was used to be confessed to after all. Even if that wasn’t actually me, I still actually have the memory of that. Did both D and I have the same feelings I wonder? In that case, maybe Ooshima-kun had his gender swapped as a bit of harassment. I’m sure that D, is more than capable of doing that.

Hmm. That being said, it’s certainly the case that D takes a special perspective on things you know. Even if that’s treating someone as a plaything. I wouldn’t be surprised if she had trained that strange skill you know. “Commence strict monitoring of the target”, or something.

And then, there’s one more person I’m worried about. Yamada-kun’s little sister. In this country, originally there were three people who I had marked as possibly being reincarnators. Born at almost the same time, the three people who were called geniuses. Though it’s the case that two of them were actually reincarnators, the last person was excluded by sensei. She’d probably investigated by using the Ruler Authority I’d guess.

Though she’s not a reincarnator, she’s a genius rivalling a reincarnator. I’m worried. I guess I should investigate that little sister a bit.

Translation notes:

It’s a bit hard to describe Oka-chan’s original way of speaking. She often adds a cute emphasis at the end of sentences – so I used drawn out vowels and a ~ character for that. I’m sure most readers here know what “moe” means in this context but Oka-chan uses the verb form (moeru) instead, which I decided to translate as “I’m so in moe”.

The lines spoken by Oka-chan, Shunsuke and Kanata in this chapter are mostly originally from chapter S11, though in that chapter we don’t actually see them give their original names though it obviously happened around then.

Karnatia’s name has previously been written as “Carnatia” but since her nick-name is written as “Katia” and her viewpoint perspective chapters are K1 and K2 I changed the C to a K.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 239: Varied academy life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

239 – Varied academy life

The several reincarnators including sensei began to attend a human academy. What’s surprising, is that in addition to the two reincarnators that sensei met previously, is that there’s two more reincarnators going to the same academy. Natsume-kun and Hasebe-san. With regards to Hasebe-san, it’s rude to say this but she hadn’t left me with much of an impression. It’s not like she faded into the background or something, but she didn’t stand out either. Just, ordinary I guess? That’s the kind of girl I feel she was. Actually, I just don’t remember her. Sorry.

But, the impression of the reincarnated Hasebe-san, is completely different to her previous life and is intense. Firstly, she’s beautiful. In my vague recollection, in her previous life I don’t get the impression that she was particularly beautiful, but instead that with what felt like some remaining childhood immaturity she had a winsome face, but in this life she’s definitely beautiful. She has smooth facial features to the extent that her future prospects shine through even while she’s still a child. Well, saying that it’s pretty common for the reincarnators to be handsome boys or pretty girls though. Maybe it’s a present from D or something. Saying that, it’s her insides that have changed more intensely.

「As the name implies the Divine Words are the Words of God. They are literally a revelation from God! That is why, in order to hear that Voice even slightly more often, we must raise our levels and train our skills! Since if you don’t do that then you obviously cannot hear the Words of God!」

Woah. Nai wa.

Why did this happen? With regards to Hasebe-san, I haven’t understood that organisation yet have I. But it sure seems that the Divine Word Religion has some hidden tricks. For Ogiwara-kun who is also hidden, there’s occasionally some contact so I’m able to grasp his situation though. And the final reincarnator in the hands of the Divine Word Religion is Kusama-kun.

Hmm. I’ve been putting it off until now, but maybe I should get in touch with the Divine Word Religion again or something. There’s a precedent already with someone like Potimas, so depending on the circumstances they may become an annoying enemy. What kind of intention do they have for sheltering the reincarnators I wonder. Because of that, I also wonder what their reason is for intentionally sending that person to the elf village. What are the Divine Word Religion aiming for with their actions I wonder. I need to find out.

However, I wonder if it’s okay in Hasebe-san’s case to leave her alone. It seems this girl, has already gone half crazy. While it could be said that she’s been brainwashed to be convenient to the Divine Word Religion or something, it really seems unlikely that she’s been entrusted with some secret orders or something like that. In what I’ve observed so far she’s not once taken any suspicious actions either. I’ll continue monitoring her, but I don’t need to be that vigilant I guess.

If there’s a problem, then I’d say it’s with Natsume-kun. Unlike Hasebe-san, I have a strong impression remaining of Natsume-kun. In a bad sense. Well, to put it simply he’s the “leader of the pack” type of kid. Even when he became a high school student, he was still always doing stuff like Big G.

In addition, he is someone who attempted to literally crush me.

In my previous memories of when I was a spider, I don’t have the recollection that it was Natsume-kun. I only had awareness to the extent that somebody had been trying to kill me. However, that memory is complimented by the memories of Wakaba Hiiro. She remembers the situation when Natsume-kun was trying to crush a single spider. And also sensei, who stopped him.

Do I bear a grudge against him for that? You bet. You could say that he almost killed me. Although my memories as a spider have been mostly lost, the terror I felt at that time, and the gratitude of when I was saved is something I’ve never forgotten.

Is there some means by which I can harass Natsume-kun I wonder? Killing him would be the quickest and most refreshing way, but if I did that I’m sure sensei would be saddened.

I remember the conversation that sensei had with Ooshima-kun. When sensei was discussing the students who had died, she kept a brave face on. But, I know more. When she is sleeping, there are times when she wakes up while crying. The times when she says “I’m sorry” in a small voice while trembling.

There are four dead students. One of those is doing just fine though, so it’s really three students. I’m fully aware of the harshness of this world. When mere high school students from Japan were reborn as babies in such a world, the victims were limited to just three students. I think it’s likely, that before I was aware of it, that she was continuously crossing a very dangerous bridge, and was continuing to take huge risks. From my perspective I think her achievements are more than good enough. But, sensei does not think so herself. She’s always thinking to herself, about whether she could have saved the three who died.

I’m sure it wasn’t possible though. There’s not all that much that a single individual can achieve. Since even a god is not omnipotent. Thinking that they all could have been saved, is nothing other than unwarranted pride. I think sensei can take pride in what she achieved. But, it’s precisely because she cannot do that, is why sensei is sensei I guess.

Really. Whether it’s sensei, whether it’s the Demon King, whether it’s Kuro, all with this impossible dream that everything can be concluded with a Happy Ending. This can’t end with some grand finale. There’s too many scum in the world for everything to be saved. There’s the likes of Potimas and Natsume-kun, you know.

I’ve kept an eye out on Natsume-kun since an early stage. Having been called a genius since birth, I wondered if he might be a reincarnator. And sure enough he was. At the time when he met up with sensei and the others I already knew that he was actually Natsume-kun though. After all, Natsume-kun hasn’t changed inside since his previous life you know. Actually, he’s gotten worse than before perhaps. Born as a prince of all things, lionised as a genius since birth, having a strong power while actually being a child and all that. Oh yes. He’s gotten conceited. A total braggart. An ego so inflated he might lift off.

To pop that inflated ego is simple enough, but maybe that isn’t my job. While watching him irritates me no end, I probably shouldn’t intervene too much. Since there just happens to be all these reincarnators gathered together in this isolated space called an academy. If I take some imprudent action here and it gets noticed, then Potimas or “him” might possibly intervene. That would be bad. Particularly “him”, Yamada-kun’s elder brother – I want to avoid intervention from the Hero Julius.

Translation notes:

Hasabe’s words in this chapter are new – they’re not quoted from another chapter.

Side chapter K1 is when Oka-chan and Katia discussed the four students thought to be dead.

For those who didn’t click the link, “Big G” is how Takeshi Goda from Doraemon is officially called in the English dubs. In Japanese his nickname is Gian, which is how Shiro refers to him here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 240: The Hero Title
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

240 – The Hero Title

As a matter of fact what’s really troublesome, is that the Hero Julius is the brother of Yamada-kun. When I met him last he was a really tiny kid, but now he’s become all grown up and is quite a handsome man. His facial features don’t really resemble Yamada-kun though. There’s this feeling of mildness and gentleness. It’s kinda like, just by looking at his face you can recognise the aura of a virtuous person being given off. Perhaps this is just my prejudice, but it feels like those who always have a mild smile on their face are generally concealing some ulterior motive, but for the Hero that doesn’t seem to be the case. It feels like my clones are being purified by his smiles alone you know.

He’s a Hero like that, but I don’t really want to get involved with him. When I met him during the war he was still a small child, and with expectations of his future prospects my plan at that point was to let him ripen to harvest later, but between then and now the situation has changed a lot. In the first place, with my apotheosis I have no need for experience points or the like anyway. Experience points? Are those good to eat? Waste of space. So basically, I don’t have any particular need to go out of my way to target him.

At a personal level at least. In short, I don’t give a damn about him. However, if considered at a global level, I wouldn’t say that at all.

Just what is the Hero in the first place eh? The answer is to oppose the Demon King. Apparently, from what I’ve seen in the System upgrade logs, the Hero and Demon King were not included right from the start. In fact, a Demon King sprung forth naturally, a Hero sprung forth to subjugate it, and then when D amused herself by inserting that into the system it became the origin of the Hero and Demon King it seems. In short, the Demon King is actually older than the Hero.

Regarding the Hero, to sum up that role it’s to defeat the Demon King. That’s all. Compared to the Demon King who can engage in all sorts of troublesome activities, the Hero’s reason for being is exceedingly simple. Defeat the Demon King. Conversely you could say that the one who defeats the Demon King is the Hero, or you could also say that the one defeated by the Hero is the Demon King.

It’s in that last bit where the problem lies you see. In the Hero Title there is a secret effect with no explanation. The one with the Hero Title is obviously the Hero, but there’s also a hidden factor included in the Hero that is like a skill. It’s there that D playfully arranged a strange gimmick that can’t be taken lightly.

With the Title of Hero, when someone is defeated they are granted the “Subjugated by the Hero” Title as a hidden effect. Well, “defeated” almost always equals “killed”, so you might say that gaining that is pretty meaningless for someone who has died. However, in the case of undeads or those with the Patience skill or in the case of some sort of miraculous revival, then the significance of this Title appears. The skills granted by this title are, [Demon King LV1] and [Taboo LV1]. Herein lies the problem.

Whether it’s for the Hero or whether it’s for the Demon King, those with either skill are likely to to become the next Title holders. It seems that the Demon King has avoided becoming the Demon King until now by the authority of the Ruler of Gluttony, but if the skill is raised then that alone makes inheriting the title easy. Being subjugated by the Hero, with just that the Demon King’s Title gets one step closer you see.

Well, the Demon King’s throne is already occupied so that’s not the problem. If there’s a problem, it’s with the Title and the System itself.

The thing known as a Title, this frequently produces the particular effect of having skills be acquired at the same time. In addition, two skills are automatically received simultaneously on acquisition. When considered with the effect of the Title itself, it could be said that three skills are received at once. Getting a dangerous skill like Taboo is one part, but the other one obtained as standard is more valuable. It has helped me in all sorts of ways.

However, there is a big trap hidden in Titles. Skills can either be acquired by paying the compensation known as skill points, or as the fruit born due to training. So they consist of proper trade-offs and fair exchange. In comparison, Titles are obtained merely by meeting the conditions. Unlike skills, although there are also Titles that require great efforts to obtain, the majority of Titles don’t have requirements like that. For that “Subjugated by the Hero” Title from earlier, it’s obtainable just with being defeated by the Hero. That’s not remotely like fair exchange, simply an award.

Well then, from where is that awarded? The answer is, the System and the MA Area.

Normally, for the skills gained from a Title, if the person who received them trains even a little bit by the time they die, then the balance becomes net positive overall, okay. Or perhaps, expecting that is why there’s Titles in the System. Like with a loan, when a Title is lent, the accumulated interest is returned on death, as it were. But, in the current situation of desperate times, lending out MA Energy is something that I want to avoid. We’re too hard up.

So, what’s actually troublesome, is the “Subjugated by the Hero” Titles being obtained by those defeated by the Hero. I, have gotten one of those too.

Hey, it’s not anything like I actually wanted to gain this, okay? Or rather, I hadn’t thought I could actually gain it even. After apotheosis I’m totally outside the system anyway. But, I was able to gain it, mysteriously enough.

For the origin, you could think of it being like my fault for clumsily hacking the System. Because of that a strange response occurred, a bit like a bug. When the Hero defeated one of my clones, that Title came along. Of course, the Title couldn’t be sustained as is, so the instant it was received automatically the amount of Energy was reduced. Basically that happens every time a clone is defeated. Umm, yeah. Here I am saying that the amount of Energy is bad, then the next minute I’m pointlessly wasting that Energy. Well, for the current me this was unavoidable. It’s bad that I got it, but I only noticed it after I got it. For now, I’ll start hacking the managed data in that area, as that bug must get fixed.

In addition, the Hero sure is relentless in targeting my clones huh. Is it that? The trauma from the battle back then? He’s got excessively good instincts, so all nearby clones get obliterated. Thanks to that, I haven’t been able to dispatch my clones much around Yamada-kun.

Honestly, I can’t stop this nuisance. But, I can’t resolve it either. And so, though it’s a bad choice, I’ve got no option but to not get involved as much as possible. So vexing.

I’m saved by Yamada-kun and the rest entering the academy. Although it’s not like he’s always moving around from place to place as the Hero, every now and then he returns and whenever that happens my clones are gotten rid of. But, even the Hero can’t meddle at the academy. So now I can do my surveillance in peace, at last.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter com-bday: And the translations start off again.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And the translations start off again.

Today’s chapter is a rare viewpoint and the is a Christmas special. Nearly everything for 2015 has been translated.

The Commander’s Bad Day

Author’s note: From the perspective of 1st Army Commander Argnar

「The movements of the elves are considerably subdued. They are still keeping in touch with me, but that is also becoming reduced. I do not believe that they have become suspicious, but considering the recent unrest here, perhaps they are even considering a full-scale withdrawal from the demon territory.」

In response to my report, the Demon King sitting before me calmly nods her head in acknowledgement. Then, she slowly raises a cup of tea to her mouth. Firstly she enjoys the aroma, then she drinks it. While her expression does not change, she appears to find it satisfactory. In my heart I feel relief at that. It appears that her majesty has uncommon fastidiousness about what she consumes, so if something inferior is served then I do not want to think about what might occur afterwards.

Even now I still do not know, just what kind of person her majesty is. Considering the existence of the real Demon King, this person can only be a self-styled Demon King, yet I am compelled to state that her abilities greatly exceed even the real one.

I used my personal intelligence forces, to attempt to investigate the background of her majesty. But, in the end I could not reach a conclusion. I have been able to determine that she knows the real Demon King somehow or other, and that she appears to be currently staying at a mansion near the Demon King’s castle. In addition that mansion belongs to Balto-dono. Based on the fact that she is lodging at the mansion of Balto-dono who is a close aid of the new Demon King, it is probably no mistake to say that she is connected with the real Demon King.

However, that being the case, when we met for the first time why did she conduct herself as an envoy for a fake Demon King and claim to be the Demon King? I cannot understand. In no way does she appear to be hostile to the real Demon King, but what is the benefit to her in contacting me in secret then? I cannot understand. All I can think of, is that it might involve the elves. Does she have some reason why she does not want the real Demon King to perceive the relationship with the elves? If that is the case, then what to make of it? Can it actually be, something that could become a weakness to use against her? That’s the question.

No. Even if that is a weakness to her, I cannot make use of it. There is too great a gap in strength. No matter how much I try to scheme, this person can simply force me to yield. Also, if I attempt that I am sure that she will not hesitate to respond. From her attitude I fully realise that to her I am nothing more than a tool to be used.

「Don’t think anything strange, okay?」

When was it again that I was told that? Those words that comprehend that I have not sworn an oath of allegiance from the bottom of my heart. Also, following those words, she continued by muttering “Since it’s annoying”. No matter what I try to do, it can only be to the level of “annoying”. All my power as a leader amongst the demons, only amounts to that. This goes beyond the realm indignation and into farce. Even I am just a tool?

I am forced to realise, that nothing can be done. There is nothing that I can do. Everything that I have built up to now, can be brought down in an instant. There is nothing I can do to stop it.

I am sure that this person is going to bring about upheaval to the world. Something that will even overshadow the unprecedented war that the real Demon King is attempting to formulate. Whatever that might be, I have not the slightest idea.

Until now, in order to protect the worn down demons, I have been making efforts in order to try to avoid war. When the previous Demon King vanished, I thought there was a rare chance. The absence of the Hero and the absence of the Demon King. A golden opportunity such as this almost never presents itself. The demons at that time were in no state to go to war. That could also be said of the humans as well. If instead, had both the Demon King and Hero both been well and had the pair of them clashed, it is possible that the demons and humans would have destroyed each other.

I took efforts in order to reorganise the tattered demons. To that end, I even borrowed resources from the disgusting elves. They cannot generally be trusted, but amongst them there are those that truly desire for world peace. I had no alternative but to try something. It wasn’t the time to care about outward appearances.

And then, just when the recovery had finally begun to take hold, a new Demon King appeared. That Demon King’s objective, was to make demons and humans fight each other. The preparations for that have been advancing steadily. If she had been an average Demon King I would have have attempted to topple her in secret, whether or not such force would have stopped her, but instead the new Demon King is a monster known as the oldest Divine Beast. There is no way to win.

And then, there is the one who surpasses even that. Her majesty. With regards to the war that the real Demon King is attempting to wage, her majesty has also affirmed her consent. There is nothing I can do to attempt to avoid this war. Nothing at all. Before the war even begins I have lost.

To what end have all my efforts been for until now? If war breaks out, everything I have built up with come crashing down. I am sure the demons will be driven into a corner again. Or perhaps, my real fight will begin once the war ends. That much is true. So long as I still breathe, I cannot allow the demons to be exterminated.

I heard the sound of a container breaking.

I turn my eyes towards the Demon King, and the cup in her hands has been crushed. While her eyes open.

「Is something the matter?」

Have I committed some error? Thinking so, I ask while concealing the impatience in my heart.

The pupils in the Demon King’s eyes, are restlessly moving about. One of them looks at me. With just that, I feel a pressure that seems like it could crush my heart.

「There is an urgent matter.」

Shortly after saying that, the Demon King teleports. That moment, the sweat that I had been suppressing gushes out like a waterfall. What has happened? Has something occurred that would fluster even her majesty?

Immediately I summon my men, ordering them to strengthen the surrounding patrols. Afterwards, I order intelligence gathering. However, there is no abnormality nearby, nor is there any intelligence on any emergency that could seemingly fluster her majesty in the end.

Translation notes:

Argnar tends to refer to Shiro using the term “o-kata” which is a somewhat archaic and also very polite way to refer to someone. I’ve translated this as “her majesty” etc though it’s not strictly accurate.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ss-christmas: SS Christmas
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SS Christmas

Authors note: This is a side story unrelated to the main story

Teleportation completed. I arrive at the Wakaba residence on Earth for the first time in a while. I boot up the PC and confirm the date. All according to plan, it’s the 24th December – Christmas Eve.

I then start the game. I log in as bald dude for the first time in a while and savor the nostalgia. Though actually, it’s just a long time in my mind, in reality it’s the first time as me you know.

I’ve come today in order to participate in the special Christmas events in the game. I had determined that I wasn’t going to come but suddenly I find myself here. Somehow I feel that I have to participate in the events though I don’t know why. It really should be D that’s doing this, but she’s not here.

……I surely hope not, but I’m not being manipulated by her am I? Like making me do it because she can’t come herself, or something. Surely not. Whatever the circumstances she can’t go that far I’m sure. She can’t, right?

Well, whatever. If that is the case, there’s no particular harm in this. I’m just playing a game, nothing more. If she actually did do something I’d be somewhat, no, rather annoyed though.

Yeah. Let’s not think about it. Let’s just enjoy the game to the max.

Yahoo! Bald dude is as dreamy as ever! Austere, strong and cool!

Enthusiastically I complete the subjugation of the event’s boss monster solo. Ahhh. This boss’s difficulty was to the level where a raid party would presumably be required. Without realising it, at some point I used thought acceleration or something and attacked at full power. There wasn’t a time limit so I won, but it took a long time to defeat it. Incidentally, in this game, parties are all managed separately in the boss room, so it’s not like I had the boss to myself for extended periods.

I glance up at the clock. Gack. The date has changed. Merry Christmas.

Hmm. While I’m here let’s go buy some chicken and cake. I have money. It’s really D’s though, but it’s fine if I use it. I help myself to her clothes too. Our sizes should be the same after all.

So basically, I go to the convenience store and stuff my face with the chicken I bought. I have to keep my eyes closed so I got some puzzled looks from the staff, but other than that I have no problems with the purchase.

However, there sure are many people about. Because it’s Christmas? There’s Christmas parties and get-togethers all over the place I guess.

Death to Normies.

Somehow I felt that I had to say that. Well, it’s not like I really care though. I’m not interested in love etc. In the first place, there’s not much point for a god to have children either. I’m practically immortal with eternal youth so why have kids huh.

Ah, but Kuro fell in love even though he’s a god, so it’s not like it’s impossible I guess. Love, huh. I just don’t get it. Lazing around by myself like this while living idly is enough happiness for me though. What’s this called again? Unpopular girl?

Translation notes:

Bald dude – “hage oyaji”. It might actually be the character’s name in the game.

The Japanese for “death to normies” is “リア’

氏ね” – “riajuu shine”. A “riajuu” is sort of the opposite of an otaku – a person fulfilled in real life.

The Japanese for “unpopular girl” is “喪女” (mojo), a term perhaps most famously associated with Tomoko Kuroki from WataMote.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 241
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With this release, now everything originally released up to the end of 2015 has been translated. Though I’ve only contributed a tiny amount of that.

So with that it’s back to the main story. And cliff-hangers.

241 – The clown on stage

I’m listening to Argnar’s report. It regards the investigation on the movements of the elves that I entrusted to him. In practice however, my focus is on another matter.

At the human academy, an excursion is being carried out. It might nominally be called an extracurricular hunt, but from my point of view I can only see it as an excursion with guaranteed safety. Normally this should be a worthless event and there wouldn’t be anything for me to worry about.

However, I have gathered plenty of clones at the small mountain where the extracurricular activities will take place. The reason, is Natsume-kun. That guy seems to be up to something.

Natsume-kun burns with a considerably strong antagonism towards Yamada-kun, something I know all too well from my monitoring. From my monitoring to date, I’ve seen that Natsume-kun has been given considerably favourable treatment due to the status and abilities he got from reincarnation, and has all the indications of having become carried away. But, then appears Yamada-kun.

Basically, Yamada-kun is a cheat existence above Natsume-kun. He has almost equal strength to Natsume-kun, is living diligently and on top of that has a kind and modest nature. In addition, he’s the Hero’s younger brother. Since he’s all that at level 1, his future is promising. Currently they’re equal, but it’s obvious that sooner or later Yamada-kun will leave Natsume-kun behind.

I think Natsume-kun has noticed that as well. That’s why he’s hostile towards Yamada-kun, going so far as to take the extreme course of trying to eliminate him. Until now, everything he needed to go his way has done so. Having been able to get away with anything, Natsume-kun’s groundless prejudices have given rise to violence.

There are assassins lurking on the mountain. There are not many. If I decided to get rid of them it would be easy enough to do so. This time I’ve prepared not just the normal monitoring clones, but also the fully battle orientated clones. However, it wouldn’t be a good idea for me to take action. It’d be for the best if the people themselves can settle the matter.

If there’s a problem, then it’s the monster that the assassins have brought with them I guess. I don’t know how they were able to tame such a thing, but the assassins are accompanied by a single monster.

An Earth Drake.

From what I’ve seen, it’s not risen to a full dragon. But, it’s close, a considerably superior Earth Drake. If I could appraise it I would be able to know the details, but right now I can only roughly estimate its strength. It’s likely that it’s about equal to the Fire Drake that I once fought against in the middle layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Seriously, how were they able to bring it? The Earth Drake is submissively sitting in a cage. However, if it wanted to, it should be strong enough to easily destroy that cage.

Hmm? Some kind of special circumstances perhaps?

Well, whatever. If that Earth Dragon stands in sensei’s way, then I will show no mercy. That’s all.

Then, while I’ve been pondering the situation has changed. Aiming right for the moment when Yamada-kun is alone, Natsume-kun comes swooping down.

Er, what? What’s with that haphazardly sloppy attack? Couldn’t you do something more suitable eh? Instead he actually declares that “This is my world”, all proud. Lost your head much? Ah, no, I’m not questioning it, I’m declaring it. This guy has lost his head.

Ah. Originally his personality was like that, but since he practically had a cheat-like birth as a prince, he’s made a huge misunderstanding in the end and lost the plot. I had this feeling while monitoring him, but he’s lost his head to a completely hopeless extent.

On top of that, he’s weak. He’s singing his own praises like he’s the strongest around or something, but he’s nothing like that strong you know. In that regard, the hero-kun was stronger when I first met him.

Well, I guess if you consider his age then maybe he’s adequately strong, but he has no hope of beating our vampire girl, with just that. Yamada-kun should only be level 1, but he’s still able to fight pretty equally.

The assassins, on the other hand. Yup. Sensei has magnificently turned the tables on them by now. Sensei is strong. Perhaps she could defeat an eel by herself?

The assassins attempted to release the Earth Drake in desperation, but I stealthily prevented that. Even for sensei an Earth Drake would be too much of an opponent. If it comes down to it I can simply intervene myself, but I want to limit myself to stealthily supporting her as much as possible.

Sensei’s magic smacks into Natsume-kun. Natsume-kun goes flying. Undaunted he attempts to fight against sensei, but again he is knocked to the ground with magic. Yup. Kid, you ain’t gonna beat sensei. Her strength and experience are in another league. She doesn’t have experience of war in the demon territory for nothing.

Sensei has been up to various secret maneuvering in the demon territory. Her actions have been dodgy dealings to attempt to stop the demons from going to war. Sometimes contacting demons to persuade them to avoid war, sometimes physical sabotage, all designed to postpone the war preparation of the demons.

That’s all for the sake of vampire girl who is on the demons’ side, to prevent her from being dragged into war, I’d bet. For some reason, she believes that the vampire girl will die if war takes place. I don’t understand why, but sensei is convinced of that. It’s a mystery as to what her conviction and actions are based on, but what’s important is that sensei believes it to be true. Without that, I’m sure she wouldn’t be taking such absurd actions in order to prevent war, just to save a single student. Well, she may also be thinking that students other than the vampire girl could become involved if war occurs though.

For sensei who has been continuously fighting from the shadows like that, there’s no way she’d lose to some child living a life of luxury. Sensei has even been able to trouble me somewhat you know. It’s been hard work to keep sensei safe. By manipulating intelligence through Argnar, slowly but surely I’ve been cornering her. To make sure that she almost can’t take any action in the demon territory, eventually I started spreading around disinformation about unrest occurring in Yamada-kun’s country to force her to focus there, and in the end I was finally able to make her go there. It took a long time. Though it was outside my expectations that she’d come with that Po-bastard though. On top of that it was outside my expectations that she’d actually make a big gathering of reincarnators at the academy though. It was also outside my expectations that every one of those damn reincarnators would be problem children though. Heh, it’s not like that’s troubling me. It’s not, okay!

Besides, it’s time for one of those problem children to fade to black, as it were. Knowing sensei, I doubt she’ll kill him though. But, she should respond appropriately in her own way. No matter how much she dotes on her students, she shouldn’t be able to tolerate the mess that Natsume-kun has made this time.

Now then, what will sensei do I wonder? Rip off an arm or two?

……Huh? What the heck are you doing? Ruler authority? Uh!?

The cup in my hands is smashed. The contents spill over my body, but I don’t give a damn about that.

「There is an urgent matter.」

I say no more than that to Argnar and teleport. I think I did well with that simple refusal. I was too flustered to begrudge more than that. This is way out of the league of my clones. Without the abilities of my main body, this is impossible to deal with.

Thus, I arrive at the destination I teleported to. The lowest layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. Specifically, to the furthest depths where the Goddess is sealed away.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 242: The Devotion of the Fool
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

242 – The Devotion of the Fool

The location I have teleported to, is a huge room. The floor is entirely covered with a faint glitter, extending so far out as to cause an optical illusion that the horizon and sky can’t be distinguished. Inside this room that appears to extend infinitely, there is an enormous magic circle filling it that looks like a geometric pattern. And then, nesting amongst that magic circle like threads of a web, are countless small spiders. My clones.

The clones here are hacking the System. Here, in the heart of this world, serving as the management region of the System’s nexus, is the place where the Goddess is sealed away.

At the center of the magic circle, there she is, the Goddess. With half her body missing, the Goddess appears to have merged half-way into the floor of the room. As if chanting a curse, an incessant System message is being recited from her mouth.

『Proficiency requirements met』

『Proficiency requirements met』

『Proficiency requirements met』

………。

She only has one mouth, so that voice is heard overlapping repeatedly. Before my apotheosis, I had heard that voice ad nauseam. I had provisionally called it the “Voice of Heaven”. Since it’s actually the case that it’s the voice of the Goddess, I wasn’t exactly wrong was I.

I approach the Goddess who is continuing to read out the messages with a vacant expression. Then, with my hand shaped like a blade I thrust it into the top remaining half of her body.

『！』

The Goddess has a look of anguish on her face. However, I disregard that and move the hand I had thrust in, penetrating the Goddess’s body.

『Error. Unexpected access from outside identified. Proceeding to eliminate. 』

The look of anguish disappeared from the Goddess’s expression, and simultaneously pain spreads through my hand. I ignore it. I pay no attention to the pain, carrying on to begin the hacking.

Minute spasms spread across the Goddess’s body. The Goddess manages the System’s nexus that has taken root in this world. I am directly interfering there, to temporarily intervene with the System.

What I’m intervening with is the effects of the Ruler skill that is about to be activated. Both the activator, and also the target of that skill. For both of them, I start interfering with the root cause known as the System.

The activator it goes without saying, is sensei. The target individual is, Natsume-kun. The skill’s effect is to offer up almost all of the soul’s power to the system, including skills, status values, skill points and so on. However, that effect was not originally something that could be used on others. Sensei is, forcibly changing that to exercise it on others.

When such an absurd thing is done, there is a heavy burden on the skill user. In the first place, to activate this skill is basically almost equivalent to suicide.

Via the system I inhibit the operation of the skill. Natsume-kun’s skills have gone, and his status values have gone down drastically. I don’t give a damn about that. The problem, is on sensei’s side. By forcibly activating the skill, sensei’s own skills are disappearing as a side effect. If that was all then no big deal, but because sensei is protecting Natsume-kun’s soul, sensei’s own soul is now on the brink of collapse.

I ain’t grumbling about something minor here. I somehow reconnect sensei’s collapsing soul, and start to regenerate it. I somehow manage to prevent the collapse. All the same, it’s not like there’s zero damage though.

I breathe again, and pull my hand out from the Goddess’s body. The wound on the Goddess vanishes in an instant, and she begins to mutter the System messages again as if nothing had happened.

Seriously. What a crazy thing to do. If she was unlucky, or rather, if I hadn’t intervened then sensei’s soul would have collapsed and she’d have died. In addition, for the soul to collapse, means that even reincarnation is not possible. Complete death. Really, that was absurd.

Through my clones I check on sensei and the others. Having his skills erased, Natsume-kun is thrown into confusion. Unable to comprehend the situation, Yamada-kun is in a daze. And finally, putting on a brave face with all her might while totally worn out, is sensei who is instructing Natsume-kun.

「This world does not belong to you. I advise you to reflect on this time and to live like a normal person from now on. Because even if you merely gain skills and become stronger, nothing good will come of it…」

Hm? She’s against gaining skills? Why? I don’t understand her doubts, nor her solution. It’s like the feeling of a small bone being stuck in your throat, my mood can’t relax at all. Well, whatever.

Sensei, either way, your actions this time will be in vain. Even if you steal Natsume-kun’s skills, in the end he still won’t change. Natsume-kun isn’t likely to reflect on his actions at all, and furthermore your skill isn’t perfect either. Even if you erase his skills, because you used it for a different purpose than originally intended, the end result is incomplete. In the case of Natsume-kun’s erased skills, for the part of the soul’s power used for those skills, half of that is still remaining in Natsume-kun.

A skill – that is something that shaped the power of the soul into a form that makes it easy to use in practice. As such, the power of the soul that is currently unused is customised by the power of the System into an easily accessible form. In short, so long as the power of the soul remains, it means that it is still possible to acquire another skill. For something easy to understand like skill points, it basically means putting on display the excess amount that can be used.

Natsume-kun has certainly lost his skills. However, he still possesses half the remaining energy from them. Then, it is apparent that his state will change back to how it was. All sensei has done, is to just briefly stop him in his tracks and nothing more. For the crazed Natsume-kun, I don’t think that is going to even stop him at all, let alone something improbable like him reforming himself. Humans, are not such noble creatures.

I look at the Goddess. Sensei for one, the Goddess for another, I wonder why they are trying to devote their lives to such pointless things? Scum will be scum. No matter how far you go they won’t be saved. Why don’t they get that? Also, why are they able to sacrifice themselves in order to try to save that lot? It’s incomprehensible.

Ah, I’m annoyed. What do they think of their own lives? Isn’t desperately struggling to stay alive what living creatures are supposed to be about? But they are doing nothing but going out of their way to waste their own lives. What makes me even angrier is that everyone I approve of does such things.

This is why everything is getting ruined. The Goddess’s devotion, Kuro’s anguish, the Demon King’s determination and sensei’s charity. All of that lumped together just brings ruin. What of the world? I don’t care. If it’s going to be destroyed then go be destroyed already. Rather than everyone I would rather save only those I approve of.

What sensei had activated, was the presentation skill. The result is, as the name suggests. To present the power of the soul that is comprised of one’s own skills to the world. Sensei forcibly made Natsume-kun present his skills and status. The end result, felt like it became half a success and half a failure though.

Skills are formed from the power of the soul. So then, what happens when the power of the soul is suddenly lost? Well, when the power that comprises the soul is abruptly lost, the soul obviously collapses. Sensei sacrificed her own soul, so that she could hold together Natsume-kun’s soul which would otherwise have collapsed. Then for sensei’s soul, it was me who held hers together. Because of that, even I’ve taken some damage you know.

Sigh. To prepare for conflict against Kuro, I had wanted to avoid wasting energy as much as possible too. Well, this time it couldn’t be avoided. However, I cannot allow sensei to take the same measures again. For me as a god it was merely concluded with the sense of having uselessly wasted a bit of energy, but in sensei’s case, her soul has taken an enormous amount of damage. If she does the same thing one more time, I don’t have any confidence that I can prevent a collapse again.

I have to control Natsume-kun’s activities as well. If I continue to just let him do as he pleases, I’m sure that nothing good will come of it.

Okay. I’ve decided. Originally I had intended to simply observe, but now I’m going to intervene with all my might.

Translation notes:

“Presentation” is a skill that comes with the Ruler of Charity title – see chapter 163. It’s “presentation” as in “to present something to someone”.

Oka-chan’s words to Natsume in this chapter were all from S15.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 243: Guys with a screw loose are such…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

243 – Guys with a screw loose are such…

Sensei, Yamada-kun and the rest have returned back to the academy. Natsume-kun is seized, and the assassins have been arrested by the other teachers who came rushing. I had appeared before them and used my Evil Eye to weaken them, so the teachers caught them easily. Also, although it had worried me the Earth Drake didn’t rampage in the end, and was retrieved in its cage to the teachers’ camp. It seemed quite nervous though. I wonder what’s with that Earth Drake.

Finally, Natsume-kun has been confined to his own room. Even though he had caused a problem, Natsume-kun is still the prince of a foreign country. It’s not like they can just punish him. Well, it’s not like that they absolutely cannot punish him either though. Before long, he will definitely be punished. Before that, I gotta do something.

I teleport to Natsume-kun’s place.

「Shit! Don’t think it’s over yet! This world is mine! Me, me only, the world exists for me only! I’ll never accept an ending like this! Never! Until everything is in my hands, it’s not gonna end! That elf bitch! I’ll definitely get revenge! No mercy, absolutely no mercy! Someday I’ll steal everything she has! Just like how she stole from me! Just you wait! Everything that she cares about, I’m gonna demolish it all! On top of that I’m gonna rape that fucking bitch senseless while laughing at her crying face! Just you wait! I’m gonna take back this world!」

Woah. Mind if I leave? What, is, going, on? He’s completely lost it, yup. Somehow, I feel like I want to return while pretending that I’ve not seen anything. At this rate, he seems motivated enough to acquire the Seven Deadly Sins skills without me doing anything ya know.

Ugh. I guess I can’t just do that either. If I neglect this it could become risky. Umm, maybe instead of something risky, something risqué?

Okay. That’s enough escaping from reality.

I mean, I’m right beside him and he’s not even noticing me. It’s like he can’t even see various things around him any more huh. Well, that’s handy for me though.

Slowly slowly I bind him with threads. Then I force him to turn around to face me and, bingo, activate Evil Eyes. Steal his consciousness.

The next thing I do is bring out a tiny clone, the size of a fingertip. This, I grind into Natsume-kun’s earhole. Natsume-kun’s body twitches in convulsions but I ignore it. He’s fine, he’s fine. He’s not going to die. I’m merely installing something that works a bit like a radio antenna okay. If he can obey the radio waves it’ll be wonderful. A degenerate life awaits. Done!

I confirm that the clone has properly reached his brain, then heal up Natsume-kun’s ear. Well, I had to punch through various bits of his ear to reach the brain you know. To actually go out of my way to heal him up, I’m so nice.

Now then, with this Natsume-kun has basically become my puppet. It’s not like I can’t dominate him completely, but in that case the development of his soul will slow. Instead, it would be better to limit myself to just guiding his thoughts somewhat. Though in an emergency I won’t restrict myself that much. Oops, I should erase his memory of me as well. Click, clack, done.

For the duration of his confinement I’ll push him towards acquiring skills. At this rate, Greed seems gettable. If all goes well then Lust too. Then I’m as good as done. Before the Ruler authority is properly established, it is possible for me to intercept and usurp it. What I’ve been able to take command of so far are Pride, Sloth and Patience – the Ruler skills I originally held, and then, Envy that the vampire girl has acquired and Wrath that ogre-kun has acquired.

Conversely, what’s been taken command of by others are Temperance, Diligence, Charity and also Gluttony. I originally held Charity, but before I could interfere with the Ruler authority the next owner was quickly decided unfortunately, and to make matters worse I’m currently unable to interfere because the Ruler authority has already been established. That next owner is sensei. The situation has turned into a real pain in the ass.

The ones yet untouched are Greed and Lust and then Humility, Kindness and Chastity huh. I’ll have Natsume-kun work on Greed and Lust. Then I can throw him away. The problem is Humility, Kindness and Chastity I guess. It would be best if someone would pick them up, but there’s no point if they get picked up and the Ruler authority is established. It’s fine if it happens to someone like me in the old days who doesn’t know how to establish the authority, but it would definitely be annoying if the acquirer is someone among the elves.

The safest scenario is if someone in my grasp acquires them though. For the vampire girl, there’s no way she has the spirit of Humility in her. Kindness is a big no. For Chastity she’s sort of on the right lines, but recently she’s started having men waiting on her so it feels impossible. For Argnar, it’s hard to say if he’s really in my grasp for a start, and even though he’s lived a long life he’s not really gotten that far either I guess. Even if I tell him to get a skill isn’t it a bit too late? If only some highly talented kid who might comply with the requirements would fall into my hands…

I sense the activation of magical power. It seems that the ones guarding the room have fainted. The door is opened slowly and cautiously.

The one who enters is a lone girl. A girl who looks a little bit like Yamada-kun. Well, I guess so. Even if it’s just half, she’s still related by blood after all.

Her name, was Sue or something? Judging by her dangerous intent, she’s come to assassinate Natsume-kun or similar I guess? This girl sure has quite a far out brother complex huh. Well, considering her target is someone who actually tried to kill her brother Yamada-kun, I guess she wouldn’t just leave him alone.

Here we go. A highly talented girl who seems capable of getting a Ruler skill.

「Who are you?」

Imouto-chan turns towards me with a cautious look. Well then. How shall I prevail upon her?

Translation notes:

“Maybe instead of something risky, something risqué?” – the original is a pun in Japanese too. A literal translation would be more like “Maybe instead of something serious, something erotic?”.

Shiro consistently refers to Sue as “imouto-chan” (kid sister) so I’ve left it as is.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 244: This yandere imouto is so in love I can't get through to her
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

244 – This yandere imouto is so in love I can’t get through to her

Hmm. Though I want to prevail upon her, with my non-existent communications skills, will I really be able to have a proper conversation with imouto-chan here? I’ve basically got no confidence, okay?

Besides, for imouto-chan here, from what I’ve seen through my monitoring, her communication skills are also weak, though not as much as mine. Basically, she’s a yandere with a brother complex. So isn’t it a high degree of difficulty even for normal people to be able to communicate with her? So what about me then? Seems impossible right?

Thus, my deliberations last one hundredth of a second. Imouto-chan takes the initiative. Draw! Activate magic card! … I just wanted to try saying it, okay.

Imouto-chan has activated her magic. Hmm? This is poison magic huh. Also, isn’t this quite high level? She’s totally intending to kill, right? A poison mist fills the room. Well, that level of magic isn’t going to have any affect on me though.

「Whe-e-eze!」

Ah, crap. Natsume-kun is making a breathing sound that you wouldn’t normally hear. He’s gonna die, he’s gonna die. I plan to use him then throw away eventually, but it’ll be annoying if I let him die now.

I interfere with the magic construction, it then disintegrates. Poison magic is a completely original magic skill sourced from the System, but it’s still possible for me to make it disintegrate at least. I can’t use it myself though. To not be able to use something I could use before, is quite a strange feeling. I guess I’d gotten rather attached to it huh.

「Wheeze, wheeze!」

Hey, he’s gonna die, he’s gonna die. Like a carp dying out of water Natsume-kun’s mouth is flapping open and closed, so I perform healing.

While I’m doing that imouto-chan thrusts a short sword at me with one hand.

Scarey-y. This girl’s killing intent is so huge it’s crazy-y. Well, that blade isn’t going to reach me though.

「Eh!?」

Imouto-chan comes to an unnatural seeming stop. Hello, welcome to the spider’s web. Imouto-chan has gotten trapped in the spider threads spread out right in front of me, which is why she’s currently unable to move at all. Capture complete.

Or so I thought but this girl is surprisingly capable. It seems like the instant she realised that her body wouldn’t move anymore, she had already determined that she was being restrained by threads so fine that they couldn’t be seen. A chill radiates from imouto-chan’s body. Oh you can use cold magic as well huh. I guess her scheme is to freeze my threads, so that she can then break them and undo the constraint.

Too bad. Before my apotheosis that might have been possible, but now there’s nobody in this world except Kuro who could do something about my threads. Right now, even Kuro is partly sealed away in another dimension. Thus, there is nobody who can break out from my threads. It’s true enough that before my apotheosis that my threads were weak to water though.

Muhaha. Do not think of my current threads as merely being threads. Me = threads + poison, basically, so threads are an important part of my identity. Of course I would not neglect to improve my threads. My current threads already half exceeded the laws of physics, as the threads themselves are half changed into a different dimension, having become a curiosity that is half material and half empty space. I’m sure you don’t really understand from just hearing that, but the point is that it’s as if the structure of the threads are formulated at a microscopic scale. If you try to destroy these threads with the power of simple physical or magic skills it’s impossible, unless you have the power to destroy space itself. While it is theoretically possible to destroy them with pure brute force, it’d be impossible without the physical strength of someone of the Super Vegetable-World class.

The temperature of the room is currently falling steadily, but even now there’s no ice forming on my threads. Judging that it’s impossible to freeze my threads as things are, imouto-chan changes her target to me. A small spear of ice forms right in front of imouto-chan, then it’s fired.

Incidentally, imouto-chan and I are positioned about one meter apart so it’s pretty much point-blank range. Normally, if magic was fired off at this range it’d be unavoidable. Normally, that is.

「Wha!?」

Imouto-chan is shocked. All I did was, simply to open my eyes. With just that, the spear of ice that was flying towards me at high speed was helplessly smashed.

I wonder if I’ve overdone things with my Evil Eyes. As the end result of continuously improving my clones to make them more powerful, this has meant they’ve become stuffed full of various functions. One of those, is the automatic interception of any attacks within my field of vision. The practical application of my Attract-Repulse Evil Eyes that I had installed, applies to attacks within my field of vision without concern to my will, which are automatically repulsed and eliminated. In addition, with Fluoroscopy my “field of vision” has no blind spots. In short, no matter where it comes from it can be intercepted. With these, should the day come that friendly fire is judged as hostile, then some terrible injury will likely occur. For example, if the Demon King comes at me with a playful strike she’d be blown away. Well, since the function is intentionally disabled when my eyes are closed it should be fine.

「Eek!?」

Oops. Ability number 2, evocation of terror also overdid its job huh. Whoopsy daisy. With her brief lifetime experience, the impact of my eyes is too strong for imouto-chan. Even an elite demon such as Argnar succumbed to terror from them. It’s too harsh on a child.

Oh dear. You’ve done it now. Well, this room is Natsume-kun’s though, so Natsume-kun will be cleaning it up, so whatever. I did the same for the vampire girl back then, so I shall kindly pretend to have not seen it. Indeed, let’s do that.

Ah, Natsume-kun, you still alive? Not frozen to death? To the body lying down near my feet, I administer a light kick. That more or less sounded like a groan so he’s alive. Yup, he won’t die easily.

Imouto-chan is bound by the threads so can barely move, and is lightly shaking her head from side to side as if in fear. Ah, isn’t this going to engrave a deep trauma into her? Well, never mind. Rather than simply explaining, it’s simpler if terror makes her do what I ask. Particularly for this girl who attacks first and asks questions later.

Seriously, what is with this girl? She suddenly just tried to kill me. Is it that? Because I protected Natsume-kun, her target? It’s not like I wanted to you know.

Yamada-kun, your imouto-chan is far more extreme and dangerous than you realise. Be careful you don’t get stabbed in future okay? I’m actually pretty serious here.

Translation notes:

“Draw! Activate magic card!” – a Yu-Gi-Oh reference.

For “Super Vegetable-World” read “super saiyan” (or super saiya-jin) as the reference. Yep.

“Fluoroscopy” (透視) hasn’t been translated very consistently but it first appeared in chapter 124 and perhaps most obviously in chapter 202 when Shiro decided to keep her god eyes closed by default.

“Playful strike” – literally “skinship attack”, ie rough-and-tumble type playful fighting.

“I did the same for the vampire girl back then” – a reference to chapter 208 when baby Sophia wet herself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 245: Let's start with “seiza”
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

245 – Let’s start with “seiza”

Oblivious children get the seiza. This is common sense for all Japanese. Eh? I’m wrong? I don’t accept that objection. Incidentally I’ve just realised the fact that since I’ve been born I’ve never done the seiza like this. The next time I teleport to Japan, I’ll try drinking tea while sitting in the seiza. Ahh, subdued refinement.

So in short, imouto-chan is currently sitting in the seiza. Her hands are tied behind her back with threads and her legs are also tied, so she’s forcibly being made to sit in the seiza, and on her legs a suitable stone has been placed. This is it! PUNISHMENT!

Imouto-chan seems about to cry, or rather she is crying already. Well, she is actually royalty after all, so she’s probably not experienced something like this before. Her – first – stone. Her legs are shivering nicely now, so let’s try poking them a little.

Twitch, twitch!

Damn, this is such fun. Is this a new type of toy? Poke her and she gasps, a life-size imouto figurine. Her value is priceless. Damn, I’ll be inundated with buyers.

Currently, we are in another dimension that I’ve constructed. No matter how noisy it gets nobody will be coming. If it was Natsume-kun’s room, it seems likely that someone would hear the noise eventually and investigate. Here we can have a nice long “talk” you see.

While it’s not as much as in the other dimension Kuro is sealed in, the flow of time is different to the real world here. Since it did take me half a day to explain things to Argnar, I can’t take my poor communication skills lightly. This will definitely take time. So for that reason, I am now performing the greatest degree of time manipulation that I can. This is the opposite of Urashima Tarou. Now then, imouto-chan, go ahead and enjoy the numbness in your legs as much as you want! Ah, not that. That wasn’t my goal.

「Sniffle! Uhh, who, sniff, are you?」

While weeping, while groaning, imouto-chan asks me. I’m a spider, so what? Yeah. I guess she’s not asking about that sort of thing. Hmm. How to reply?

「Evil God.」

Before thee stands the Evil God. I’m not necessarily incorrect okay, and I’m not lying either. Even if I say so myself, what I’m doing is right up there with the Evil God, basically. A god who intends to destroy the world, humans call that an Evil God! Calling myself with the same title as that D is seriously unpleasant though.

It might have been better to call myself the “Demon King”, but if that leaks somehow and I draw the attention of that brother of hers then it would be annoying. I don’t mean her brother Yamada-kun. I mean the current Hero. It’d be simple enough to kill him, but if I kill him now things will be awkward in various ways. If I don’t proceed carefully with this matter, there is even the possibility that my project will collapse at the foundations. This is purely a talk about possibilities though, since the actual probability is low. Still, so long as the chance is not zero, it’s better not to tread on thin ice. You can’t be too cautious when on ice. So let’s try to avoid stepping on it in the first place.

「The Evil God!」

Imouto-chan gulps in understanding. Ah, that’s right, within this world there was only one being who is called “Evil God”.

Once upon a time, there was the Evil God who drove everyone to war. The people infected by the Evil God’s miasma would continue to kill everyone around them. The people appealed to the Goddess and thus sanity was restored, and they banded together to destroy the Evil God. Under the divine protection of the Goddess, peace was restored. And they all lived happily ever after.

A worthless fable. So worthless it makes me sick.

The Evil God that drives everyone to war. That suits me perfectly. When all’s said and done, I guess I might as well be that ancient Evil God, resurrected from the age of legends? I shall take over the role of that mysterious and unseen Evil God. One of life’s little ironies I guess.

Imouto-chan seems oddly accepting. Er no, don’t accept! Hmm, I guess so. I guess I’m acknowledged as an Evil God. Being viewed as such by an oblivious girl, which way is better I wonder?

I guess that’s enough threatening for now. Let’s get down to business.

「Don’t, kill, that.」

Damn, I’ve forgotten Natsume-kun’s name in this world. Or rather, I’m not the type to remember people’s faces or names. I can recognise the reincarnators though. Thanks to the memories of Wakaba Hiiro. But, for humans in this world, or the names of reincarnators in this world, I don’t particularly remember them. Not unless they leave a really strong impression.

Going by that theory, I guess that imouto-chan here leaves quite a strong impression huh. Well, I guess?

「Why? Hic! As the Evil God, what is, ugh, that boy to you?」

Umm, in summary, why am I protecting Natsume-kun, or something like that? You don’t have to use that erotic voice all the time though. If you keep doing that, something might awaken in big sister you know? Okay, it won’t.

「That can still be used.」

I won’t be telling you what he can be used for. And so, I won’t tell you that he’s disposable either. If I told you that I’m afraid of what kind of strange expectations you’ll have.

「You are, ugh, going to start wars?」

I assent. Hmm? Imouto-chan seems to have mixed feelings about that?

Hmm. A clue to capturing her? Recall this girl’s character. How can I lure her in? What is she thinking about with such an expression? Think!

Maybe I don’t need to think about it? Currently the only image of her I have inside of me is “I love onii-sama!” To an abnormal degree too.

This is what this face says: If there’s a war then my beloved ultra perfect onii-sama’s grand exploits will make him an overnight superstar, so it will help him become the ruler of the world. Ahh, alas, maybe not even a genius like onii-sama can contend with the Evil God in front of me? If that happens, then onii-sama is in danger! There’s no way that this Evil God will leave alone someone like onii-sama who possesses the aura of a great historical figure! I’m sure it’s true that this Evil God fears that onii-sama will become stronger and is making plans to kill him before he’s ready! But, if it’s onii-sama! If it’s onii-sama then surely he can even beat the Evil God! To make that happen, I cannot allow this Evil God to strike the first blow against onii-sama. Onii-sama, I shall buy time for your sake!

……Yeah, something like that I guess. Her sense of despair has vanished as if it never was, and now I feel that she’s glaring at me severely, seemingly indicating that the change in her way of thinking matches my image of her amazingly well. Ultimately this is just me play-acting her inner thoughts based on her image, but I feel that if I’m not exactly right then I’m not far off either.

In that case, the devil’s temptation, no, the Evil God’s temptation.

「Your onii-san, how about I overlook him?」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 246: I can't stop laughing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

246 – I can’t stop laughing

Muhahah. Imouto is MINE. So easy.

The instant I baited her with her brother Yamada-kun, imouto-chan completely folded. While she might emotionally regard her brother as the pinnacle of existence, it seems she’s still able to logically recognise the difference in strength between Yamada-kun and me.

「I’ll accept whatever you do to me, just leave onii-sama alone!」

That was the proposal that she bravely gave to me herself. I made her cry huh. Instead, I can’t stop laughing though.

But, after that it dragged out. Imouto-chan began this speech on her brother. That old guy magician from some time ago seemed to have given a drawn out speech as well though, so is there something about single-minded humans that makes them talk for such a long time I wonder? There’s also me who had to listen to the whole damn thing because I couldn’t find the timing to interrupt. There’s still this echo in my ears going “onii-sama this, onii-sama that, onii-sama onii-sama…” Hey, numb legs – do your job.

Eventually, I did indeed hear everything about onii-sama, from chapter one on his greatness to the final chapter on how he will eventually become god. The seventh chapter on child prodigy onii-sama was rather interesting. Thanks to all that, it took a very long time until we finally got down to business. I’m so glad I’d setup the time management.

So, in return for me leaving the great onii-sama alone, I made imouto-chan promise four things. One, to not interfere with Natsume-kun at all from now on. Two, to prioritise acquiring any of the Humility, Kindness or Chastity skills. Three, always carry one of my clones, the one the size of a fingertip, and abide by its orders. Four, don’t talk to anyone about me.

The first is just in case she attacks Natsume-kun again after I release him. The second is worth a shot. After all, unless someone has a lot of talent it seems they can’t acquire Ruler skills. Imouto-chan does seem to have the talent, but I’m seriously doubtful about whether she’ll be able to acquire any of them even still. As such, I won’t hold out that much hope, and will consider it lucky if she is able to gain any. The third, is to help reinforce my monitoring. Now I will no longer need to act so stealthily in Yamada-kun’s vicinity. I don’t expect to be giving many instructions though. Currently there’s not really much for imouto-chan to do for me anyway. Though maybe the day will come that the situation changes and I need imouto-chan to do something. The fourth, is an obvious precaution.

Eventually even imouto-chan’s legs reached their limit, so I gave her the instructions, handed over the clone and then released her. At the time I also provided healing for her legs, as a special service in anticipation of future achievements.

Unlike with Natsume-kun, it’s not necessarily the case that it would have been better to erase her memory and place a parasitic clone in her brain. But, I’ve kinda given up on that. If I were to give a reason why, then it’s because I feel that with that method it seems like she probably wouldn’t be able to acquire a Ruler skill. Ruler skills seem the sort where you can only acquire them on the basis of the innermost depths of your heart’s desires and thoughts. For me, Pride, Patience and Sloth were like that. Charity just happened to fall into my hands, so it’s an exception I guess. For someone like Natsume-kun who has a pointless amount of energy just floating around then it’s a different story though, but normally, unless you desire something from the bottom of your heart, then I think it’s probably not possible to acquire Ruler skills. In that case, even if I used a clone as a parasite to guide her thinking, a Ruler skill wouldn’t start to develop.

For Ruler skills that imouto-chan could possess, Chastity and Humility seem about right? Envy seems about right for her to possess as well, but that’s already been taken though. For Chastity, she’s devoted to her onii-sama. For Humility, onii-sama is the best in the world so she’s second at most. Yup, they’re totally gettable. For Kindness, let’s just not go there.

Now then, I’ve released imouto-chan, given suggestions to Natsume-kun, and also erased the memory of the guards who fainted during the tussle. This way, there’s now nobody who knows about imouto-chan’s reckless incident. What’s this, while the actual event occurred just recently in real time, in practice if feels like an age has passed.

Well. Now’s not the time for that. I should go check up on sensei.

I was somehow able to prevent the collapse of sensei’s soul. I prevented it, but it’s not like there’s no damage either. Several of her skills have vanished for one thing, and her status values probably also dropped. Most of all, the total size of her soul has reduced, though there’s no indication of that in the status.

For skills like Automatic HP Recovery and Accelerated MP Recovery, where does the recovery come from? Even if it’s a fantasy world, it’s not like the law of conservation of mass is no longer applicable you know. Likewise, it could be said that something like the law of conservation of soul energy exists too. If the status values are based on the power of the soul, then restoration is also based on using the power of the soul. Using the power of the soul that is not already written into the status values. Therefore for sensei, with the power of her soul having significantly declined, restoration of neither HP nor MP will occur. And so, within sensei’s body, as a substitute for the power of the soul that was lost, her own body should be being broken down for the purpose of providing energy. In short, even if nothing happens to her, her body will be covered in wounds.

Sure enough, when I go check up on sensei, she is lying on a bed while smeared in blood. With her hollowed cheeks, her originally small body has become even smaller. She’s become so scrawny that you’d think she hadn’t eaten a proper meal in many months, and if that wasn’t enough her skin is flaking away. I guess it’s as if Automatic HP Recovery has gone into reverse. This is literally shaving off sensei’s body.

Sensei’s condition is even worse than I had assumed. If it’s like this, then unless she gets treatment from someone else she’ll die. When I wonder why it’s so bad, the answer comes forth. So as to not expose her wretched state to her students, she still persevered in pretending to be fine. Normally she should only have collapsed from weight loss and no more. Instead, sensei gritted through the pain, and as a result she has exacerbated it further instead. Normally, to come from the practice grounds all the way back here by her herself would be unbearable. After all, it’s at the level where she should absolutely have collapsed at the grounds and gotten medicate treatment there.

Really this person is something else. Isn’t it too much for a single person to carry anything and everything on their back? That is so much like sensei though.

I perform medical treatment on sensei. The wounds heal, and her ruined complexion recovers. I can’t restore the power of the soul that she has lost, but the abnormalities in her body should stop now at least. Though she’s lost a bit of body weight, she just has to eat for that to return to normal.

Also, let’s include a little trick while at it as well.

Footsteps. I teleport, departing from the room. Naturally after leaving a clone.

The one who comes into the room, is Potimas. With no concern for the sick person, he violently opens the door and strides towards sensei. Potimas looks down on sensei with all the cool indifference of someone looking at a laboratory animal, and he deliberately grabs hold of her head.

「Tsk!」

A single click of the tongue. He removes his hand from sensei’s head.

Hehehe, hehahahaha, hahh-hah-hah-hah! Lo-o-ser! Maybe this should be said to be the silver lining of her injuries from this incident, as the part of Potimas’s soul that has been grafted onto sensei’s soul, has vanished. I think that it’s likely that it was sacrificed by the presentation skill. Say, are you frustrated? While it’s just a part, are you frustrated at losing part of your soul?

Naturally, there’s no way that I would pass up the chance I had. The little trick I’d prepared earlier was for protection on sensei’s soul. Now Potimas can’t interfere with sensei anymore. In addition, the biggest reason why I couldn’t interfere with Potimas has vanished. Next, if I could just do something about his Ruler authority, then I’d be able to cast this piece of shit down to the bottom of hell.

「Uh, uhh…」

Hups, it seems that sensei is waking up.

「Are you conscious?」

「Potimas? Where am I?」

「Your own room.」

Sensei’s gaze is unfocused – is she still half asleep?

「My injuries, did you heal them for me, Potimas?」

「Yeah, I did.」

O RLY? D, dammit! Gnnnn! It’s hard for me not to come forward here! Damn you Potimas!

Maybe he felt my killing intent, as Potimas quickly looks around the room. Well, fine. I shall ignore you for now. He didn’t do anything unecessary to sensei either. Now that he can no longer take hold of sensei I’m finished with him, and if he tries to perpetrate anything, my restraints are waiting for him.

Hehehe. I’m now looking forwards to the day when I can take his head. Quake in your boots while waiting for that time.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 247: The young lady villain bursts into tears
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

247 – The young lady villain bursts into tears

I’ve resolved the various incidents from the human academy from behind the scenes, and returned to Argnar’s place. I’d left in the middle of the conversation after all. Weirdly, his face was twitching massively though – just what is he so scared of? How can there be something like that at time when I’m happily smiling away though. To twitch when looking at someone’s smile, how rude.

With regards to the actions of the elves within the demon territory, I entrust Argnar to continue with that. When sensei isn’t amongst them, I couldn’t care less what happens to a bunch of elves anyway. Besides, I think that Potimas’s actions in the human territories is the current focus of the elves.

As for actions of Potimas, that’s basically to hijack Yamada-kun’s country. When the Hero-kun isn’t around I’ve observed him stealthily trespassing into the royal castle, and starting with the king, Potimas has embedded a fragment of his soul into all the key figures of the country. If he ever feels like it, they could form a huge army for Potimas.

I don’t inform imouto-chan about that. Even if I inform her there’s nothing she can do. If it’s not something I can do anything about, then there’s no way that imouto-chan will be able to do anything either.

Yes, I can’t do anything about it. Unfortunately, purely based on Potimas’s mood, that man can do anything he likes to that country. Currently there does not exist the method to save the people that Potimas has put parasites on. Before they get used there’s not much I can do except to kill them.

That sure is a nasty ability. It’s like he can indiscriminately do something like the attack I once attempted on the Demon King. Well, though I say “indiscriminately”, based on him clutching sensei’s head it seems likely that he needs direct contact though. Even still, it’s scary that there’s no defense against it.

If those with the parasites would resist and were able to smash Potimas’s soul instead that would be great, but I guess that’s impossible. The humans on this world are generally weak to Heresy Attacks. Or rather, it’s because their Heresy Resistance is low. I guess that’s because for skills and the like, when people’s souls are not exposed to Heresy Attacks for a long time it causes their resistance level to drop, and the soul itself continues to degenerate as well.

As for the reason why they are not used to Heresy Attacks, it’s because Heresy Attacks are banned by the church. Well, I’m sure the reason for that is if Heresy Magic is capped out, Taboo is then derived from it. For the church, letting Taboo spread is not something they want. I should get in contact with the church sooner or later I guess. Though I think so, there’s been all sorts of things I’ve had to do and I’ve been dragging my feet and putting it off for now. It’s not like, going to meet some strange pope is annoying or troublesome or absolutely anything like that. It’s not, okay!

Besides, it’s true that I’m busy. After returning from Argnar’s place, I head towards vampire girl’s place. It’s in the middle of the night already. Despite that, that delinquent daughter has slipped passed the eyes of my clones and concealed her whereabouts. How did she manage to deceive my eyes? Isn’t she putting her efforts into a strange direction?

So, because I can’t find her with the eyes of my clones, I search the vicinity with the eyes of my main body. I find a place that seems about right, and charge in.

「Kyaa!?」

「Eh, wah!?」

Slam. I close the door. I didn’t see anything.

This is unreal. Vampire girl, she’s already climbing the stairs to adulthood… She’s even climbed ahead of me. What’s this, even though this should be nothing to be ashamed of really, there’s still this vague sense of defeat.

Or rather, is this why you shook off my clones eh! Make the most of your high spec ability why don’t you! It sure seems like she combined several skills to create an original technique.

Did she use Shadow Magic to cover the building itself? She used something like that to hide her concealment? Even still, it’s not ordinarily possible to deceive my eyes, so maybe she used some other method.

Argh. This is ridiculous. Or maybe, is it possible that this isn’t her first offence at using such skillfulness? There’s been previous occasions when I’ve lost briefly sight of her, so possibly.

「So, where is Waldo-sama?」

「I am terribly sorry. I have lost sight of him.」

Hm? For some reason several males and females have gathered together and are having a whispered conversation. For some reason I decide to listen closely.

「Who saw him last?」

「It was I. As expected, he was with that woman.」

「I see.」

Hmm. I feel I’ve seen them somewhere before. Ahh, it’s that ojou-san and her followers who go to the same academy as the vampire girl. I can’t remember her name though. Maybe I should have gotten hold of a memory skill or something before my apotheosis. My memory might as well be Swiss cheese, even if I do say so for myself.

「What shall we do?」

「If we can’t find him, there’s nothing we can do.」

「But!」

「Are you okay with this!?」

「At this rate, that woman and Waldo-sama will…」

Hmm? I don’t know who Waldo is, but perhaps there’s no need to guess that he was the one with vampire girl just now? Ahh, if that’s the case then it’s not “at this rate” but “already done” you know.

「Felmina-sama, let’s do something about that woman!」

「That’s right! Since that woman has appeared, Waldo-sama and the other high-ranking boys have started becoming strange!」

「There’s been times when their eyes are vacant – that woman has definitely done something to them!」

「At this rate, it’s possible that the ones who should be the future leaders of this country will go through something that cannot be undone!」

Ah, erm, ahh. The “that woman” they’re talking about, is the vampire girl right? Ahh, yeah. How should I put it, please excuse my daughter. Did I make some kinda mistake in her education? Or perhaps, to turn men into servants is what a vampire should be doing? Or rather, was she ever like that in the previous world? I don’t quite remember everything about vampire girl after all.

「Silence!」

To the followers who are still arguing, the young lady in the center bluntly declares that.

「If I could have done something, I would have done it already! However, that woman avoids it as if nothing had happened every time. That woman is a true monster. Listen, do not do anything careless.」

So that’s why there’s been so many incidents around the vampire girl recently huh. Well, if those who are basically equivalent to the princes of the country are emasculated by some unidentifiable woman from who knows where, anyone would be cautious. That’s particularly the case if there seems to be some suspicious technique involved. They’d even go so far as to physically remove her of course.

But, it was futile. Well, I guess so. My girl hasn’t been raised so softly as to kick the bucket from only that much.

「Felmina-sama, you couldn’t possibly mean…」

「You must not speak any further. Also, you didn’t hear anything either.」

All the followers nod their heads silently.

「If anything happens to me, please take care of this country.」

It seems you’re prepared for the worst, abjectly sorrowful young lady. Well. Most likely, this girl will be removed by the vampire girl huh. Her way of thinking is totally like a vampire now after all. She herself hasn’t realised the drastic changes in what was natural for her as a human, and what is natural for her now. That’s why, she’s unconsciously caused the current situation.

Really. I don’t really give a damn about this country’s future, but maybe I can use this young lady. If I feel inclined afterwards, I might pick her up.

At a later date, that young lady was convicted. Since I felt it would be a waste otherwise, I picked her up. She has some decent talents for one, so if she could gain a Ruler skill it would be a good bargain.

Translation notes:

Regarding “young lady villain” in the title – if you’ve read any series where the protagonist reincarnates into the role of the antagonist ojou-sama character in an otome game, this is generally the term used for that role.

For reference, Shiro gained “Heresy Attack LV1” in chapter 109, via the “Fear Bringer” title. She also gained “Heresy Resistance LV1” in chapter 60, via the “Merciless” title.

Felmina is the person Waldo was engaged to in Blood 25. His name has been written as “Wald” elsewhere but I decided to do it as Waldo here instead. On a final note, while the author is hinting very strongly as to what Shiro saw, the details are clearly being left to the imagination.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 248: A vampire's nature
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

248 – A vampire’s nature

The one who cannot hide their confusion at the sudden changes in the vampire girl is me. Ehh, seriously, what’s going on? Starting around the middle of our journey she had started becoming a bit rebellious for sure, but it’s nothing like now. Most of all I’m sure she didn’t have the personality to form something like a reverse harem.

If her aspect as a vampire was slowly coming out then I could understand it, but for it to be so sudden… Besides, I’m worried that vampire girl herself hasn’t noticed her own changes. While I was unaware, has she been affected by some kind of skill perhaps? It wouldn’t be wrong to say that I do have an idea. She has the Envy skill for a start.

However, the effect of Envy cannot explain all of vampire girl’s behaviour. It probably explains her angry side and rebellious side though.

Which is why, I go to the best person to ask about other vampires. I charge into the 4th army and seize Mera.

「Umm, it’s a bit awkward if you suddenly arrive though.」

Don’t sweat it. I bet you’re just doing paperwork anyway. You can do that afterwards. Your beloved ojou-sama has a big problem so you should prioritise that anyway.

I abduct the hesitant Mera. For now, we check out vampire girl’s demeanor for a day.

「What do you think?」

「Let’s see. Certainly I think that this is better than abandoning my work.」

To my question, Mera answers with a humble expression. I mutely encourage him to continue.

「Firstly, ojou-sama’s behaviour is not incorrect for a vampire. Currently I am also doing the same thing.」

Oh-ho.

「Using magic on the opposite sex to seduce them. This is to ensure a supply of food, and to select new candidates for retainers – it is for these two reasons. As for it being with the opposite sex, it’s a matter of personal preference I’m sure.」

You too huh, Mera.

「At any rate, while I feel that it may be looked down upon, for a vampire that is the correct image. Besides, I’m not putting it into practice like ojou-sama is. It’s purely that I’m doing it this way just because I desire to.」

Becoming defiant, then exposing his desires. Really, this guy…

「Umm, please stop with that facial expression that seems to be looking at garbage.」

「Just kidding.」

Yup, kidding kidding. I’m totally not thinking of Mera as the enemy of women or a scum amongst men at all.

「So, to return to the matter at hand, it appears to me that ojou-sama has noticed her own desires and is putting them into practice. In addition, without any hesitation or guilt at all.」

Yup. That’s the problem there.

「If my opinion is acceptable, do you want to hear it?」

Go ahead.

「This is probably the case, but I think it’s possible that during the course of ojou-sama’s growth into adulthood, that her common sense as a human has been overwritten with her common sense as a vampire. If not for that, she would otherwise be experiencing some slight agony, like the time when I had just become a vampire and my awareness as a human got in the way. I cannot see that in ojou-sama at all. Her common sense as a human has been completely discarded, otherwise her ability to think as a vampire would have been chased off by her human side. I think her situation is along those lines.」

I see. Pretty much the same opinion as me huh.

「The cause of that is?」

「I don’t know. In my case, I still retain my ability to think as a human even now. So I have no experience with being so completely engulfed with the instincts of a vampire.」

Hmm. If I knew the cause I would have some way to counter it. While I don’t understand that, I don’t know how to deal with her.

「I can think of several plausible factors, but which of them it could be, or otherwise which of them might have combined to result in ojou-sama’s current situation, I have no idea.」

Hrm. Let’s try hearing him out anyway.

「Firstly, it’s plausible that the effects of the Envy skill that you have spoken about is the primary cause. For that, I’m sure that you are better informed about it than me, Shiraori-sama.」

Indeed. Of the various behaviours in vampire girl, there’s several that could be due to the effect of Envy.

「Next, it’s the case that ojou-sama was born as a vampire. Unlike me, ojou-sama was born as a true vampire. Even though she has been raised by humans, her nature is still completely that of a vampire. It could be said that if she was still behaving as a human even now then it would be more of a problem. I have no idea about what effects might have surfaced due to that though.」

Ahh. That’s true isn’t it. Because of the special skill vampire girl received on reincarnation from D, she was born as a vampire. She has no experience of being a human in this world, only the previous world. Thinking that way, does the explanation make sense? The awareness she had as a human until now, was brought along with her memory from the previous world, and as she grew up perhaps her awareness as a vampire became stronger. It’s plausible.

「In addition, ojou-sama seems to be quite frustrated. Maybe due to that building up is why she has become like how she is now.」

Hm? Frustrated? Why?

「Oh, excuse me. My explanation was poor. By frustrated, I mean with regards to combat. Vampires regard fighting as pleasurable, as they are a combat orientated species.」

Eh, really? Vampires are… muscle-brains? Hrm. That really doesn’t match my image of vampires. But, just as I think that, a certain master comes to mind and I have to agree.

So that’s it. Vampires are combat maniacs huh. I didn’t know that. It’s certainly true that I’m not allowing vampire girl to fight currently. That’s because her level will rise if she accidentally kills a demon. Until all her status boosting skills are complete I don’t want to allow her level to rise. But the unintended side effect of that is for vampire girl to become frustrated. As a consequence, the built-up stress has accelerated her awakening as a vampire.

It makes sense. Since she has memories of a previous life, I don’t think that she’s become a vampire to the farthest reaches of her heart, but if she’s being faithful to her instincts in order to forget her stress, then her own sense of reason wouldn’t be able to restrain herself anymore.

I’m really sorry about this. It’s half my responsibility that vampire girl has become like this huh. Okay, then, I’ll let you go wild to your heart’s content. Fortunately, an opponent for her will be arriving soon anyway.

Her opponent also has a Ruler skill. Also, his level is higher. The one who has repeatedly fought and slaughtered, the oni.

In comparison, vampire girl is level one, but with her special education her status should have risen far. All her trained skills are from training. However, she has no real combat experience.

Yup. It should be a pretty good match.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 249: Here oni, oni
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

249 – Here oni, oni

With what’s pretty much perfect timing there is an off-campus exercise, and I allow vampire girl to participate. The location is inhabited by low level monsters, in other words a beginner orientated level training ground. The monsters of this world are categorised by different danger level ranks, and there should only be monsters of around danger level E at the forest which serves as the training ground. For a danger level E, that’s equivalent to the frog from the Elro Great Labyrinth. No matter what, they’re not going to give the current vampire girl a hard fight.

For these danger levels, it appears that humans were the first to establish it, the criterion being that if 6 adventurers are equivalent to a single monster then that decides the level, apparently. So that means that, in the case of a danger level B monster, then if 6 rank B adventurers fight it then it would be a good match, basically. In short, it’s not the case that a rank B adventurer equals a danger level B monster. In practice there’s a six fold difference in strength.

However, it seems that the lowest rank for adventurers is D rank, a rank that anybody can casually achieve. Thus, if an ordinary person decides to register then from that day on they can call themselves a rank D adventurer with just that. For that reason, for the strength of monsters of rank D and lower, the ranking is generally just for show. After all, there’s a large gap in actual strength between a freshly minted D rank adventurer and a properly trained D rank adventurer. Amongst the rank D adventurers, because there’s many fake adventurers who make a living by collecting medicinal plants without fighting monsters, they’re not really considered to be that reliable. Well, though I began by saying that, for adventurers raised to a particular rank, there’s also a difference in strength compared to those who are on the verge of rising to the next rank, so this is all just an approximation okay.

In practice, to be able to solo fight a monster, the appropriate rank would normally one or two levels below. So a B rank adventurer would take on a C rank monster, for example.

Incidentally, for my original species of Small Lesser Taratekt, the danger level is F. Danger level F. Danger level F! That’s just how weak it is. That’s pretty much saying that even an ordinary person can beat it you know.

Let’s return to the main subject. In the forest, vampire girl continues to hunt. Her face is clearly showing that she is dissatisfied. Sure enough, she seems unhappy that the monsters are just so weak that there’s no resistance. I have heard what Mera said, but for what a vampire desires from battle, it’s not to trample over them, but the desire to have a good fight with an equal or stronger opponent, or so it seems. Considering that, these danger level E class monsters are not fit to be the current vampire girl’s opponents.

Well, be at ease. Since I have already prepared a perfectly suitable opponent.

Ogre-kun, whose path I’ve been indirectly guiding, has arrived at the forest. I can’t use appraisal, so I don’t know how far ogre-kun’s status has now grown to. Or rather, it might be wrong to call him “ogre-kun” now.

He’s evolved. Maybe it’s because he’s been slaughtering repeatedly, but I guess his level rose enough for him to evolve. His well built body has become smaller, and now he’s become the same size as a human. However, even though his body has become smaller, the amount strength packed within it has increased. In my opinion, it’s about the same as vampire girl. With those horns growing on his forehead, he should be called an oni.

What surprises me, is oni-kun’s face. When I wonder where I’ve seen it before, I realise it’s Sasajima-kun.

From Wakaba Hiiro’s memory, Sasajima-kun should be on good terms with Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun who are currently in the human academy. I have many memories of those three talking together. Though I had known that oni-kun was a reincarnator, I hadn’t known who he was though. Both Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun were concerned about Sasajima-kun’s whereabouts, and have asked sensei about him several times. I had gotten the feeling that sensei actually knew about Sasajima-kun, did she figure it out while he was rampaging through the human territory I wonder? If I combine the reincarnators in the elf village with the reincarnators in the human academy, I could have figured out who it probably was by calculating back. Ah, I guess so. Thinking that way, it was possible to figure out who oni-kun was by a process of elimination ya know. Though rather than it being that I didn’t know, it’s more like I wasn’t interested in knowing, I guess.

Well, I don’t really care who oni-kun really is. What I care about, is why has he’s gotten the same face as in his previous life. When I became an arachne I had Wakaba Hiiro’s face though, so maybe it’s that when a monster evolves into a more humanoid form, their face becomes how they imagine it to be? That being the case, I could then accept that my own face gained the form that I was most familiar with in my previous life.

I wonder how vampire girl will react when she sees Sasajima-kun’s face?

And then she doesn’t react! The battle starts the instant that they meet. Even though this is supposed to be a deeply moving reunion between two reincarnators

Oh? Vampire girl hasn’t realised? Or perhaps, she’s realised but is ignoring it? Hmm. One vote for she hasn’t realised. Though I can’t abandon the pattern where it goes “I had noticed but because he seems strong that doesn’t matter!”

Well, whatever. They’ve clashed all according to plan anyway. I’m sorry oni-kun, but please become an opponent for vampire girl to let out her stress on. Afterwards, whether you win or lose, I’ll have you go to your eternal rest, okay.

At the start, vampire girl takes the initiative. Yee-hah! I couldn’t help it! With that charge I felt that I heard such a yell. Vampire girl, you’ve grown up to be such a fine muscle-brain…

Her large sword strikes at oni-kun. Oni-kun tries to stop that with the katana in one hand, but can’t defend and uses the katana in his other hand both together, and is finally able to stop the blow. Probably, he intended to stop the blow with one hand, and then use the katana in his other hand to aim for a counter instead. However, vampire girl’s strike was heavier than he expected, so her hurriedly put all his strength into defence I reckon.

「Fwah, fwahahah. You stopped it. You actually stopped my attack. Fwahahah!」

O, o-o-kay. Vampire girl brings out a dangerous smile.

「This is, a fight! For the first time in my life! A proper fight!」

Just how frustrated has she actually been? She has well and truly lost it. If there was a Battle Junkie title then she’d certainly acquire it. There’s no such title though.

Vampire girl activates her magic and skills. Oni-kun prepares to receive that. I observe with popcorn in one hand.

FIGHT!

Munch, munch.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 250: Tag with Oni
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

250 – Tag with Oni

Vampire girl has activated Vermilion Sea. What vampire girl has developed is a composite magical skill, or rather technique, that joins together skills and magical power. That red fluid which moves completely under the control of vampire girl’s will, dissolves everything it touches without limit. The Blood Mist from her vampire ability, Strong Acid Attack and Water Magic have been combined.

When I saw it for the first time, I was amazed. Anyhow, three different skills were combined and a totally new technique was developed. That had never even occurred to me.

To be blunt, vampire girl is smarter in the way she uses skills than I am. Though I have activated skills simultaneously, I’ve never actually thought of combining them. While the solitary example of my Poison Thread could be described that way, that was still nothing beyond the specifications of Poison Attack.

It’s not like I never attempted to combine two skills at all. For example, trying the Evil Eyes with Poison Attack. However, I couldn’t do it. Thus, I decided that not being able to do so was part of the System’s specification, so I didn’t investigate any further. But then, after vampire girl investigated even deeper, she actually achieved it. What I had given up upon, vampire girl has accomplished. In that sense, vampire girl can be called a genius.

Well anyway, she wouldn’t even remotely be a match for me currently, and even before my apotheosis I wouldn’t have lost I’m sure. If I felt like it I could fully mobilise Parallel Will to activate massively parallel magic and simply bulldoze over her I’m sure. Heh, it’s not like I ever needed to develop new techniques. I’m not a poor loser or something. I’m not, okay!

In comparison, oni-kun, I want to ask which one-man-army you think you are. Arnie? Or if not him then Gilgamesh?

Oni-kun’s strategy, is to fire missiles? He’s takes swords that explode out from another dimension, shooting them like that. To all appearances it’s the Gate of Babylon.

On one side a tsunami of liquid that instantly vaporizes on contact. On the other side pummeling by both a battleship and deadly missiles. Isn’t this basically a war already? For the war I experienced before apotheosis, did it also have this haphazard impression when seen from outside? Or rather, the forest has gotten totally messed up you know.

If vampire girl uses Vermillion Sea to guard against oni-kun’s attacks, then oni-kun avoids the wave from Vermillion Sea. The battle seesaws between offense and defence. Stop it! The forest’s HP has already reached zero!

Vampire girl has summoned Shadow Demons. There are eight of them, born from the shadows with the shape of dark red wolves. Those rush at oni-kun all at once.

Not even the formidable oni-kun can avoid them, and while he’s preoccupied with the Shadow Demons, Vermillion Sea completely engulfs him. However, it doesn’t seem to be that effective. There’s not much visible damage. It’s not just his dodging ability, his natural defense is also high.

Humph. This is a mudslinging contest. Neither of them have a trump card.

Though it currently looks like oni-kun is battling equally, in truth he’s being slowly cornered. While he may appear to surpass vampire girl in status values, vampire girl’s skill diversity looks to be putting him consistently under pressure. He’s actually disheartened.

Vampire girl in comparison, doesn’t really have the upper hand either. She’s continuing with the long distance combat and using her Demon Eyes to shave off oni-kun’s HP, but if it continues at this rate it’s going to take forever.

Hmm. It’s kinda like, both of them are surprised at the strength of the other and are being cautious? While vampire girl appears to be in high spirits, I guess there’s a part of her head that is cooly targeting victory? The unknowns are more on oni-kun’s side huh. I had thought that his sanity had been completely blown away, but on carefully looking at his fighting style there’s hints of planning in his movements. Does he still have his sanity then?

Oni-kun makes a move. While prepared to take some damage, he tries to close the distance. Vampire girl counter attacks with Vermillion Sea, Shadow Demons and various other magics. While counter attacking she attempts to increase the distance, totally focused on finishing him with long distance combat indeed.

That being said, oni-kun is also doing pretty good. His body is infused with Dragon Power I guess? It looks like vampire girl’s magic isn’t too effective, so it probably is. Even after taking so many of vampire girl’s attacks, he’s still so lively. Normally it wouldn’t be a surprise if he’d been reduced to nothing.

Oh. Did he get impatient from never being able to get close perhaps – oni-kun makes a bold move. Swords appear from the other dimension. Too many to count.

I interfere with oni-kun’s other dimension a bit and try to peek inside. Yup. It’s been emptied. Just a few remain. It appears that oni-kun is intending to put all his efforts into his stock of remaining swords.

Unsurprisingly, even vampire girl becomes a bit flustered. If that huge number of swords explode together, not even vampire girl would be able to avoid it and would receive heavy damage. Not that it would kill her though.

Countless swords swoop down on vampire girl at once. Sunny with the occasional rain of swords. That’s pretty nasty weather. Now then, what will vampire girl do I wonder?

Vampire girl activates her magic. It’s ice magic. Also, it’s a considerably sophisticated type. A shining mist fills the area, tinged with red as well. This is… not something I’ve seen before.

The red shining mist and rain of swords collide. The swords shatter, the shining mist disperses. That was amazing. It’s red and shining, so let’s christen it “Heinz” I guess?

The Heinz swallows up the rain of swords. Even the resulting shock wave is frozen and dissolved.

Net result, the rain of swords is completely neutralised, and on top of that the remaining Heinz approaches oni-kun. Having seen his all-out attack using almost all everything he had in stock being easily neutralised, oni-kun stares in blank amazement. It’s not like I don’t understand his feelings, but doing that in the middle of battle is a basic no-no, right?

The Heinz, as if sneering at oni-kun’s hasty defence, takes his right arm. He countered by creating a wall of soil and using flames, but even then it had enough power to still take his right arm. That sure is fearsome. That girl… she sure has developed something else. Furthermore, she kept it secret from me. Is it that? Did she intend to use it against me someday? Scary!

!! Oh shit. What’s with this timing!?

Oni-kun has activated Wrath. Well, whatever. The thing that’s alarming me, is something else entirely.

The seal on Kuro… has broken.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 251: Scarier than an oni
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

251 – Scarier than an oni

Wh, what should I do? Th, the other dimension I sealed Kuro in, has a different flow of time to the present world. Because of that, though I can infer what’s going on inside the other dimension, the time lag is absolutely huge. That’s why I didn’t realise that there were signs that Kuro’s seal was breaking.

What should I do? What can I do?

1 – Dear Shiraori suddenly comes up with an idea for a counter attack.

2 – My friends come save me.

3 – Nothing can be done. Reality is cruel.

Yeah. The answer is number 3!

Well, there’s really nothing that can be done. Kuro is stronger than me anyway. Besides, for 2, I got no friends anyway! Hah-hah-hah.

Okay, maybe I should stop messing around and come up with a serious countermeasure. Saying that though, it’s obvious what I have to do. If he’s hostile then eliminate him. Otherwise, wait and see for a while. If possible I’d prefer it if he’s not hostile though.

After breaking out from the seal, Kuro is heading towards vampire girl and oni-kun. Hrm. Does he intend to get rid of oni-kun perhaps? For now, I don’t want to get vampire girl involved though. I guess I’ll prepare to save her at any time.

Regarding that vampire girl though, she’s sure been mangled by oni-kun. Now that oni-kun has activated Wrath, she’s unable to handle his attacks, and damage is slowly building up. Even with the golden combo of Future Prediction and Thought Acceleration, if she’s been continuously attacked at an unavoidable speed then they’re useless. It seems that she’s able to endure it with the defensive power of the Dragon Scales, but how long will that last I wonder.

Ah, she’s been decapitated. Or, so I thought but she catches her head in midair and sticks it back on.

WOW!? You can actually do that!? What the, I want to try that too! Ah, no, never mind. It seems painful.

However, well, it’s enough of a one-sided defensive battle that she got decapitated. I guess this is game over huh.

Hm? Vampire girl, is intending to do something? Don’t tell me she’s thinking of using Envy? Ah, she IS intending to use it. Whether or not she’s going to be killed, that’s not something you should use. It’s punishment time for you later okay.

Well, she doesn’t activate it. Since before that happens, Kuro arrives.

Kuro lands between vampire girl and oni-kun. Oni-kun slashes at Kuro, but gets beaten easily. I don’t know what she’s thinking but vampire girl tries to crash Vermillion Sea into Kuro. OI, FOOL, STOP! Vermillion Sea is simply erased completely by Kuro’s barrier. Of course such an attack would never work on Kuro.

Hey, wait! Vampire girl, you just used Envy right!? You actually used it!? What are you doing? Okay, PUNISHMENT TIME is booked.

Kuro grabs vampire girl’s head. I stand ready to go rescue her immediately if it looks bad. But, my worry is misplaced, and Kuro simply knocks her unconscious.

Then, Kuro pummels oni-kun. Really, it’s such a one-sided beat-down that the only word that works is “pummels”. A “don’t try this at home kids” level of pummelling. Perhaps his soul is starting to lose power, as even regeneration can’t keep up.

Ah, Wrath has expired. Ahh! I see, I see. Wrath also uses the power of the soul to activate, so if the underlying power runs out then the activation also stops. So, if the activation stops, I guess his sanity will more or less return. So long as his sanity hasn’t been destroyed already at least. But, it seems I don’t have to worry about that. While he was fighting vampire girl I was thinking that maybe his logical reasoning power still remained anyway.

「Are you satisfied with this?」

Kuro speaks to one of my clones. Oh my. What are you talking about?

「I know, if I kill this oni, I will turn you bastard and D into my enemy, right?」

Eh? That’s not actually the case though. Or rather, D is in the middle of critical work so probably can’t come.

「Even if this guy is a victim. The anger I am feeling now, venting my anger by hitting anyone makes me feel refreshed. It can’t be helped, this is my revenge.」

Humph. In short, Kuro currently has no intention to oppose me for now. Sounds like a nice deal to me. It seems like he’s happened to fall under various rather magnificent misconceptions, but that’s convenient for me. I’ve got no obligation to correct him anyway, so let’s just leave him to his misconceptions then.

For now, I retrieve the fallen vampire girl and oni-kun into a space that I open. After confirming that, Kuro teleported. It seems that he teleported to the Demon King. I guess I should go too.

It’s about time that I should inform the Demon King about my final objective and the means. It’s probably better if Kuro is told some of that as well. Based on Kuro’s reaction when he finds out, Kuro’s future will then change. Either way, I can expect that he’ll oppose my final objective though.

Nevertheless, Kuro, is strong. A vastly lower rank person can’t fully see the whole story, but a portion can be seen. I can’t overlook how he broke my seal a lot faster than I predicted either. With this, it seems that I must revise my evaluation of him upwards. If Kuro and I go head to head right now, my chances of winning, are maybe around 20%? Even then, since I don’t really understand Kuro’s true strength I can’t say for sure. I have quite a high evaluation of him, but it’s possible that he exceeds even that.

As for my current strength, even amongst the lower ranked gods it’s the lowest of the low. In comparison, my prediction based on what I glimpsed in the current situation, is that Kuro’s strength is about that of a lower ranked god just a step below a middle ranked god. Normally I’d have no chance of winning. The qualitative difference is something like, if I’m level 1000 then Kuro feels like he’s a step below reaching level 10,000.

However, I have been refining my abilities with the assumption of facing Kuro. Even if I cannot hope to compete in raw power, I’m sharpening my abilities to be something special. I can only win depending upon the gap in affinity. Same as always.

Yes, the same as always. Fighting higher ranked opponents, that’s what I’ve been doing the whole time since I was born into this world. Each time I gained victory using my threads and poison to take them unawares. This will be the same.

Although, that’s a long way off still. I teleport to the Demon King’s location. There, the Demon King and Kuro are waiting. Now then, how shall I begin?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252: The Curse of Kindness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

252 – The Curse of Kindness

「Shiro-chan. So is it true that you’ve been getting up to all sorts of things then?」

The first thing the Demon King asks for, is to demand an explanation. Contrary to the playful mood the Demon King normally always has, she has a dark, preoccupied and dignified voice like you would not believe. Well, that’s the Demon King’s original voice for sure. Before she degenerated by intermingling with one of my clones. Indeed, this is where Balto bows his head in fear, sort of thing. Before the present Demon King, there’s only a very few who wouldn’t be fearful. If you have no need to be scared, then you sure need a lot of resolve. If I’m not the one scared here, it’s going to be one of them, isn’t it? I’m on the “no need to be scared” side though.

Without replying to the Demon King’s question, I open my eyes. The Demon King grimaces for a moment, that’s all. She endured the fear from my eyes.

「What are you playing at?」

A very cold sounding tone. Depending on your answer you won’t get off lightly – that intent comes across clearly to me.

「Secrets.」

Saying that while pointing at Kuro, I lightly dodge the pressure from the Demon King. The Demon King changes target to him.

「What does this mean?」

Kuro stands there unmoving with his arms folded, with his forehead furrowed. Clearly he’s wavering between whether he should answer or not.

「After coming this far, being secretive would be equivalent to betrayal I guess.」

Kuro breathed a heavy sigh, then he opened his mouth speak as if in resignation.

「I’ll start with the conclusion. The degradation of the souls circulating in this world has become severe.」

Hey, isn’t starting from the conclusion jumping ahead too far? Is there someone around who can comprehend the situation from only that?

「How severe?」

There was one! Ehh? Was the Demon King always this quick thinking? Or is it that? As soon as she goes into serious mode she gets smart, or something?

「A portion are already showing signs of soul collapse.」

「Why did you keep this from me?」

「If I’d told you, then what?」

With the heavy atmosphere, both of them sink into silence. Ahh, so uncomfortable. Mind if I leave then? That’s a no, then? Okay then.

「Answer me honestly. With the actions I’ve taken as Demon King, will the recovery of MA Energy be completed?」

「It’s impossible.」

Kuro answers immediately. The Demon King sits with her head down, shoulders trembling.

For her to become the Demon King, just how much determination did she have and hoped for, I can’t even begin to imagine. However, after honouring the Goddess’s directions for so long, this Demon King who watched over the world for so long, for the first time she took action against the Goddess’s will. For this Demon King who honours the Goddess more than any other, that definitely required some serious determination. All the more so since she knew that if she became the Demon King, it was almost certain that she would die.

This is where, I shall show the way.

「In that case we simply destroy the System.」

To the two driven into a hopeless blind alley, they’ll receive my suggestion like it is a dream, I’m sure. Naturally, they’ll completely jump at the offer.

「What do you mean?」

「For the energy used to maintain the System, the MA Energy comprises about 90%. In short, if we can simply supplement the missing 10% from somewhere, then by dismantling the System, we can meet the demands of the MA Energy.」

It’s simple. It’s the System that D, that rotten fiend, developed. It’s not something that you can capture by a frontal assault. There’s definitely a backdoor. Considering D’s personality, the sneaky bastard, then at a place you can’t normally reach, there will be a hidden backdoor.

「Is that, even possible?」

「Shiro-chan, can it be done?」

The two gaze at me. Doubt on the one hand, hope on the other.

「It can. As preparation for that, I had to sacrifice the lot that Kuro had isolated.」

That’s actually not true though. But since it’s not necessarily incorrect then if I say it like this, Kuro will then read too much into it of his own accord and should come to a misunderstanding.

「So, that’s why you did that.」

There, you see.

「I’ll complete all the preliminary work myself. What’s left, is to secure the missing 10%. So that it’s possible to top up a shortage in case of a miscalculation, it’s necessary to target meeting the demands of 15% of the MA Energy.」

How would you achieve that? Cause a war, and in addition to that, one on an unprecedented scale in history. The plan that the Demon King is advancing, needs to be enlarged still further. Also, there’s one other thing.

「Enlarge the scale of the war. In addition, kill the Hero.」

Kuro reacts to that with a twitch. That’s right, Kuro would respond to the killing of the Hero. However, I can’t yield on this.

「Before the System collapses, bring about the end of the Hero System. With the Energy collected from the Hero System, I expect an improvement of about 3%.」

While 3% might sound small, in reality it’s a huge amount of Energy. I want to secure that no matter what. Besides, if I can get rid of the Hero, the survival chances for the Demon King will raise with just that.

The Hero exists to defeat the Demon King. That is a law that disregards the difference in ability. The Demon King will always be beaten by a Hero. Even if the current generation’s Hero is beaten back, then the next one, or the one after. With each passing generation, the likelihood of the Demon King’s victory decreases. It’s not a matter of status or skills, it’s because it is established that way. I cannot conceive that the current Demon King could lose to this generation’s Hero. I cannot conceive it, but it’s better to make doubly sure.

「I guess, such a sacrifice is needed.」

「What started it all, was the negligence of Kuro as the administrator.」

At my words, Kuro’s expression becomes twisted. I sure am cruel. It’s certainly true that if Kuro had done the right thing then the current situation would never have occurred. However, Kuro could never have done such a thing. Like with the Demon King, he’s a pathetic man who prioritised the Goddess’s kindness.

Because of that kindness, the irony is that this world is teetering on the brink of destruction. You could even say it’s a farce. That’s why, I shall destroy it all.

I’m not lying to them. If the System can be compensated for, the Energy needs of this world can be met. However, to destroy the System means that the skills and statuses of this world will be lost. For that which is rooted in the soul, that means nothing other than the forced removal of them. Accordingly, those with many skills, those with high status values, at the time of removal there will be a heavy burden on the soul. Like with sensei recently.

I’m not lying to them. If the System can be destroyed, the world will be saved. However, in compensation for that, that will result in the death of a large amount of this world’s population. I am simply staying silent on that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 252.2: PUNISHMENT TIME (for real)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

253 – PUNISHMENT TIME (for real)

The explanation to Kuro and the Demon King has finished. What they do afterwards is up to each of them. Well, in the situation where they can’t see my hidden cards, if something so tasty is dangled in front of them, it’s obvious that they’ll take the bait though. Kuro still seems to be a bit suspicious, but the Demon King should take the bait. After all, there’s no other option available.

Even if they don’t take the bait then it’s okay. I’ll just have to reveal my hidden cards. Ultimately, the Demon King will definitely come to my side. Then, she should be more than willing to transfer the authority of the Ruler of Gluttony to me. If that happens, then there’s only a few remaining.

I turn away from Kuro and the Demon King, teleporting. It seems the two of them need a bit more time to consider it. After they think it through, they just need to come begging to me. In the other dimension I teleported to, the vampire girl is sullenly standing with a daunting pose. It seems she woke up at some point.

「Who, was that?」

By “that”, I guess she’s referring to Kuro. She thinks that he got in the way of her fight with oni-kun it seems. Or rather, he did actually, yeah.

「Kuro. He’s the same kind as me.」

「The same kind as goshujin-sama.」

When I said he’s the same kind as me, vampire girl made an understanding expression. But, the dangerous light in her eyes doesn’t weaken.

「Let me meet him.」

What’ll you do on meeting him – I don’t even need to ask I guess. She’ll definitely bite his head off. I mean that she’ll literally try to bite his head off. When she found out that he was the same kind as me she should have understood that she has no chance of winning, yet look at this damn battle junkie. Well, it’s not like I have duty to let her meet him anyway.

「No.」

「Why not?」

In the first place, why should I have to go out of my way to do that? Particularly when I know for sure that you’ll cause problems. Do you think that all your desires have to be granted? Aren’t you pushing your luck a BIT too far? It seems I have to make you remember your own position, even if just a bit.

「The man ruined everything just when things were finally getting good. He better take responsibility.」

「I don’t care.」

「I do care though! Let me meet him already!」

「Be silent.」

I raise my voice a little and open my eyes. That instant, vampire girl’s body shakes with a start and she shrinks in fear. Yup, yup. I see you do comprehend the difference in strength. Yet she still flared up at me that much – the fighting instincts of vampires sure are running wild huh. Well, time for a little lecture, including that.

「Envy, you used it didn’t you?」

「What might you be talking about?」

Vampire girl tries to play dumb, but her eyes are swimming like mad. Lies are bad okay, BAD.

「Eyow!」

I grab her cheek hard and pull. You used it didn’t you-u? Lies are bad okay-y? I was watching you know-w?

I pull the cheek that I grabbed around – up and down, left and right. Vampire girl grabs my arm and tries to pull it off somehow, but unfortunately for you with my superior physical strength that’ll just be futile resistance. Humph, even before my apotheosis my physical strength, as part of my offensive ability, vastly exceeded vampire girl’s, so there’s no reason why I would lose now after my upgrade. Did you think those thin arms could beat my thin arms eh? Ah, isn’t it more like mine are thinner? Yeah, let’s ignore the matter of thin arms.

「I’m sorrehy! I’m sorrehy!」

Vampire girl apologies with tears in her eyes, but I’m not going to forgive you yet. Though saying that, there’s nothing left for me to do.

I release vampire girl’s cheek. While at it I connect the dimension to another, inviting the person there in.

「Ojou-sama.」

Vampire girl turns her gaze to Mera, who steps in from the other dimension, as if seeking help.

「Ojou-sama, your charm will not work on me.」

Mera slowly shakes his head, then slaps vampire girl in the face.

「Eh? Eh?」

Vampire girl blinks her eyes with surprise, unable to take in the situation.

「Ojou-sama, would your parents be proud of you as you are now?」

「That’s, that would, eh? Huh? 」

At Mera’s words, vampire girl tries to object by reflex.

「Ojou-sama, to surrender yourself to a vampire’s instincts in self-indulgence, that must have been pleasant I’m sure. Nobody will defy you. Nobody can defy you. Yes, you yourself enticed them after all. Was it like a dream? Or perhaps, did you actually think it was a dream? Did you actually think those incidents were all just in a dream, with no relation to reality?」

The butterfly dream. The current vampire girl is overwhelmed by her desires as a vampire, and the distinction between dreams and reality has become vague I guess. Or perhaps otherwise, it’s that her consciousness as a vampire has become too strong, and her consciousness as a human has been shrugged off completely.

「Ojou-sama, I shall ask again. As you are now, are you walking the life your parents proudly walked?」

Vampire girl doesn’t answer. She can’t answer. The retainer she trusted the most, the one she never thought would betray her has slapped her, waking her from the dream. Her dazed face is slowly becoming pale.

「Ojou-sama, I cannot serve you as my master. That is because my masters are your parents.」

As the subject of her parents is raised, inside of her, vampire girl’s consciousness as a human is jolted.

「Therefore, even if I have become a vampire with you as my “parent”, that cannot overwrite what is in my heart.」

Those words, at first glance, appear to be a snub. To the vampire girl, Mera is a significant existence. He is someone who has continuously supported her at her side since she was a child after all. If she is snubbed by such a man, how will she react.

Vampire girl mutely shakes her head in denial. Those eyes have a suspicious light in them for an instant. But, what brings her back, is a second slap.

「I have already devoted my heart to your parents. I will not hesitate any more. I will doubt no more.」

Vampire girl hangs her head in shame. Her shoulders tremble repeatedly.

「Your parents, have entrusted only one thing to me. To take care of you, ojou-sama. No more than that.」

Slowly, Mera hugs vampire girl in a gentle embrace.

「I was asked to take care of you. I shall watch over you until I die, ojou-sama. I will never abandon you. If you lose your way then I shall remonstrate you. Until you return to the proper path, I shall raise this hand as often as necessary. However, if there is something I can do, then please let me lend a hand.」

In the end, if you ask what is the best punishment, then the most effective one is for a child to be scolded by their guardian. With regards to the circumstances in which vampire girl fell into such a bad state, her guardian Mera not being by her side is likely a significant factor. The Demon King said that if these two were allowed to be together then they would depend upon each other. However, I don’t particularly have a problem with that. Being able to depend upon someone, if that’s the case then isn’t that a blessing in itself? For me, that is something I’ll never be able to do after all.

Whatever happens next is up to the two of them. However, I personally think that the two of them should be allowed to work together as much as possible. I shall discuss that with the Demon King later.

From that dimension, I gently drop off the two of them in Mera’s private room. Okay, it’s the last thing remaining, but I guess I’ll go visit the other reincarnator now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 254: The oni, the spider
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

254 – The oni, the spider

I teleport to the other dimension oni-kun is in. Oni-kun is still unconscious. Well, after being pummelled to that extent, he wouldn’t be about to wake up immediately.

I guess there’s no other way, so I apply some recovery on him. If he recovers too much then it’s possible that Wrath will reactivate, so all in moderation. While looking at his condition after applying the recovery, before long oni-kun starts groaning and then opened his eyes.

「Uh, Wakaba-san?」

Oni-kun murmurs in a quiet voice. Yes, YES. Here’s everyone’s idol, Wakaba Hiiro! Argh, so annoying. Why do I have to substitute for D eh.

「I’m called Shiro here.」

「I see. I’m Wrath. Would you mind addressing me with that?」

Raasu, ah, Wrath huh. I don’t know the circumstances for it, but it seems oni-kun also dislikes being addressed with his previous name. That works for me too. With neither of us prying into the other, there’s now no motivation to discuss our names any further.

「Then, Shiro-san. Where is this?」

Well, you would feel uneasy yeah. The other dimension that we’re currently in, is pretty much in it’s default settings. In other words, it’s nothing but a large space. There’s nothing – not even light. A totally black space. However, it does contain air and such that is the minimum necessary to support life. If not for that, you’d be dying for suffocation, or dying from the abnormal pressure from the vacuum state. Beyond that, the setting has been changed so that it’s not just dark and it’s possible to see. From oni-kun’s point of view, in this pure black space with nothing else, all that’s visible is my own figure in isolation. Well, he would want to know where this was.

「Another dimension that I created.」

「Another dimension. I thought so.」

Oh that’s unexpected, oni-kun murmured “I thought so”. Did he realise that this wasn’t a normal space I wonder?

「I have Space Magic as well after all. I had realised that this wasn’t a normal space.」

Though I’m sure it didn’t show up on my face, oni-kun read between the lines on my doubt and added to his explanation. Ahh, that’s right, it was when he was still like that pseudo goblin. He possessed Space Magic then. I’d forgotten that I’d also interfered and peered inside during the match. Well, it never seemed like it would develop to the level where it could threaten me, so I hadn’t paid much attention to it.

As the level in Space Magic rises, it becomes possible for it to damage even me. It’s true that I’ve specialised in Space Magic, but it’s also because when Space Magic evolves to the level of Dimension Magic, it does have the track record of even delivering an attack on that D. That’s quite an underhanded trick I’m sure, but going by that previous example, then I can’t say that nobody would ever be able to reproduce it. That’s why it’s worth keeping a lookout on Space Magic users, but with oni-kun’s current level I had judged that it wouldn’t be able to affect me.

「There’s many things that I’d like to ask, but is it possible that it’s not just us but the entire class who have been reborn into this world?」

Hm? You’re asking that? Ah, well, I guess so. When someone you know from your previous world appears before you, you would think that I guess. Particularly because in oni-kun’s case, due to him running wild with Wrath he wasn’t in any condition to be able communicate with others anyway. There wasn’t any way to inform him about the situation of the reincarnators.

「Everyone is here.」

「Everyone. That sure is unexpected.」

Though oni-kun says it’s unexpected he doesn’t really look to be that shocked. With the example of me being before him it certainly establishes that there’s some kind of pattern.

Oni-kun in his previous life as Sasajima-kun, had the image of being quite quick-thinking I recall. Something like, he could read the mood on the spot and chose his words appropriately. Though rather than it being like he was worldly wise, it felt more like that he was desperately trying to prevent the peace from being disturbed. Well, being able to speak after reading the mood, that in it’s own way indicates that he’s quick-witted. Talking about his mind here, I don’t necessarily mean in the sense that he’s good or bad at studying. There’s plenty of people who are fools even though they’s good at studying, and conversely there’s also capable people who are bad at studying. In Sasajima-kun’s case, he was reasonably good at studying, so in that sense he is fairly smart.

「Then, Yamada Shunsuke and Ooshima Kanata, do you know if those two are well?」

When oni-kun asks the question “do I know”, he seems confident that I will give him an answer. Well, at the point when I said that everyone in the class is here, it can be predicted that I have knowledge on the reincarnators. I don’t really have a reason to hide it anyway, so I might as well tell him this much. Anyhow, it’s not like oni-kun would be able to find out that I’m not limited to just “having knowledge” either.

「They’re both well.」

One of them has had a sex change though! But she’s well enough, so I’m not lying.

「I see. That’s a relief.」

With just that oni-kun’s face relaxes in what seems like his true feelings. Hrm. I understand this much. Oni-kun is extremely cautious of me. Well, I guess so huh. Suddenly pummelled by some unknown guy in black, then when he wakes up someone he knows from his previous life is there. And in another dimension too. I’m sure it’d be impossible not to be cautious instead huh. Ah, possibly oni-kun is a more simple minded type, if that’s the case, then he should have vented his questions at me whilst he was unable to think normally. My mind went all over the place for a minute there, but after thinking all sorts of things I get the feeling that maybe I hit the bull’s-eye.

Well, for me, that would be preferable I guess. I’d also be grateful if fewer words are needed. But saying that still, I can’t talk so much all in one go! When I was able to talk with the Demon King and Kuro earlier, half of that was because the Demon King was one of them, and the other half was because I had already decided on my words in advance and had practiced my lines you see! So, if you think I’ll be able to fluently reply in a question and answer session where I’ve not determined what to say already, then you’re greatly mistaken! That being the case, oni-kun. Sorry but please be prepared for this to take QUITE a long time. Don’t worry, while we’re in this space, not that much time will pass outside. So go ahead and use up as much time as you want.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 255: Three sentences is my limit!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

255 – Three sentences is my limit!

Q: What happened while I was unconscious?

A: The guy called Kuro beat you up and by making you waste your energy, the power that was sustaining Wrath was completely used up. That’s why you can now stay sane. To confirm that you really wouldn’t activate Wrath for now, I quarantined you safely in another dimension.

Q: Who is “Kuro”?

A: A god of this world. However, he’s an indecisive loser.

Q: What connection does he have with you, Shiro-san?

A: For now he’s cooperating with us. For the sake of convenience he’s expected to be placed under the Demon King.

Q: The Demon King?

A: The Demon King.

Q: Umm, by “Demon King” you mean the king of the demons?

A: Literally no, but you can think of it like that for now.

Q: What about that girl I was fighting?

A: She’s a vampire. She’s currently pretty much living in the demon country. Incidentally, she’s a reincarnator.

Q: What’s her name in the previous world?

A: Negishi Akiko.

Q: Her attitude has really changed.

A: She’s been through a lot.

Q: Is Negishi-san okay?

A: She’s okay. She’s been punished a bit for recklessly fighting you though.

Q: I, I see. I’ve done something bad then I guess.

A: That’s not the case. You don’t need to worry about it.

Q: What are the other reincarnators doing?

A: Most are under protection of sensei with the elves. Some of the others are at a human academy though. Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun are among the academy group.

Q: Is it far from here to that human academy?

A: It’s far.

Q: What will happen to me now?

A: Nothing. Since your sanity has returned you can do what you like.

The end – question and answer session is complete. Well done me, really well done me. Incidentally, as for how much time it took, I’m not going to say. Yeah, I became hungry in the middle and left the room once to go get some food, but it didn’t take that long, really. Yes, really. Let’s just leave it at that.

When I told oni-kun that he can do what he wants, he got a troubled expression instead as if pondering something or other. Well, suddenly being told you can do as you like and being abandoned, I guess you’d be troubled. Should I hand him a lifeline perhaps? We’re basically both reincarnators, so I won’t be stingy on lending a hand.

「If you have nowhere to go, then stay at my place for now?」

I called it “my place”, but it’s really Balto’s. Alternatively I can lend you this other dimension as well. Ah, but, if I’m not here then it’ll become impossible for him to come and go, and he’ll die.

「I could, I guess. To be honest, I really don’t know what I should do from now on.」

And thus, rather than taking in a lost lamb, I’m taking in a lost oni-kun. First of all since him being half-naked is a bit out there, I returned to Balto’s mansion and had the servants pick out some suitable mens clothes, and had him try them on. Because oni-kun under the influence of Wrath had lost his reason, he had the style like an oni out of a fairy-tale with just a single pair of pants to his wardrobe. Him at least just wearing the pants, was perhaps due to the last remaining sense of reason he had.

Then, after he put on the clothes, wafting in the air was this “something ain’t right” feeling. Oni-kun’s face is the same as in his previous life, a Japanese person’s face. Even if his species is an oni, that’s still Japanese style. Japanese clothes or for the sake of argument perhaps some Chinese style armour would be better, but there’s a huge sense of unease with him wearing western clothes. Rather unusually for me, I unthinkingly muttered out loud that “it doesn’t suit you” though. It sure seems that he heard that mutter, and oni-kun seemed to be plainly shocked at it.

Hrm-mm. Somehow it just doesn’t match. After all he’s an oni swordbearer with a purely Japanese face, so try imagining him wearing the clothes of a western aristocrat? Ah, Balto is basically like that, amongst the demons he’s at the very upper echelons, so I guess they only have suits for noblemen stored there. An oni clothed in a nobleman’s suit. Somehow, while the person himself might be able to accept it, I cannot. Oni-kun’s original face has quite well balanced features anyway, and on becoming an oni he’s gotten taller, so he is by no means unattractive. He’s not at all, but there’s this uncomfortable feeling.

Yeah. Let’s go with Japanese clothes. However, Japanese clothes don’t exist though. On the long journey to the Demon King’s castle, we went around all sorts of places, but there were no Japanese clothes. Or rather, Japanese culture itself doesn’t exist. It’s another world so it’s just natural though. I somehow thought that if it’s D then it wouldn’t be strange for her to forcibly establish a fake Japanese culture, but there was none.

If there’s none then I can just make one then. Muhaha. There are no clothes that my threads cannot make! What kind of Japanese clothes would suit him best I wonder?

Ah, before that I gotta talk with Balto. For now, I’ll have oni-kun wait in my own room. When I had asked the servants who went to get the clothes about if there were any available rooms, I heard that half the rooms in the mansion are available. Ah, well, it’s extremely spacious but there’s surprisingly few people after all. The master, Balto, doesn’t come back often either.

There no problem in terms of available space for oni-kun to stay here. I just need to get the OK from the mansion’s master. I teleport to the Demon King’s castle, and knock on the door of the office that Balto uses everyday. Even I have some common sense. As for suddenly teleporting into the middle of a room, it’s not like I’ve never done it but I can’t say I rarely do it either.

「Come in.」

I got permission to enter the room, so I open the door. This really is the Demon King’s castle at the summit of the demons, so normally I should pay attention to how I open the door too, but unfortunately such trivial manners are beyond me. I open the door trying to be as careful as possible. Besides, whenever I’m forced to open my mouth, being helpless with things like tone or number of words are a far bigger problem than mere manners.

While thinking such things I enter the opened door, and there my prey Balto is fighting with documents. That’s fine. It’s always the case that Balto seems about to die from being buried in documents. However, at the reception table in the office, his younger brother also being there looking over documents is unexpected.

「What do you want?」

The hoodlum glared! The spider guards the door!

「Oi! Don’t just up and leave without stating your business!」

Ugh. Why is this guy here? What a blunder. Since I teleported and knocked on the door immediately, I didn’t pay any attention to the possibility of others being there. If I’d known he was here I wouldn’t have wasted my time. Argh, what a pain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 256: I brought a man home, so let him stay < What the fuck!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

256 – I brought a man home, so let him stay < What the fuck!?

These days I want to go home as early as possible. No really, for a middle-class girl like me, I’m really bad with bastards who glare at you like they want to kill you. See, from the point of view of a good citizen, even a “delinquent” is an annoying existence right? Normally you’d avoid them, right? So naturally I’ll return home.

「You just gonna return hey!?」

Ack!? How did he know?

Ugh. Look, my communication skills are weak okay. I’m bad at dealing with intense types like you okay. “Delinquent” types and so on, well, I’ve not really had much to do with them. Until now those around me have mostly been composed types, so they can generally understand me when I say very little, so I’ve been able to get by, but THIS guy is no good. Really, he just comes at me without the slightest regard for my situation.

「Hey, seriously what do you want?」

See, just like this. When talking with the Demon King for example I can just talk, but she’s the exception where I can talk to her normally. Vampire girl doesn’t really want to talk to me in the first place. Argnar and the like will patiently wait for me to begin to talk. But, THIS guy is always forcing me like “speak already, speak right now”.

Umm, what did I come to ask again?

「Hey! We’re busy here okay. State your business already.」

There! Don’t rush me!

「Oni, freeloader, OK?」

See! If you rush me then I can only manage to say a list cryptic words!

「Huh? What’s that mean?」

That’s your fault, yours! Please let me talk at my own pace!

「Blow, you’re crowding Shiro-san and bothering her. In the first place, she did not come here to see you, but me, right?」

「Uh, no, that’s…」

「Back down, okay. Shiro-san, I am sorry about my brother.」

「If you say so, aniki.」

Nice, Balto. You’re not being overworked by the Demon King for nothing. The nice guy who can read the mood.

「Well then, please allow me to hear your request once more.」

Umm, just a moment. Oni, doesn’t make sense so, man? Sheltered, or rather, picked up a man? He’s downhearted so I want to let him recuperate for a while. Yup.

「I picked up a man. I want to put him up at the mansion.」

Ka-thump! As that sound resounds, the hoodlum yelled loudly. What’s this guy doing?

「Wh, what the fuck!?」

Uh, what’s with that halting intonation? Same to you, what the fuck?

「Shiro-san. My place is not a dating spot though. If it is just one person then I shall ignore it, but please keep it to a minimum.」

Hm? Hmm? HMM!?

W, wrong! I don’t mean it that way! Yikes! Now I get why the hoodlum yelled! The words I said, could also be interpreted that way huh!

「Wrong.」

If I don’t bother to correct this my honour will suffer. Though others might grin and ignore me while I deny everything, I’d hate to be labelled that way.

［It’s true. It just happened to be someone who looked like me, so please don’t think of me as a cheap woman or something.］

I felt like I heard that somehow but it’s just your imagination. Dear maid, there’s an idle god here. Please drag her away immediately.

「Y, yo, you, ha, have a guy!?」

Bug off shut up die! It was a slip of the tongue.

「He’s an old friend. He may be useful for the war.」

I make a plea that we don’t have such a relationship, plus I hint about potential gains. With this, setting aside the hoodlum, I should at least be able to get Balto to assent! I don’t know how useful he would actually be in practice though.

「Ahh, so that’s what it was. In that case then there is no problem. By the way, how useful do you think he would be?」

There, you see. A reasonable man is quite different after all. Totally different from the still trembling dim-witted hoodlum.

「Significantly.」

「Is that so. Then that sure is promising.」

Balto showed a strained seeming face for an instant, but I’ll pretend I never saw it. Balto is also assisting the Demon King out of sheer terror only, so like with Argnar he can’t be fully trusted. If he thinks our power has weakened, he would become dangerous to us without hesitation. Even then Balto is opposed to increasing the strength of the Demon King’s army.

Well, Balto’s concern is wide of the mark though. Oni-kun hasn’t even met the Demon King anyway. I don’t know how oni-kun’s feels about this yet either, so it’s up to him to decide what to do next. Whether he actually wants to help our war efforts, or not, that’s still a theoretical question. I have no intention to force him. However, if by his own will he decides to stand in opposition to me then I won’t show mercy.

「I shall contact the mansion myself. I am sure that there are plenty of rooms that are available.」

「Thank you.」

At my thanks, Balto shows a surprised expression. I can show gratitude at least you know.

I’ve gotten Balto’s permission, so there’s nothing else here for me. I’ll clear out before the hoodlum recovers from his freeze.

＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊＊

「Blow.」

「Uwah!? Aniki, where is she?」

「She left long ago.」

「I, I see.」

「From the look of things, it seems he’s not her boyfriend.」

「Well, it’s not like, I particular care about that though!」

「Blow, I can’t really recommend her, but what is good about her?」

「Wh, what are you talking about?」

「Sigh. My little brother who wasn’t interested in romance all this time, to think he’d then go for someone so incredibly difficult.」

「You’re wrong! It’s just that, when I see her, I suddenly get these intense palpitations!」

「Sigh.」

Author’s comment:

The suspension bridge effect: This is that when encountering the opposite sex in moments of anxiety or fear that those are mistaken for romantic feelings. Particularly when anxiety or fear leads to intense palpitations, that is said to become mistaken for feelings of love.

Translation notes:

This is quite an interesting title, though hopefully it makes more sense on reading the chapter. Basically, the “<” character is an arrow indicating that the “what the fuck” part is a reaction to the rest of the line.

It’s hard to keep the distinction in the translation but there’s a very big difference between how Blow and Balto speak with Shiro. Balto is smooth and polite while Blow is more like a yakuza and refers to Balto as “aniki” which is like a “rougher” (street tough) version of “onii-san”. When it’s just them together, Balto speaks more casually.

“Sheltered, or rather, picked up a man” – the word for “picked up” that Shiro uses here is rather more generic and can also mean “take care of” but it normally means something like “picked up” as in “picked up a stone”.

“Dear maid, there’s an idle god here” – most likely a reference to D (last seen being dragged away by maids). btw, note that the quoted line above uses［…］rather than 「…」to differentiate between real spoken text and made up lines.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-27: Blood of a demon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 27 – Blood of a demon

「Ojou-sama, would your parents be proud of you as you are now?」

Merazofis’s words are still reverberating through my head. To me, those words bring about a shock like I’m being hit with a blunt weapon.

When I tried to think back on things, I became aware that my recent behaviour had become erratic. I would use Charm to abduct boys and devour their blood. If the me from my previous life saw this, such scenes would make her faint.

Despite that, such actions didn’t even leave much of an impression on me. As if it was completely natural, I committed those deeds without any self-awareness. Thinking back on it, it was abnormal. But despite that, even though I’m self-aware of that abnormality, even now I don’t have any particular feelings for my actions.

Those abnormalities, were normal.

Before I knew it, my body and even my heart too had been reduced to a vampire. When I think about that, I become somewhat sad. It’s like “ahh, I cannot return to being human anymore.” Conversely I could say however, that in the end it’s only to the degree that I was somewhat sad.

Since I fought that “kijin”, one day has passed and I returned to the academy. At the academy, the incident is being called the act of a mysterious monster, and that the appearance and abilities of that monster are unknown. All the witnesses apart from me had been killed anyway, and there are no longer any traces of the battle in the forest. I can only think that the kijin was destroyed by some unimaginable might.

At the academy, it’s established that I exterminated the demon. That’s half right and half wrong. It’s true that I fought that kijin, but the one who defeated him is likely that Kuro who is the same kind as goshujin-sama. Since he handled me as easily as breathing, it’s certain that the kijin that I was fighting equally with also suffered the same fate.

I don’t know what happened to that kijin afterwards. Merely that goshujin-sama warned me not to say anything stupid. However, based on what I hear at the academy, I realise that somehow or other goshujin-sama has intervened to distort the facts. That being the case, then if I ask goshujin-sama, I should be able to find out what happened to that kijin.

However, I’ve been unable to ask. When I have no business with her, goshujin-sama will just suddenly appear, but at times like this I can just never get hold of her. That’s because, although she’s a spider, she wanders around whimsically like a cat. Thanks to that I’m at my wit’s end.

In addition, Merazofis’s words, like something persistently stuck between your teeth, leaves me unsettled. Would my parents be proud? To my human parents, there’s no way that they would be proud of how I am now. I am a vampire. My way of thinking and my values, even my way of life are all different. Something like being proud to be human, has been thrown away long ago. Even then, it was without any kind of deep feeling – about as casually as trash would be thrown away into a rubbish bin. So much so that if that hadn’t been pointed out to me, I wouldn’t even have realised it.

However, I changed now that I’ve realised it. I now clearly realise the difference between a human and a vampire. I realise it completely.

「Sophia, apparently you defeated a terrible monster? You’re as amazing as ever.」

The prince of the academy, Waldo bestowed upon me those words of praise. Normally I would have simply have said “thank you” spontaneously. However, today I can’t do that.

「Ojou-sama, would your parents be proud of you as you are now?」

As if like a rumour that can’t be shut out by closing your ears, Merazofis’s words echo distinctly. At the same time that happened, I casually appraised Waldo, and written in his status’s abnormal conditions was the word “Charm”.

I feel nauseous. I couldn’t help turning my back on Waldo and breaking into a run. Along the way many people I recognised also called out to me. Each time, the nausea got even worse.

I dived into the toilets and shut myself away. Though I felt nauseous, the only thing that came out from my mouth was a muffled groan. After a while I got control of my mouth, and leant against the toilet wall.

This is nostalgic somehow. Though I’d never done this in my current life, in my previous life I had often taken refuge in the toilets like this. Though because the toilets had pointlessly strong smelling perfume, it just made my mood even worse and it wasn’t a place I particularly wanted to take refuge in. I couldn’t help it since there was nowhere else I could seek refuge in.

Just what am I doing? I was reborn and I have changed. I’ve become so beautiful that my ugly appearance in my previous life is hard to believe, and my grades at the academy are always at the top. The things that were unobtainable in my past life, have been obtained entirely. Maybe that’s why. I have changed, all too much.

This existance of mine, has almost no traces left of the former human known as Negishi Akiko. The only thing remaining, is my envy towards goshujin-sama. The fact that that remains, it’s as if it’s emphasizing my own ugliness, I can’t laugh even if I wanted to.

Ugly. As I am now, when judged by the human value system, I’m a monster that’s ugly from the bottom of my heart. But despite that, I carried everything out calmly, without a fragment of guilt, without any doubt, I accepted it as a matter of course. That was, as a result of it being natural for a vampire.

As a vampire, I think as I am now is entirely correct. That this is an everyday occurrence for a vampire. In practice, that was actually an everyday occurrence.

「Ojou-sama, would your parents be proud of you as you are now?」

At least until Merazofis asked me that. Pride? What is pride? After all this time, what can I say I’m proud of?

If, my parents were still alive, what would they think when looking at me now? All the servants who were sacrificed in order to let me escape. How would they see me?

When I considered that far, I impulsively pulled out my elongated canine teeth. The sweet taste of blood spread through my mouth. To actually think that my own blood is tasty, I’m finally finished as a human. I hurl away my canines into the middle of the toilet. However, the next moment new canines have grown out, returning like never before as if to deny the very fact that I had pulled them out. As if they’re telling me that I can never return, I stare in a daze at the canines that I had pulled out.

When I shouldn’t even consider being able to live as a human anymore, just what is pride for then. I don’t know. I just don’t know. If it was going to be like this, I’d rather never have gained self-awareness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-11: The status quo
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 11 – The status quo

I accepted Shiro-san’s kind offer and have taken up residence at a large mansion. While I am grateful, to be honest though, I’m not used to this. Since half the time in this world I’ve been living in run-down houses and the other half I’ve been roaming around having lost control of myself due to Wrath. There were times when I was able to stay at a vacant house that had no owner, or had just lost an owner, but I’ve never been able to stay at something magnificent like this mansion. Or rather, I feel like I’ve never even seen a mansion so magnificent even including my previous life. This mansion is so large it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call it a small castle.

After being here for several days, I’ve been able to ask the mansion’s servants about various things. If possible I would have preferred to ask Shiro-san, but she’s not someone who talks very often anyway. She wasn’t talkative in her previous life either, but here she is almost silent. When we had that exchange after our reunion in the other dimension, I became keenly aware of that fact. The fact that it’s difficult to communicate with Shiro-san.

Thus, little by little I asked questions to the people who are the mansion’s servants. I had actually wanted to ask all in one go, but because they had jobs to do I felt awkward about interrupting them for a long period. However, maybe it’s because of that, but I think I’ve been able to learn the names and faces of the mansion’s servants and been able to talk with them in a fairly relaxed manner. I’m more or less treated as a guest, but I don’t have any kind of social position though. Rather than a guest, when I requested that I be thought of as a simple freeloader, I was treated more like a random young child. Thanks to that I’ve been able to have various conversations, and I’ve been able to find out what I wanted to know, even if only gradually.

Firstly, it seems this is a country of demons. Before I knew it I’d left the human country, and it seems that I’d walked into the demon territory. However, it couldn’t be helped that I hadn’t realised that either. There’s no visible differences between humans and demons anyway, and there’s no significant difference in lifestyles. If nobody had said so, I wouldn’t have realised that they were demons.

In addition, it seems that there’s almost nobody who are demi-human, as I am called. For the demons around me, image-wise I had expected a horde of devils, but there’s no demons with wings or horns. In short, if I don’t hide my horns then it’s likely that I would stand out. If I happen to go outside, it seems that it would be better to wear a cap to conceal my horns.

Next, it seems that none of the servants really understand Shiro-san’s true identity, so there’s various rumours flying around. The Demon King’s close aide, the Demon King’s younger sister, the Demon King’s fixer, and so on. I had heard that she seemed to be an acquaintance of the Demon King, but when I heard it again from other people I was surprised. Even so, after analysing the numerous speculations, it sure seems that she is quite close to the Demon King. There is the opinion that their faces look vaguely similar, so maybe they are actually near relatives. However, that’s purely at the limit of rumours, so unless I actually ask her myself then I’m sure I wouldn’t find out the truth.

There’s many mysteries about Shiro-san. While it is certain that she is a reincarnator like me, I don’t know what she’s been doing in this world to date. I’m somewhat interested in that. At any rate, it’s clear that she’s even stronger than me.

Even if I say so for myself, I’m strong. I’m strong enough that there was a time when I even wondered if there was actually anyone who could beat me. Without any pretence, I think that my strength when Wrath is activated even stands out at a global level. But despite all that, it only took seeing her for an instant to realise that I cannot beat her. Without even using the appraisal stone. I don’t even really understand why I thought that myself to be honest though. However, my intuition about that, was closer to being a conviction.

If forced to give a reason, I would say that it was due to that other dimension. I have dabbled in Space Magic myself, so I was able to read between the lines in considering how absurd a thing that other dimension really was, though not entirely. That vast area that seemed to extend forever. That space where even the flow of time was manipulated. If I hadn’t recognised the face of the person who had created it, I might even have thought that it was the work of a god.

A god, huh. What I just recalled, was that man in black who defeated me during that battle. When facing me who had activated Wrath, that man was able to defeat me as easily as handling a child. When Wrath was activated my status should have hit the maximum possible values. Against that, it shouldn’t normally be possible to knock someone down with casual ease. Shiro-san called that man a god. I feel like I should ask what her relationship is with a god, but I wonder if she would simply answer me.

Well, speak of the devil. Shiro-san has visited my room. Her entire body being uniformly white in appearance gives her a special aura, and combined with her inherent beauty somehow brings about a sense of unapproachable holiness. Considering what’s changed compared to her previous existence, not only the hair on her head but her eyebrows and even the colour of her skin has become white. In addition, it also seems to be the case that her eyes are always closed. I don’t really know why her eyes are closed though. However, according to the servants’ rumours, when her eyes open your soul gets sucked out, apparently.

When I invite Shiro-san into my room, I noticed that there was someone unexpected behind her.

「You’re!」

It seems this was unexpected to her as well, as her eyes had opened wide. She’s the vampire girl who had fought me on at least equal terms back then. If I can believe Shiro-san’s words, she should likewise be a reincarnation of a former classmate, Negishi Akiko-san, but… what’s this dangerous personality that seems about to try to cast magic at me the instant we meet?

「Augh!」

Negishi-san’s magic, was stopped by Shiro-san. Amazing. In an instant just now, she interfered with the magic construction, crushing it. As to what kind of skill she used to allow her to pull off such a stunt, I have no real idea. Incidentally, the reason for Negishi-san’s cry was because Shiro-san drove a roundhouse kick into her side almost as an afterthought. It seems entirely unnatural, but on receiving that kick Negishi-san’s body didn’t so much as quiver, but instead it seems the kick simply folded into her body. Or rather, is Negishi-san allright? Her body has been bent into a くshape on the spot and blood is gushing out of her mouth though. Bones and so on that should never be broken on a human body have been broken okay?

Shiro-san looks at Negishi-san’s condition, and slowly forces her crooked body back to normal. From Negishi-san’s mouth comes an unbearable scream that can’t really be described. Just hearing that scream could drive you insane. However, that wound regenerated so quickly that maybe I should be impressed about that instead.

This situation has been incredible since the start, but what’s going to happen next?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-28: Reunion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 28 – Reunion

When goshujin-sama asked me to come visit someone with her, the location was at the mansion that goshujin-sama stays at. That part was fine. It’s not like this is the first time that goshujin-sama has ordered me to do something anyway, and it’s not been limited to one or two occasions when I’ve been asked to do something crazy.

However, I’d never have expected that at the destination of our visit, that the one waiting for us was my opponent from our death match just the other day. When I unthinkingly tried to activate my magic, I was kicked by goshujin-sama. My HP stopped just short of vanishing completely. It’s a relief that today at least it didn’t drop to zero. Perhaps she thought that it would be bad if the mansion was destroyed, as I was constrained by threads before I was kicked. The oni who saw this pulled away, but it’s troubling since this is normal for goshujin-sama.

Then goshujin-sama personally handed that oni a book and also a full set of dougi-like clothes that looked suitable for kendo, then quickly left somewhere. On leaving she also handed me a book, so I’m sure she telling me to read it, but what else am I supposed to be doing here?

For now, I glared at the oni. Those clothes are unmistakably handmade by goshujin-sama. I have received some in the past as well, but goshujin-sama seems to like making clothes, surprisingly. From the quality of the workmanship you might wonder if they were professionally made. Well, maybe it’s goshujin-sama’s tastes, but they’re mostly very simple and understated though. That the clothes handed to the oni, have good craftsmanship, are simple, and most of all cannot be appraised, all substantiate them being made by goshujin-sama. It’s the same for goshujin-sama herself, but the clothes made from threads that goshujin-sama created cannot be appraised either.

Well, never mind the clothes. The problem is, why did she make them as a present for the oni? For goshujin-sama to actually make a present, there’s been no exceptions apart from me, Merazofis and Ariel-san! Why does someone who’s just turned up from nowhere get a present!? I don’t really understand why, but I’m getting irritated.

「Even if you weren’t glaring so much, I still wouldn’t have any hostility towards you any more though.」

The oni spoke. I was glaring because of the present of clothes that goshujin-sama gave you though, but I’ll ignore that on this occasion.

「So you can speak then.」

When I was fighting him he didn’t even speak once, and not only that but it was unclear if he had the ability to speak in the first place. Seemingly insane, he did nothing but radiate the urge to kill. That’s why I never even considered that he could speak, but certainly the oni in front of me is completely different and has a calm attitude. His mood is so completely different that it almost makes you wonder if he’s really the same person.

「That’s because at that time I was under the influence of Wrath and had lost my sanity. Currently that influence of Wrath is almost gone, so I can act on my own will now.」

Wrath, that was, a skill the oni has, right? He lost his sanity due to its influence? In addition, based on those comments, then he couldn’t have been acting on his own will before?

「Wrath is one of the skills that I have, and when it’s activated my sanity is lost. In addition, there’s no guarantee that it’ll return. The compensation I paid for activating Wrath too much, was to completely lose my sanity, reducing me to an existence that would just indiscriminately kill everything that it notices. At some point along the way my consciousness returned for some reason, so I can still remember you though.」

Perhaps in response to the doubt expressed on my face, the oni gives me a proper explanation. Losing your sanity and running wild, huh. What a crazy skill.

「To actually use a skill like that, are you a fool?」

「I cannot deny it. However, I should explain that I was forced to use it though.」

「It seems implausible that a monster like you would fall into a situation where you had to rely on such a skill though.」

At my words, the oni smiled bitterly.

「Aren’t we both monsters I wonder?」

How rude! Is what I would like to say, but I can’t deny it though.

「Of course I wasn’t always this strong. At the start I was definitely weak, and after that it was nothing but near death experiences.」

「I see. You’re neither human or demon, right? Could it be, that you evolved from a monster?」

Goshujin-sama said she evolved from a spider monster into her current humanoid form, so maybe this oni was the same.

「Yeah. I was a goblin at the start.」

「Huh?」

A goblin? A goblin as in THE goblin? I didn’t really look at games or manga much, but even still I at least know about goblins. A weak green monster that’s as tall as a child, right?

「You’re kidding aren’t you?」

「It’s true. I was born a goblin. That’s what I meant by being weak.」

It seems he really was a goblin. In that case, having evolved from such a weak goblin, maybe this guy deserves some respect in certain ways.

「When I was weak, I had to depend upon the power of Wrath to be able to survive. If I hadn’t done that, then I would have died a long ago by now I’m sure. To die, or to be engulfed by Wrath, those were the only two choices that I had.」

How courageous. I think I’ve had quite a courageous life myself, but in terms of going through situations where you have to make extreme choices to have a chance to survive, I’ve had some myself. There was a time when it seemed like I could die any day at least.

「Instead of standing around talking, how about sitting down?」

At the oni’s prompting, I sit in the suggested chair.

「Since this is an opportunity where reincarnators have met, there’s lots of things I’d like to talk about.」

I unconsciously uttered “Eh?” in response.

「Eh?」

Silence.

「You’re Negishi Akiko-san, right?」

How does he… wait, it has to be goshujin-sama eh.

「I see, you were a reincarnator then.」

Now that I say it, it makes sense. Both why goshujin-sama went out of her way to make us meet, and also why she sent the clothes.

「Eh?」

「Eh?」

Silence. Why does he raise his voice in doubt at that? The oni has a strange expression, perhaps he’s stumped, or perhaps he’s embarrassed.

「Ahh, so that’s it. I guess so. Many months and years have passed already, so you don’t even remember your classmates’ faces huh.」

What’s he saying, wait a minute. Now that he says it, I get the feeling that I’ve seen him somewhere before. After I reincarnated I had a completely different face so I hadn’t thought about it, but goshujin-sama has her original face though. Then, this guy as well? Now that I look closely, though he has horns and the colour of his eyes is red, he has a Japanese looking face.

「I am Sasajima Kyouya. However, I use the name Wrath here. Please treat me favourably once more.」

Sorry. Even after hearing your name I still can’t really remember you.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-12: Awkward
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 12 – Awkward

This is so awkward. Since my face wasn’t any different to before my reincarnation, I had been under the impression that Negishi-san knew who I was the whole time for sure. However, considering her reactions, it seems that she doesn’t remember me at all. Even when I said my name she only responded in a subdued manner. It seems she then became a bit flustered and glossed over it by saying, “Sasajima-kun huh, I remember”, but her face suggests that she can’t remember, so it’s obviously a lie. Shiro-san has a considerable poker face so I couldn’t read her emotions, but Negishi-san is the type who openly shows her emotions on her face it seems.

Even so, this is embarrassing. I was under the impression that she remembered me and so on all this time, so I feel so self-conscious about it that it’s really embarrassing! Though after I said it, since many years have passed, I guess it’s natural not to be able to remember your classmates’ faces. In my case, though I can remember Negishi-san, that’s solely due to her deep presence.

Negishi Akiko-san. She had an especially uncertain existence in the class. Her appearance itself had a strong impact, but it was really her actions that left a strong impression. Negishi-san would spend most of the morning classes nodding off. Even if the class president Kudou-san warned her, all that she would get back was a glint in the eye that seemed to harbour an intent to kill. From that alone I instinctively realised that she was dangerous. She was isolated from the rest of the class as if it was natural.

That Negishi-san sure has changed. Before, when she looked at others it was only ever with a glare of hatred in her eyes, but now her expressions change frequently. With her high-handed manner of speaking as well, I somehow get the feeling that she’s acting tough, and her childishness seems appropriate for her age. Because she has reincarnated, she should have a higher mental age than she looks though.

Whether that change is a good thing or not, that is not something for me to decide. If she is okay with it herself, then that should be fine. From my point of view, she’s become much easier to get along with though.

Though I think so, I still feel awkward. I have been forgotten, but we did try to kill each other just the other day though. Why did Shiro-san leave without saying anything? With the mood in this room and just the two of us, it’s a high hurdle to clear.

「Humph. Could you please not call me Negishi? My name now is Sophia Keren. Please call me by that name.」

It doesn’t seem like she’s saying that to match me naming myself as Wrath though. I have a different reason why I don’t like to be called by my old name. She probably hated herself in her previous life. That’s because, it’s clear from the behaviour that she showed that she found everything around her in her previous life to be seemingly odious.

「I understand. Then, I shall call you Sophia-san from now on.」

I don’t have any reason not to. I can’t deny something I ask for myself anyway.

「So, what did Shiro-san want us to do?」

I’ll ask that to change the subject. If we continue to talk about the subject of our names, I think that we’ll both recall bitter memories after all.

「I don’t know.」

「Eh?」

However, I didn’t expect that answer.

「I don’t know. I wasn’t told anything.」

「Umm.」

You came here without being told anything? Ahh, now that you mention it, if she’d been told something, she wouldn’t have tried to attack me as soon as we met I guess.

「So, it was really just for us to meet?」

「I wouldn’t think so. Shouldn’t there be something written in this book?」

Sophia-san holds up a book. I look down at the book that Shiro-san also handed to me.

Shiro-san handed me a book and some clothes. The clothes were, a dougi and hakama, some Japanese socks, and this cloth that I’d rather not think about, but maybe it’s a loincloth? No matter how I look at them it appears to be a complete set of samurai clothes or similar, so is she telling me to wear these then? I was pretty much raised as a modern person, so I’m reluctant to wear these clothes that make me feel like a cosplayer though. Well, considering that when I had Wrath activated I was pretty much only in underwear, then this is much better though. Let’s put the clothes on hold until later.

So, with regards to the book, there’s nothing written on the front cover. It’s not that thick, so it’s more like a notebook. When I start leafing through it, there’s something hand written.

『Shiro-chan’s basic skills course』

That title is written in excessively cute rounded handwriting. In addition, it’s illustrated with what appears to be a cartoonish spider character jumping for joy or something.

「What, is this?」

「Who knows? Maybe she wrote it after getting drunk or something?」

What’s that supposed to mean? My mental image of Shiro-san just collapsed. Alcohol? She drinks it?

「When goshujin-sama drinks alcohol her personality changes. It’s better to regard goshujin-sama as a different person when she’s drunk.」

I see. HM!?

「Goshujin-sama?」

Somehow, I just can’t allow that word to pass without comment. What, “goshujin-sama”!? That’s your relationship!?

「Excuse me, could you please not imagine something strange? Goshujin-sama and I aren’t in a strange relationship okay!」

「No, no! What’s with the “goshujin-sama”!? That term of address itself is strange, surely!?」

「There’s no way that I’m calling her that because I want to! I’m under a curse!」

「Curse?」

「Indeed. A curse where I cannot call goshujin-sama anything other than goshujin-sama.」

What an insane curse!

「For what reason was such a curse placed on you then…?」

「Who knows? It’s an offense she committed while drunk after all.」

「Isn’t there some way to undo it?」

「It seems it’s not possible. It’s actually such a strong curse that in fact maybe I should be grateful that it ended up no worse than a silly prank.」

I’ve just seen a cruel curse being squandered. Or rather, my mental image of Shiro-san who would invoke such a curse is steadily collapsing inside of me though.

「Anyway, let’s read our books. There doesn’t appear to be a lot of content, so we should be able to read it quickly I’m sure.」

I guess she doesn’t want to talk about the curse any further, as Sophia-san forcibly changes the topic. Then, she immediately opened the book and took a posture of reading it. Seeing her end the conversation so unilaterally, I’m simply shocked. Well, I can understand that our relationship is strained after the death match, but even while I understand I’m still depressed. Maybe I’m starving for conversation more than I had realised. With a fellow reincarnator, maybe I was hoping for someone to talk with on a similar level or something. While thinking that, I turn my attention to the book as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-29: Can we get past page 1. of the book? It might be a serious challenge for some…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Can we get past page 1 of the book? It might be a serious challenge for some…

For what it’s worth, I’m now 10 chapters behind the current raws. However, I’ll be away most of next week and won’t be translating anything until I’m back. I should be able to get the next two chapters done before I leave though.

Blood 29 – Bafflement

This is bad, really bad. How did you have a conversation with people again? Argh, I don’t know. It’s rare for goshujin-sama to actually talk in the first place, and when she’s drunk it’s like she doesn’t even hear what I’m saying and just unilaterally monologues. Without using hypnotism, it’s been so long since I’ve actually had a normal sane conversation that I’ve forgotten how.

Still, it’s good that I had mentally prepared in advance to use a haughty tone that doesn’t appear condescending, but, is this working? He’s not thinking I’m being strange, right? It seems like I might have been able to fool him that I’d forgotten his name, or rather, his entire existence.

While pretending to be reading the book, I glance up at the oni, Wrath. He’s reading with a serious expression, so it seems that he’s not worried about my situation. If that’s the case, then I’m angry that he’s acting like I don’t even exist. Though it’s good that I voluntarily proposed to read the book because it was hard to continue the conversation, it’s awkward for this silence to continue like this.

Besides, what’s with this book? This is goshujin-sama we’re talking about, so she probably wrote the book because she hates to talk, but comparing the effort involved to make the book and the effort involved to talk, it should be more difficult to make the book though. If you’re going to intervene then we could both be a bit more taciturn though. When it’s one-to-one isn’t it unnatural to not answer something that must be heard no matter what?

Complaining to someone who isn’t here will get you nowhere though. I’ll read the book for now. Let’s see, Shiro-chan’s basic skills course? I should praise you for this amazing ability to kill any enthusiasm to read any further at the very first page. As I’ve come to expect from goshujin-sama, in terms of being able to make me irritated she’s the best in the world indeed. What’s this, aiming to play up your cuteness when you normally don’t even have the slightest bit of civility? Are you messing around?

Ahh, not good, not good. I should read it properly.

『A skill is the transformation of part of the soul, in order to easily draw out the power of the soul that all living things possess.』

Huh?

『Therefore, a skill is equivalent to being a part of the soul, and the more skills you gain the greater the amount of the soul becomes usable. By itself the soul has a natural limit, which leads to a limit on the number of skills that can be retained as well, but in order to forcibly mature the soul beyond those limits, there exists in this world the System that increases the number of skills.』

Erm. There should be immensely important things written here, yet as emphasis next to every letter is a little motif of a spider that’s wildly dancing or something, so I can’t concentrate on the words.

『However, in contrast to these normal skills that only transform no more than the surface region of the soul, there exist some special skills that transform the inner region of the soul. These are the Seven Deadly Sins skills and the Seven Virtues skills. Commonly called the Ruler skills.』

The Seven Deadly Sins. My Envy is also one of those, right? The Wrath skill that Wrath has too. It’s a bit late, but I guess I shouldn’t mock his naming sense for calling himself Wrath, should I?

『Because the Ruler skills transform the inner region of the soul, a comparison can be made to the effects that other skills have on the owner. One, the effects of the skill itself are powerful. Two, each skill also has an impact on the owner’s personality. Three, the more it is used the more the soul is eroded. Therefore, unless usage of the Ruler skills is avoided, then before long the personality will be completely taken over.』

Wait a second. I’ve not heard this important information before. If it’s used, your personality will be taken over!?

「That skill erodes your soul, just like that oni, don’t use it if you don’t want to lose sight of yourself」

I recall the words said by the man in black when he barged into my fight with Wrath. Then, this is what he was referring to? In that case, Wrath had his soul taken over by Wrath? Or perhaps, he was holding out on the brink of being taken over?

This time I take a good look at Wrath. He’s still seriously reading the book as before, and not paying any notice of me. That indicates just how important the contents of the book are to Wrath. In other words, it’s because he’s experienced it himself huh.

It’s not somebody else’s problem for me either. Because I have the skill of Envy after all. So this is what goshujin-sama meant when she said not to use this skill. I’ve always thought this, but your words are way too brief! If you’d explained things properly then I wouldn’t have used it.

『There’s four possible countermeasures. One, don’t acquire a Ruler skill in the first place. Two, abstain from using the skill. Three, tough it out with guts. Four, put effort into the Heresy Resistance skill, and acquire Heresy Nullity.』

The third one is ridiculous so I’ll ignore it. Finally, I’ve understood the reason why Wrath and I were made to meet this time.

『Heresy Resistance counteracts against negative effects that would directly interfere with the soul. With Heresy Nullity, the power of attacks from within the System can be almost nullified. That applies equally to the Ruler skills. To be able to freely exercise Ruler skills while keeping the negative influences to a minimum, this method is the most suitable.』

In short, she’s telling both Wrath and I to raise our Heresy Resistance together. Hmm. The book does continue, but the rest can be left to later.

「Do you have a moment?」

「What?」

This guy, he’s not even raising his face despite me calling out to him – you’ve got some nerve.

《 Proficiency requirements met. You have gained the skill [Dignity LV1] 》

I acquired some kind of skill it seems, but I’ll look at it later.

「Do you posses Heresy Magic?」

「I do.」

「I see. Then, shoot the weakest one at me.」

「Huh?」

Wrath finally raised his face.

「Oh? Could it be that you cannot understand the book?」

I’ll go with some slightly disparaging words. As if he really doesn’t understand, Wrath makes a puzzled expression. This sense of superiority sure is nice. I’m the one who understands what goshujin-sama wants to say. Naturally, I’ve not been together with her since a baby for nothing. There’s still many things about her that are impossible to understand though.

「In short, to suppress the effects of the Ruler skill, Heresy Nullity must be acquired. I’m telling you to strike me with Heresy Magic in order to acquire it.」

This time Wrath makes an understanding expression but it looks like there’s something he doesn’t understand still.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-13: Resistance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 13 – Resistance

The book that Shiro-san handed to me, contains information that I had wanted know. The method to suppress Wrath. However, Sophia-san’s reaction on seeing that was unexpected. In order to acquire Heresy Resistance, blast Heresy Magic at her? It’s like ordering someone to hit you in order to become strong at taking a hit. It certainly might be effective, but why are you taking the initiative to use the most painful method already, when there might be other methods. I have trouble understanding her. In addition, she’s declaring that with a self-satisfied look for some reason, so it’s even more incomprehensible.

There’s many methods available to raise a resistance. Firstly, as Sophia-san is currently attempting to put into practice, is to receive an attack with that attribute. This method has the greatest potential for earning proficiency. However, being able to acquire the resistance, means that an equivalent amount of that attribute’s damage must be received as well. If you want to become stronger against fire then you have to let your body get burnt by fire. To put it bluntly, it’s torture. If you intend to proceed with that, you either need to be in a situation where you absolutely have to acquire that resistance as a last resort, or you’re an idiot, or perhaps you possess special inclinations where that option brings feelings of pleasure. Please don’t tell me it’s that, okay?

The safest method, is to acquire magic or attack skills with the same attribute, and then develop them. For resistances, if you possess the corresponding attribute attack skills, then the proficiency will naturally be increased. The reason why I have high resistances in fire and lightning, is because that has had a significant influence. The timing with which the proficiency increases, is when the corresponding attack skill’s level rises, or when your own level rises. It seems that the proficiency obtained during everyday living is miniscule, but I still think that the proficiency is mainly earned in connection with your level.

The final method, is to assign skill points and then raise the proficiency. Skill points aren’t just for acquiring new skills, and by investing points into skills that were previously gained, it is possible to increase the proficiency. I might have used up all all my previous skill points, but it’s possible to safely and securely earn the proficiency.

Apart from those methods, the rest depend on quite unusual methods. For example, to evolve into a race that has the corresponding resistance at a high level. The Ice Dragon that I have fought previously had Nullity level ice resistance for example. However, this method depends on being able to evolve in the first place, so you might as well choose a humanoid species. I might have possibly had the potential through the course of evolution, but for humans and demons it’s basically impossible for them to evolve in the first place. I wonder if vampires can evolve? Even if they can, I don’t know if an evolutionary race with the resistance exists.

However, with regards to the current situation, Shiro-san has already given us an answer.

「Have you read the book to the end?」

「Eh?」

「This bit. Look.」

『The quickest method to acquire Heresy Nullity is to acquire the Patience skill. Patience is also one of the Seven Virtues skills, but it is the exception in that it has no negative influences on the soul. Not only that, on top of obtaining a certain amount of resistance, you can acquire Heresy Nullity via the title.』

「See?」

At the point where I indicate, that explanation appears. If I can acquire that skill, I can automatically obtain Heresy Nullity.

Sophia-san’s face freezes, still with her self-satisfied look. With her expression staying the same, her face turns bright red. She’s embarrassed. It’s so obvious.

「Of course I’ve read it! However, the Patience skill is one the Ruler skills, right? At any one moment only one person in the world can acquire a Ruler skill, so why don’t you notice my generosity in conceding it to you I wonder? I’m telling you to help me raise my resistance because I’ll concede Patience to you!」

Sophia-san is talking without pause with her face bright red. It seems she’s somehow desperately trying to hide her own error with deception. She’d be rather pitiful if I pointed this out, so I guess I’ll go with her suggestion.

「I see. Sorry, that was insensitive of me. In that case, I shall presume upon your kindness, Sophia-san.」

Actually, this would help me immensely. I’m currently able to hold back Wrath, but I don’t know when I’ll lose my sanity next and go berserk. I strongly feel that I should acquire Heresy Nullity as soon as possible.

「Indeed. My kindness is deeper than the oceans, so acquire Patience while feeling grateful to me.」

Maybe she thinks she’s gotten away with her deception, as she gives a clear sigh of relief while carrying on with her condescending attitude. Somehow, this stinks of disappointment. I guess this is what they call a “disappointing beauty” huh. She’s become an eccentric in a different way to her previous life it seems.

「You’re not thinking something rude are you?」

「Of course not. When I realised that I might be liberated from the anguish of Wrath after so many years, I was rather deeply moved you see.」

That was a close shave. Maybe it’s her instincts as a warrior, but she’s strangely astute.

However, though I said that as an excuse on the spur of the moment, I really am deeply moved in fact. Half my life in this world has been hell. Until I fought Sophia-san, it was even enough that I thought I wanted to die. However, during my battle with Sophia-san, the instant that I perceived that I really could die, I became aware that my own feelings were wavering. Then, when I was being completely beaten up by that god called Kuro, I clearly felt terror. That I was going to be killed. Because of that, I realised my reluctance to being killed. Compared to my previous wish to die, that’s truly unexpected. At the end of the day, I didn’t really want to die.

How despicable. While killing so many others, when I myself faced being killed, I hoped that I wouldn’t die. If they saw me looking apathetic like this, I’m sure all the goblins would laugh at me. When they fought, if they took a life, they thought it was natural to be resolved to die one day themselves. I didn’t have that resolve. Instead, I only used the power of Wrath to persecute the weak, and didn’t have the least resolve to pick a fight with my life on the line.

When I safely came to my senses again, I actually felt relief. That I was alive. I was also happy. I’m the worst. After doing all that I did, to think that I alone can survive in peace. I should die. Yet, I’m afraid to die.

I think I’m pathetic. However, I don’t have the courage to take my own life. As atonement, I think that I have to properly make use of my remaining life. However, even if I was told to die, I don’t think I’m capable of that. In my previous life I thought that it’s okay for the likes of criminals to die, but I never expected that feeling to be aimed at myself. Even while thinking that it would be better for me to die, I’m wavering about whether to die. I’m falling into self-hatred.

To be honest, I’m still not sure how I should live from now on, but in order not to commit more crimes, there’s no way that I can allow myself to be engulfed by Wrath. That’s why, I need Heresy Nullity.

However, there’s one big problem.

「I’m glad that you’ll concede it to me, but I have zero skill points.」

「Ah.」

The mood is cramped. Sophia-san awkwardly glanced away from me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-30: Disquiet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 30 – Disquiet

Argh, really! Why is this going so badly!? Everything that I’ve said recently has ended up backfiring on me!

「There’s more or less some methods other than gaining Patience written here, but it seems that they’re not recommended.」

While I’m feeling impatience and irritation, Wrath says that leisurely. Why you, who’s fault do you think it is that I’m feeling this way! Argh, I’m so irritated.

Calm down, me. I am a proud vampire. I cannot be shaken by something this trivial. For now, in order to help me compose my feelings, I’ll try reading this method that Wrath is talking about.

『Acquire the skill of Detection, then by merely activating it is possible to significantly improve the proficiency of Heresy Resistance. However, in this case, until Heresy Resistance is raised to Heresy Nullity you must be careful not to use magic at all. In the worst case you may die so this method is frankly not recommended.』

「That’s a fail.」

Wrath makes a questioning expression, but this is definitely a fail. After all, that goshujin-sama is saying you might die okay? THAT goshujin-sama! Even THAT irregular super-being is actually saying it’s a method where you might die, so it’s obviously not normal. If it’s at the level where that goshujin-sama is saying that you might die in the worst case, then if normal people tried that method then out of 100 attempts 99 would die for sure. I’m certain.

「Certainly, it would be inconvenient to be unable to use magic.」

「That’s not where the problem lies.」

I don’t know why you would be unable use magic, but compared to the possibility of death it means bugger all. Oh my? As a lady I shouldn’t use the phase “bugger all” now should I? It sounds pretty stupid anyway, without a fragment of dignity. I shall refrain from speaking this expression from now on.

「The part where it says you may die?」

「If goshujin-sama concludes it with saying that you may die, then that’s from the reference of goshujin-sama herself. For us regular types, I can see a future where trying the same method would result in instant death.」

Indeed, I experienced those crazy actions more than enough to hate it during my training period with goshujin-sama. If Ariel-san hadn’t stopped me, I don’t know how many times I would have died. Goshujin-sama lacks the perspective of ordinary people. After all she’d be like “it’s normally possible right?” while almost killing me.

「I, I see. Then, let’s ignore this method.」

「That’s wise.」

I flick ahead through the book once again to check it out, but there’s nothing further written on earning proficiency in Heresy Resistance. In that case, the best way is to earn proficiency is to receive Heresy Magic attacks after all. Really, I wish goshujin-sama hadn’t written those unnecessary things.

「If Patience is no good, and Detection is also no good, then we’ll just have to use Heresy Magic after all huh.」

At my words, Wrath makes a really disagreeable looking face. Well, I don’t like it either, but if we want to obtain the resistance, we have no choice but to press ahead with this then. Besides, unfortunately for you I have Pain Nullity and Sense of Pain Nullity. No matter what attack it might be, if I can’t feel it then it’s no big deal.

「Shouldn’t you do this as well? I’ll acquire Heresy Magic, so let’s trade blows with magic.」

I select Heresy Magic from the list and acquire it. I still have plenty of skill points anyway, so I’m sure it’s okay to acquire it. If it’s just to raise Wrath’s Heresy Resistance, then I could just use Charm on him, but if we’re unlucky he might get affected by the technique itself.

Incidentally, I checked whether it’s possible or not to also acquire Patience, but it seems that I don’t have enough skill points. I tried checking the other Ruler skills as well, but the only one I could acquire was Lust. In the cast of Lust, even then I would have to use the majority of my remaining skill points to acquire it. To be honest, I’m not at all interested in acquiring that. Considering the risk and cost, the return is too small.

「Okay, let’s begin.」

「We’re really doing this?」

「Why are you asking something so obvious?」

At my words, Wrath breathes a big sigh.

After that, we both start to silently trade blows with Heresy Magic. The reason why we’re silent is because we don’t have the spare capacity to talk. To be honest, I made light of it. What we’re using right now is, Heresy Magic level 1 – Disquiet. As the name suggests, it’s magic that makes the opponent feel disquieted.

The effect is so plain that I’ve never used it, but this, sure is nasty magic. An unbearable feeling of disquiet assails you, like you can constantly hear nails screeching across a blackboard. In addition, both Pain Nullity and Sense of Pain Nullity have absolutely no effect.

When I look at Wrath’s appearance, I see that his face is pale and he has goose bumps. My condition has definitely become something similar. If asked I’d say it’s unclear how useful this magic would be in combat, but if it was used then it might be able to dampen their fighting spirit. It’s a plain but unpleasant magic. Perfectly suitable for harassment huh.

「Has your resistance increased?」

「Not yet.」

「Mine has increased to Greater Heresy Resistance level 1.」

「I see, congratulations.」

Wrath begins a brief exchange. We continue in silence after that.

What’s with this punishment game? In a different sense this is as agonising as when I was beaten up by goshujin-sama. In the first place what’s with this situation where a man and woman are in the same room silently staring at each other with pallid faces?

Also, maybe because it’s a level 1 magic spell, or maybe because Wrath is weakening, but my resistance is slow to rise anyway. I had Greater Heresy Resistance level 6 at the start, which is pretty high, so maybe that’s another reason.

Currently, Wrath’s status is falling as he weakens. When I looked with appraisal his maximum values haven’t decreased, so I think he’ll recover sooner or later. It seems he was done in by that guy called Kuro. Something about it being necessary to cancel the activation of Wrath.

However, even with his weakening body I’m still feeling this disquieted, so maybe if he was in a normal condition wouldn’t this amount of disquiet be likely to cause madness? If I consider it that way, maybe I should be glad that he’s weakening perhaps? I don’t have any confidence that I could endure any more of this sense of disquiet.

Oh my? In my case, I’m not particularly weakening am I? So that means I’m using my magic normally then?

「S, sorry. I’m at my limit…」

Wrath collapses to the ground, bringing an end to the forced proficiency gains for the day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 257: Writing is wonderful
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

257 – Writing is wonderful

If I can’t talk then why don’t I just convey it with writing! I’m such a genius. If I just convey what I want to say in a book beforehand, then I don’t need to have any unnecessary conversations. After I do that then I just have to get the other party to read the book of their own accord. In addition, while they’re reading the book, I don’t even have to be nearby anyway.

I quickly got engrossed in writing books. Now I can even attack the ones I’ve been hesitant to get in contact with previously! Yahoo!

First is imouto-chan. From now on I’ll arrange it so that imouto-chan will secretly support Natsume-kun’s actions. Well, I don’t intend for her to get too involved though. Ultimately I will consider myself lucky if imouto-chan is able to gain a Ruler skill. I better not view imouto-chan as a pawn. I dunno when her love for her brother might run wild and she’ll betray me after all.

Therefore, I will hand over some simple written instructions that’s more like a memo.

「What is this?」

「Read.」

I simply say that and depart quickly. If I carelessly allow the conversation to continue she’ll start blabbering on about her onii-sama. Once that happens it’ll take at least about an hour before I can free myself. An hour of horror. I don’t have time for that.

While I’m at it, I go take a peek on Natsume-kun’s condition.

…Let’s pretend I didn’t see that. Would even a drug addict get that bad? Is this really okay? Hmm. Well, if he’s able to get a Ruler skill, I’ll then just dispose of him at an appropriate point. Please wait in anticipation of Natsume-kun’s actions next time.

Now then, next is Argnar. Shutting the elves out from the demon territory is now almost entirely successful. The dangerous elements amongst the demons have been completely eliminated across the board. To be honest there’s not much left for Argnar to do. I guess I can just have him make preparations for war. At the rate things are going, it seems that I’ll be able to pull the humans into a large scale war in a few more years.

When the war is over, next will be to go destroy the elf village. I have decided this. However, Potimas is obviously not going to drop dead that easily. Based on the intelligence from my clones inside the barrier, I know the internal conditions of the elf village well enough, but there’s a critical place I’ve not been able to infiltrate. Namely, the place where Potimas’s real body is. It’s not so much about the infiltration itself, but that I’ve still been unable to determine where it might be. It sure seems like he’s been hidden carefully. After all, even after all this time, he’s been able to elude both Kuro and the Demon King and is still alive. Well, in Kuro’s case I’m sure that he’s simply been hesitating about whether to destroy Potimas or not though.

Once I locate Potimas’s real body, I’ll get rid of him. The preparations for that will probably be completed after the war has ended. Well, there’s no need to hurry. I can just slowly build up the siege.

In order get another side to participate in that siege, I gotta go call out to them then. I’ve been putting it off until now, but I’ll have to make contact sooner or later. He’s probably the most abstruse person I’ll face apart from Potimas, so I gotta be prudent.

I’m about to get in contact with the pope of the Divine Word Religion. He’s also the Ruler of Temperance. To be able to destroy the System I need the Ruler authorities and he is one of the people who possess that.

Based on the intelligence gathering of my clones, I have good idea of what objectives the pope is working towards. It’s probably similar to Argnar’s. Like how Argnar wants the demons to survive no matter what, the pope wants the humans to survive no matter what. However, unlike Argnar, the pope is a Ruler. In addition, if the Demon King is correct, he’s also maxed Taboo. He’s maxed Taboo, yet he still wants the humans to survive. That’s not possible with an ordinary resolve. Depending on the situation, he’s capable of being a much more troublesome enemy than Potimas.

I’m writing a book. It’s become quite lengthy. The contents are, the current state of the world, regarding the reincarnators, the forthcoming movements of the demons, my efforts to bring about the destruction of the elves and a request to join in that.

I’m sure the pope already understands about the current state of the world. Otherwise, I don’t see why he would have initiated a war with the Goddess religion. Over the ages, no matter the world, it’s always the case that religious wars become a mess. There’s not many people who would ever go through religious conversion anyway, and no matter how much they struggle bad feelings still remain. Particularly in this case, since though the Divine Word Religion and the Goddess Religion have different dogmas, they revere the same god. There’s no way the pope doesn’t know that. On top of shouldering all sorts of risks, to still pursue a plan of reducing the power of the Goddess Religion at this time, is a decision that he must have reached precisely because he has a clear understanding of the current status of the world.

In the case of the reincarnators as well, I think he has has a certain degree of comprehension. At any rate, the pope is commandeering the reincarnators after all. He’s sure to have spoken to them. As a small supplementary addition to the contents, I guess I’ll add notes on why the reincarnators ended up reincarnating and anecdotes on the Hero and Demon King from the previous generation. I’ll avoid touching upon D. It’s better that way. Knowing about that could cause a disaster. After all, she’s seriously an evil god. Imagine if such a god decided to seize the lifeline of this world, eh? That pope, would probably get holes in his stomach from stress I guess?

What I wrote about the forthcoming movements of the demons, it’s pretty much half guesswork. I want to make sure of how the pope interprets and reacts to that. If he abuses that information to attempt to obstruct me, then I’ll have to show no mercy unfortunately. To be blunt though, no matter how the pope reacts, it won’t have any affect on the war. The Demon King’s strength surpasses anything in this world. Even the cheat enabled reincarnators, are no match for the Demon King. Just by herself the Demon King could destroy half the world. Obviously so long as there’s no intervention from either Kuro or myself. Against that Demon King, whatever the pope decides won’t actually amount to much at all. Either way, the outcome won’t change.

Yes, the outcome won’t change. Whether he opposes avoiding the war, or whether he assists with annihilating the elves, there’ll be no change in the end result for the pope. For my final objective, I need the Ruler authorities. And the pope will probably not accept that. That being the case, I’ll have no choice but to kill him and steal it from him.

I teleport and appear right in front of the pope. Just when he appears to be in discussion with Kusama-kun, one of the reincarnators.

「Who might you be?」

「Wakaba-san!?」

The pope is unshaken, but still poses his question cautiously. Kusama-kun is clearly shaken and his voice quavers. There’s sure a gap between them in dignity.

「Here.」

I leave the book I wrote there. And then I teleport away. What happens next is up to the pope. Now then, I wonder how it’ll turn out?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter pps-del: The Pope's Deliberations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Pope’s Deliberations

What a turn of events. A mysterious girl abruptly appears, leaving a single book. Looking at Sajin’s reaction, it’s likely that she was a reincarnator.

「Sajin, call I8.」

I so inform Sajin, who is still staring in a daze at the place where the girl vanished. Sajin gave a start and comes to his senses, then immediately went about his duty. Sajin’s figure disappears on the spot. No matter how many times I see it it still looks like Space Magic teleportation, but in practice it appears to be one of the abilities from the special ninja skill that Sajin possess. Unfortunately it appears that he himself doesn’t even understand the principle behind it, so it doesn’t seem possible to reproduce the effect of the special skill. If was possible I would have every member of the church’s Kinma Unit learn it.

I8, who I had Sajin call, is from the established Kinma Unit, which is a unit that deals with the discovery and elimination of those with the Taboo skill and demons hidden within human society. The Taboo skill that almost never occurs has never reached level 10, but it is not like it could never happen either. While the possibility exists, it is a good idea to nip it in the bud sooner rather than later. Therefore, the church has strictly punished those with Taboo since long ago. Also, because demons look no different from humans in outward appearance at all, there are times when they creep into human society for reasons such as defection or spying. Discovering such elements is one of the important functions of the Kinma Unit.

For the Kinma Unit to achieve that, it is necessary to have a high level in the Appraisal skill. I8, who I had Sajin call, also has the Appraisal skill. I have called I8 to apprise the book that the mysterious girl has left, in order to determine whether there is no danger.

Until I8 arrives, I gather my thoughts. Firstly, who is that girl? At present what can be understood is that Sajin knows that girl somehow, which can only be explained by her being a reincarnator. But, there is one thing that cannot be explained by that. That is the fact that Sajin instantly recognised that the girl was a reincarnator. Sajin does not have the Appraisal skill. He should not have an Appraisal Stone either. If that is so, then how did Sajin recognise that the girl was a reincarnator?

Does he know her from a previous meeting in this world? No. There is always a watch placed on Sajin. If he ever made any questionable movements then it is unlikely that it was not conveyed to me. As far as I am aware, there should not have been any opportunity for him to have had a clandestine meeting. However, there are many mysteries about the ninja skill. The full details have not been revealed by Appraisal, so it’s possible that there’s some hidden ability that has not been covered by Sajin’s personal statements. If that is so, then the possibility exists that he has sneaked away without my knowledge.

However, based on Sajin’s reaction, that does not appear to be the case. That appeared to be genuine astonishment. Sajin is not skillful enough in acting to be able to fool me. Although there is a shapeshifting ability within the ninja skill, it has not been successfully tested after all. If Sajin had a bit more acting ability, then he would be able to expand his range of activities. It’s regrettable. In the first place, Sajin is lacking in discretion. I keep him at hand because I find the ninja skill to be just that fascinating, but he hasn’t even been able to master that skill. Ugio, who has been sent into the elf village, is much more competent. Just how many times have I wondered if I made a mistake in which personnel I have kept at hand?

Dammit, not good. I’ve allowed my thoughts to stray again.

If I make the assumption that Sajin was unaware of that girl’s circumstances until now, then there is much less to consider. This is just a possibility but, in that girl’s previous existence, in the world where Sajin was known as Kusuma Shinobu, maybe even now she has the same appearance she had then? If that is so, then I could accept why Sajin was able to tell that the girl was a reincarnator instantly.

However, that’s where the problem lies. I don’t believe that the girl has the same appearance in both this world and the previous one. Sajin, Ugio and Yurin all have a difference appearance in this world. From what Ugio has reported, that is the same for the other reincarnators confined in the elf village. I can’t believe that the girl is an exception. If that’s the case, then that means that the girl deliberately disguised herself to have the same appearance as in her previous existence before arriving here. What is the reason for that?

Though I have several ideas, the highest probability is indeed that it’s because that she knew that Sajin was here, to put it briefly. Sajin’s existence is an absolute secret even within the church. There is only a tiny handful of people who I trust with that knowledge. Has intelligence leaked out from them? Alternatively, it’s also possible that Sajin himself has leaked it. Yet again, like with Sajin’s ninja skill, it may be through the means of some unknown skill. If that’s the case then it’s not due to a traitor and I can relax.

No, I cannot relax. After all, this means nothing other than the fact that information has been leaked out from here. In the first place, I had not seen any indication of that girl using a disguise. That’s how perfect a disguise it was. It could be thought of as some strange skill that I’m not aware of. Similarly to Sajin, as a reincarnator she should have a unique skill. Perhaps one of the effects is related to disguises?

In the first place, what is that girl’s objective? That should be within that book, but until it is appraised it is too dangerous to touch. Even while there is a small chance of a trap, I must proceed with caution. Until I8 arrives there is nothing I can do. I also want to hear the full story from Sajin, but I sent him to call I8. What a blunder.

「Pope-sama, I8 has arrived.」

「Enter.」

Just in time, I8 has come. The man who enters through the doorway, is hiding his face with a white cloth that has an eye drawn on it. The church’s Kinma Unit is perhaps better thought of as a dark ops unit. Because they often incite the enmity of others, and also so as to keep their background hidden, they hide their faces and go by a codename. Even from those within the church. The only ones allowed to know are their colleagues within the same Kinma Unit. Even among those colleagues, there is a strong implication that they are all monitoring each other. I8, and Sajin who went to fetch him, step forwards into the middle of the room.

「I know this is sudden, but please appraise this book.」

「Certainly.」

I8 stares at the book over the face cloth. However, there’s no reaction. Always before he had reported the results to me immediately, but he continues to stare at the book without moving.

「What’s the matter?」

「It is impossible to appraise.」

「What?」

「This book only returns the result that it’s impossible to appraise.」

Impossible to appraise? I’ve never even heard of such a thing, no wait, there is one. The N % I = W skill. Even when attempting to appraise the contents of that skill, I heard that it’s only indicated as impossible to appraise.

However, what does this mean? The contents of N % I = W is concealed by the will of a high ranking administrator. It is thought to be both a measure to provide favourable treatment towards the reincarnators, and also to protect the reincarnators. Therefore it is impossible to appraise.

Due to the fact that this book is impossible to appraise, then it means that it is something from outside the laws of nature of this world. Or otherwise, that it is a relic from prior to the activation of the System.

This… may be far more explosive than I had thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter pps-tor: The Pope's Torment
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Pope’s Torment

「I8, read it.」

My conclusion I reached in the end, was to have I8 inspect the contents. In the case that there is some harmful trap activated by reading it, then it can simply be settled by sacrificing I8. Noticing my expectations, I8 also froze for a moment, then silently picked up the book and began to review the contents. Due to the cloth with symbol of an eye that represents the Kinma Unit, I cannot see his expression but I’m sure that man is prepared to face the worst. For the members of the Kinma Unit, they must be prepared to accept death at any time.

「Sajin, please tell me what you know about that girl.」

Until I8 has finished reading the book, I must ask Sajin about that girl.

「Sure. She’s Wakaba Hiiro-san. She was my classmate in my previous life. And on top of that she’s the most beautiful girl in the school!」

From Sajin’s words I gained an unexpected sense of unease. What is bothering me? Beautiful girl? Because Sajin called that girl a beautiful girl? Strange. From my perception, I did not think she had any particularly outstanding features.

After considering that far, I shuddered. Because I couldn’t clearly recall that girl’s face.

「Sajin, were you able to see that girl’s face clearly?」

「Huh? Why are you asking something so obvious? Finally gone senile?」

What is the meaning of this? Even if I try to dig into my memory, the only thing I can remember about that girl is whiteness. Even though I have the Record skill.

Then, does this mean that my perception was obstructed in some manner? However, for what reason? In addition, why was Sajin not affected? Was some technique used so that only particular people are affected? Alternatively, is it because that Sajin knew that girl originally and the technique did not affect him? Either way, I don’t understand the significance. Does this mean that if Sajin had also been affected by the perception obstruction, then he wouldn’t have been able to realise she was a reincarnator? In that case, what should I do? Alternatively, should I attempt to break through the perception obstruction? I don’t know. In the end my thoughts are no better than conjecture. It seems I won’t be able to determine that girl’s intentions. All I know is that her concealment ability is so formidable that I couldn’t even realise that such a technique was being employed. Putting aside the matter of her disguising herself as her previous existence, I guess it’s possible that her special skill relates to an ability with illusions.

「Wakaba-san is a flawlessly beautiful girl to the extent of being the personification of a “cool beauty”, like, so much so that you’d think she’d popped out from the world of manga or something, you see. Her appearance is like what you’d expect of a celebrity right? It seems that she wore glasses because she herself didn’t want to stand out, but even then that couldn’t conceal her beauty you know. Those glasses were definitely just for show. Her figure is crazy awesome too. Totally showcases what the “Golden Ratio” really means, yeah. Also, her hair! Super smooth, long straight hair! Like you could see an angel’s halo about, or rather she is an angel for real! Her black hair was great, but Wakaba-san’s pure white hair just then was also real ni-i-ce. She felt unreal before, but that glittering white hair was totally fantasy-like, divine basically. Wow, just totally wow.」

What’s up with this guy?

「Are you in love with her?」

「No way man! This sentiment is nothing so lowly! This is what you call worship!」

Even as a joke, you’re at the very center of the greatest religion of this world, and you’re speaking of worshiping an ordinary person and not god? I must surely have made a mistake in his training in some way.

「I see. That’s enough about her appearance. What about the crucial aspects of her character?」

「Dunno.」

For an instant I was unable to grasp what he meant, and it seemed like my considerations were vanishing into thin air. You don’t know? To say that you don’t know after all that blather, what is going on?

「Her mysteriousness is also part of Wakaba-san’s appeal!」

「Fool. That doesn’t explain anything.」

「Because Wakaba-san didn’t involve herself with others. Taciturn and expressionless. No clue as to what she was thinking about. We could only look at her from afar, that’s just how enigmatic a beautiful girl she was. That alone was enough to satisfy us, you see.」

It seems Sajin has the expression of having gained some kind of enlightenment. It seems that after all, that I might have erred with my personnel selection. I now feel that it might be better to recall Yurin from the academy in the Anareich Kingdom and have her be trained for dark ops.

「Your Holiness, I have finished reading.」

While I am feeling disgust towards Sajin’s foolishness, I8 raises his voice.

「Hrm. There’s no change in your condition?」

「Correct. Based on my use of Appraisal, I am not afflicted by any strangeness in my status. So long as there’s no delayed reaction, I don’t believe there is any direct harm」

「Based on those remarks, it sounds like there could be indirect harm though?」

「The contents, are incredibly unique. Possibly harmful.」

I8 gives an evasive reply. Hrm? That reaction was unexpected. I8 is an excellent man even amongst the dark ops. For whether the contents are dangerous or not, it’s unusual for him to use such uncertain words.

「I8, speak your opinion frankly. Does it seem likely to you that I should read the contents of this book directly?」

「Yes. If the contents written here are correct, then in my humble opinion the only one who can pass judgement on them is Your Holiness.」

「Is it an urgent matter? If not then I could read a written copy.」

「It is my personal opinion that the sooner it is looked into the better. However, taking into account the possibility of a delayed reaction trap being applied, it may be better to use a written copy.」

After a moment’s thought, I snatch the book from I8’s hands, and start to read. The probability of a trap was low from the beginning. This is a person who has easily penetrated the very center of the heavily guarded Divine Word Religion. Even without using a roundabout method of a trap, assassination would be simple enough. If something should happen to me, then it means that was all I ever amounted to. If my life comes to an end, there are subordinates who can inherit my will. Should the occasion arise, provisions for transfer of control are always ready for when someone becomes pope.

However, in a different sense this book is something incredible. I am only just about able to stop myself from wanting to clutch my head.

「Why a spider?」

Sajin mutters that while peering at the book from the side. If the contents of the book is incredible, then what’s scribbled in the margins is also incredible.

「Did Wakaba-san have such a playful side to her as well?」

「Idiot. This is a hidden message.」

At first glance, it appears to be a cute drawing of a spider, but this is an important message. Firstly, the spider’s body is white. Speaking of a spider, the first thing that comes to mind is the one known as the oldest Divine Beast, but her family is black bodied. Also, with no sickle-like feet either. A monster with a white body and sickle-like feet. As a holder of the Record skill, like I did just before, I am able to recall the strife that monster caused.

「The Nightmare of the Labyrinth.」

The mysterious monster with a connection to the Divine Word Religion. That is what this drawing represents.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 258: Revive the Vampire Princess
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

258 – Revive the Vampire Princess

That’s good enough for Divine Word Religion. I’ll go visit them again after a break of several days. Then I only need to hear their answer.

However, therein lies a problem. While I could convey what I wanted to say in a book, there’s no way to hear their reply with a book. Well, it’s basically impossible that they would take my circumstances into consideration and reply to me using a book. What’s with that exchange diary-like setting? Shouldn’t an “exchange diary” be more bittersweet or something? Just where’s the sadness in an exchange diary that is seriously discussing the fate of the world eh. On top of that the other party is an ojii-san as well. If he was an austere occhan then it would be fine, but that guy is completely past his prime you know.

So for that reason, I need someone to act as a listener-cum-negotiator. My not-so-random selection is, vampire girl. The Demon King is busy with various things anyway, and she’s still the Demon King after all. It wouldn’t do to just blithely bring her to the very center of enemy territory, surely. The Divine Word Religion is like the pillar of the human society after all.

I have various other reasons other than a process of elimination to bring vampire girl along. If I say I have them then I do! It’s not like I have no acquaintances to bring along other than vampire girl, okay! Ahem!

Well, to put it bluntly, vampire girl and the Divine Word Religion have a bit of fate between them you see. After all, the country where vampire girl was born in, was basically destroyed by the Divine Word Religion, right? Ah, I guess it was actually destroyed. The town that vampire girl was born in was completely trampled over, so I guess it’s not really any difference. Basically, they’re about equivalent to being enemies.

Vampire girl, really. Ever since Mera got angry at you, you’ve sure been depressed huh. Or not so much depressed, but in turmoil? What does it mean to be human? What does it mean to be a vampire? Who am I? What am I? That kind of thing. She’s lost sight of her own identity it seems. It’s kinda like she’s interpreted what Mera wanted to convey in a different way, and has gotten lost after dashing around at full power every which way.

When I tried asking Mera whether it’s okay not to amend his explanation, he said,

「There is no meaning to it unless ojou-sama finds her own answer.」

, so it seems that he doesn’t intend to help. Are you sure? At this rate I’m worried that she might come up with some weird answer though.

In other words, to let her distract herself I’ve thus decided to throw her in at the deep end with a task that can become her current objective. As to how her contact with the Divine Word Religion will work out, that’s an unknown for now, but well, I’m sure it’ll work out somehow. As long as I hold her reins tightly, it shouldn’t develop into a particularly bad situation, probably.

「In other words, prepare.」

「What do you mean, in other words – how does that explain anything? Suddenly turning up and saying “in other words” doesn’t mean shit, obviously.」

Good girls should not say words like “shit”! Thus, a chop to the head. Maybe I heard her skull cracking or felt her neck breaking, but well, don’t mind it. I press a book into her hands.

This particular book is quite thick. It’s about time that vampire girl has to learn about important matters such as the composition of the world, about the System, and about what we are about to do next. In the first place, if she doesn’t know about such things then she won’t be able to talk with the Divine Word Religion’s pope-san anyway. Vampire girl also more or less has Taboo, so it’s fine if she maxes that, and I could also have her deliberately use her skill points to do that as well.

Muhaha. Before such an important announcement her worries over her identity should be blown away! I’ll have you forget all your little worries! Come now, you shall tremble in fear before the truth of the world!

…Oh? Haven’t I… just increased her worries?

Yup. It’s all good. Vampire girl is a fine adult. I’m sure she’ll manage one way or another by herself you know.

Now then, that’s enough about vampire girl. Maybe it’s bad but whatever. I can leave the rest to Mera, her guardian. I guess I’ll go check out oni-kun as well.

Thus I have come to oni-kun’s place. I have walked, for once. Normally I just teleport though. Well, we’re living in the same mansion after all so the distance isn’t far enough to be worth teleporting.

「Shiro-san, welcome.」

Oni-kun greets me with a gentle smile. You’d never think he held Wrath. I wonder how he actually came to hold Wrath.

「What brings you here today?」

「Heresy resistance.」

「Yeah, it’s finally risen as far as Greater Heresy Resistance level 5. It seems that Nullity will take a bit more time, but things should already have improved quite a lot since previously.」

Uh-huh, uh-huh. That’s going well. I don’t get tired having from having a conversation with oni-kun. From just a single word he can guess what I’m trying to say. I guess this is what’s meant by being able to read the mood.

「Status.」

「Yeah? Erm, ah-hah! That’s almost returned to normal as well. About 90% I guess. I think that’ll become fully recovered in a short while.」

It can’t be helped if he occasionally misinterprets things or misses things. Ugh, not being able to talk is painful. I don’t think I’ll be able to improve though. After all, getting in contact with others is such a pain.

Oni-kun’s physical condition is still recovering. As yet he hasn’t activated Wrath either. At this rate, I guess it’s just a matter of time until he learns Heresy Nullity. In that case, oni-kun will no longer lose his way due to Wrath anymore, probably. If that happens then oni-kun will be able to determine how he wants to proceed from now on by his own will.

I hand oni-kun a book. It has the same contents as the book I gave to vampire girl just now.

「Today’s book is a bit thicker huh.」

「Read it, then do what you want.」

「Eh?」

I turn my back to oni-kun and leave. Once he’s read that, then it’s up to oni-kun to decide what to do next. If he decides to align with my side then good. If he becomes hostile then I’ll show no mercy. If he stays out of it then that’s fine too. I don’t have the right to decide oni-kun’s choice. Everything is up to oni-kun.

That’s not just for oni-kun either. I could say the same to vampire girl. For now it might seem like she’s working under me a bit at a time, but, I have no intention to bind vampire girl. Since picking her up I granted her the minimum amount of power to be able to get by. However, vampire girl already has enough power to be able to live freely within this world. Vampire girl is free to make whatever choice she wants afterwards. Indeed, she can even choose the path of becoming hostile to me.

I stop walking. If vampire girl becomes hostile to me, what will I do? That’s obvious. If someone stands in my way, then I will show no mercy no matter who they might be. No matter who.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 259: Maou-sama is scary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

259 – Maou-sama is scary

I decided I should inform the Demon King about this and that on the Divine Word Religion. Normally I should have reported this before getting in contact with them, but basically I forgot. Well, I guess it was inevitable. I’ve been doing whatever I want until now anyway.

However, the other party this time is the most influential person amongst the humans, so unlike previous occasions I can’t just sweep it under the carpet if I screw up you know. If there’s a blunder with the negotiations even I wouldn’t be able to patch things up by myself. Well, it’s not like I couldn’t do anything, but it’s more like all I can do is “kill all the nuisances!” kinda thing. If I did that then it would cause big problems amongst the humans. And if it comes down to that then Kuro would blow his top. I don’t want him to come charging at me.

So for those reasons, in case of a blunder I’ll leave it all to the Demon King to patch things up. It’s fine, it’s fine. The worst that can happen is the humans become a bit more hostile. Do your best, do your best! You can do it!

Yup. Whether I succeed or fail I won’t suffer any losses. What a wonderful life. Maybe the Demon King will get some ulcers though.

Which is why I’ve come to the Demon King’s place, but my timing was bad. Just a bit before I got there, it seems the Demon King had some visitors come to her room. When I entered the Demon King’s room without knocking, there was the Demon King reclining in her chair with her feet on the desk, with two people standing to attention in front of her. Balto isn’t around. Mostly likely he’s rushing around after the Demon King forced the work onto him again.

「Ah, Shiro-chan. Good timing. Come in.」

At the Demon King’s urging, I enter the room. Damn, if there’s others here then I should have come at another time. I was just about to leave when the Demon King called out to me as well. At the Demon King’s beckoning, I can’t avoid walking over.

「Let’s hear out their story together.」

I don’t understand the situation but I consent anyway.

「Okay, let’s hear your report then.」

The Demon King said that while smiling broadly. Hm? She seems to be in a bad mood somehow?

As if they can sense the Demon King’s bad mood, the two people have stiff expressions. Of the two people, one is a sexy onee-san. The other is a shota. The onee-san is the 2nd army commander, the shota is the 6th army commander. They might look colourful on the outside, but they’re respected big-shots amongst the demons.

「Yes. On this occasion, my 6th army, with the assistance of the 2nd army, succeeded in cornering the Hero. However, when we were on the verge of success we received a counterattack, with the end result that we lost some valuable war potential. I have no excuse.」

The heck? Cornering the hero?

I unconsciously glance at the Demon King. Well, I keep my eyes closed even while I “look” at her though. Did the Demon King notice my gaze perhaps, since she nods her head in assent while still in a bad humour.

Preparations are being made in order to erase the very existence of the Hero from the System itself. Thus, until those preparations are complete an order was given to not make any imprudent actions. Despite that, this lot made an attempt on the Hero it seems.

「I apologise as well. If the agent from my unit had been able to administer a lethal dose of poison as had been planned, then such a result would never have occurred.」

Hmm-mm. So basically, a spy or something from the onee-san’s unit poisoned the Hero, but he didn’t receive all of it. Then the shota’s troops attacked the Hero who had been weakened by poison, but they were beaten instead. Or something like that.

Certainly, when considered normally it would be a huge failure, but actually it’s fine. That they didn’t kill the Hero. We’re actually saved from trouble because they were too incompetent to kill the Hero.

「Maou-sama, Sanatoria-sama was only providing support. The 6th army lead the strategy, so I shall carry all the responsibility.」

Ooh! How praiseworthy despite being a shota! However, you guys are making a fundamental misunderstanding you know.

「Say, aren’t you guys making some kind of misunderstanding?」

The Demon King speaks my own thoughts. The smile on her face has changed. Into an evil sadistic smile.

「You know, I’m pretty sure I sent out a directive you know? “Don’t make any attempt on the Hero.”」

Indeed, the tactical blunders and so on are a trivial matter. The loss of war potential is of no concern at all to the Demon King. Actually, lose as much as you want. The problem, is that despite being told not to make any attempt on the Hero they still made a move. That was the problem was the very beginning.

「So why did you disregard the order and make an attempt on the Hero I wonder?」

She might be smiling, but her eyes are furious. And also, overawing the entire room. What’s the mental state of the two in the middle? I don’t even need to ask. Their faces have turned pale and they’re continuously trembling, making it quite clear what’s going through their heads.

「Hmm? How can I understand if you stay silent, eh? Or maybe, perhaps you couldn’t hear me? To pretend not to hear what the Demon King says, you’ve sure got some nerve eh.」

There’s no way that they didn’t hear of course, how malicious. The shota was about to open his mouth to speak in a panic, but it seems he couldn’t properly get the words out, and just repeatedly opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.

「I am… terribly sorry.」

He was finally able to squeeze out those completely basic words of apology. That sure seemed to be the most he could possibly manage.

「Hm? What is that apology for? For the strategic mistake? For arbitrarily taking action? For not listening to what I said?」

The Demon King unrelentingly piles more and more verbal abuse on top of the shota. In comparison to that, the onee-san has a bit more composure.

「Maou-sama, your anger is most justified. However, we took those actions out of concern for the Hero’s war potential. Although it ended in a failure this time, it is a fact that we were on the verge of cornering the Hero. I am sure we will succeed next time.」

Ah, now she’s done it.

A loud crunch reverberated through the room. At the same time, there was a sound like something hard being crushed.

Some red body fluid is falling onto the shota’s face. It seems that the shota doesn’t understand why. With a blank expression, he raises his eyes to see the source of the body fluid. Then, his eyes meet with the onee-san, who has a similarly blank expression and has lost an arm.

Screams. The onee-san and shota scream at the same time. The Demon King is gazing at them with a disinterested and cold expression, chewing on the onee-san’s arm. Perhaps it’s the power of Gluttony, since the Demon King’s mouth is clearly too small to fit that in.

「I said… do not make… any attempt… on the Hero. Capish?」

As if instructing someone, the Demon King announces that using pauses between words. The onee-san listens to those words while pressing down on the stump of her lost arm. If she didn’t listen she’d be killed eh.

「I don’t care about the Hero’s war potential. What’s necessary is for the Hero to stay alive as the Hero for now. Ah, I guess it’s because you don’t understand the reason why huh? Well, your job is to follow my orders and fight to the death after all.」

The shota looked startled.

「What? Did you think of yourselves as being special or something? Even though you’re nothing more than trash who I wouldn’t have the least concern with disposing of right now? You sure are tremendously conceited.」

The Demon King shakes her head at that completely shocked expression. Well, her real feelings are probably about half that.

「Get this into heads okay. You lot are worth nothing to me. If anything, all you need to do is kill lots of enemies and when you die in the end, just return your energy to the world. If you don’t like that, then kill more than your share of enemies. If you can’t then die. If you can’t do as you’re told then die. Die already. Die! Die! Die!」

Both the onee-san who has lost blood and the shota have pale faces. Because they realise that the Demon King is serious. Well, I guess I’ll hand them a lifeline.

「Balto, death from overwork.」

I mutter that. The pair of them have a reasonable social position, so if they’re lost then all sorts of extra work will come along. That harm will definitely go Balto’s way. If he’s abused any further, Balto will die.

「That’d be annoying. Oh well. I guess I can forgive you this time.」

Seeing the Demon King’s attitude change so easily, the pair of them are dumbfounded, but when I turn towards them they come to their senses, give a bow and leave in a rush. Seeing their state, I shrug my shoulder. I would do the same as the Demon King.

「So, what did you come here for, Shiro-chan?」

Ah, that’s right. Later, when I’ve talked about the Divine Word Religion, the Demon King slumps at her desk.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-14: Decision
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 14 – Decision

I pick up the book. I ponder for a while, then put it back on the desk. Then I close my eyes and think, and before I know it I’ve picked up the book again. I’ve been doing this repetitively for a long time.

I gaze at the book I picked up. To be precise it’s not a book, more like a notebook. However, to me the contents have become weightier than any book. As I flick through the pages, I give up on thinking just how many dozens of times I’ve already reread it. I’ve already memorised the contents. Though I’ve not quite memorised it verbatim, the content doesn’t change even if I reread it. Even if I want it to change, it doesn’t.

What’s written in here, is about the risk of the world collapsing, and the method to avoid it.

I bury my head in my hands. I had known about how this world came to be and about the System due to Taboo, but I’d never have thought the situation had reached the final stages. If this is really true, then I sure have been reborn into an awful world. That’s only if it’s true though.

Certainly, I can’t believe that what is written here is the truth. No, rather than saying that what’s written is mostly only the truth, maybe it would be better to say that these are facts with some unwritten lies.

The reason I think that, is because it’s too good to be true. The method written here to deal with the problem, is that if we can break up the System then the world can be saved. However, is that really the case? Until now, since such a thing has never been done before, will it really work out that well? Is it really so simple that the world can be truly saved as easily as snapping your fingers? If that’s true, then why has the world had to go through such hardships until now? Maybe I’m just being unfairly suspicious, but I simply can’t believe in this.

In addition, if the System is gone, then that means skills and status will also be gone. That which has been depended upon for survival until now, will be lost. The chaos from that should be particularly significant. What used to be easily possible with certain status values, would no longer be possible. The prosperity brought about by skills, will collapse. Effectively a depiction of pandemonium in Hell, I would expect. It might be similar to taking away electricity from modern Japan. No, considering the actual impacts involved, it may be even worse.

This book doesn’t touch on those aspects at all. Based on that, maybe inconvenient facts are being concealed, and only deceptively good facts are being covered. That’s what I’ve come to think.

To be blunt, I don’t actually understand the inner workings of the System. In that sense, Shiro-san has definitely made more progress than I have. For that reason, even if something has been concealed, I don’t have the slightest idea even why it might have been concealed. Or even whether anything has actually been hidden in the first place.

There’s no end to my doubts. However, I cannot simply discard the contents of this book as being bullshit either. In these incredibly precise contents, there is a persuasive argument. Even when I compare this to the contents from Taboo, there’s nothing out of place. For that reason, the conclusion I reached after all my agonising, is that this mostly true with some secrets and lies mixed in.

I tap my finger on the book placed on the desk. If this is mostly true, then why did Shiro-san hand me this book? Well, that part is obvious enough though. In short, I’m sure she’s telling me to choose my own destiny. Considering the contents of this book, the world is going to enter a period of upheaval. Shiro-san, is promoting that. She’s telling me that I now have to start thinking about what I should do when the time comes, I’m sure.

Shiro-san, might be unexpectedly softhearted. Though we weren’t at all particularly close in our previous lives, she’s going so far to aid me after all. With Heresy Resistance, with this book. It’s impossible that she doesn’t realise that when I’ve read this book, that there is a real possibility that we may become enemies.

I better not come up with any half-assed conclusions eh.

At this rate the world will be destroyed. There’s probably not doubt about that. However, when is that going to happen? There’s nothing written about that. All that’s written, is that at this rate the world will be destroyed. Based on the manner of writing where no definite timeframe is given, even an exaggerated example of the world being destroyed after a thousand years wouldn’t contradict the book.

Demolish the System, then use that energy to stop the destruction of the world. I think that part is the truth. If there’s a lie written here it would be in the description details, which covers even the methods and state of progress. To be honest, considering all the technical terms I can’t really make much sense of it all, but if it was made up then Shiro-san has an incredible imagination. If this all came from her imagination, then some scent of madness should be drifting around. It seems better to simply accept that what’s written here is the truth.

However, there still won’t be enough energy. It needs to be supplemented. I guess this part is where the problem lies. Supplement, in other words, to kill people and collect the energy. That’s precisely the reason why she is trying to launch a large scale war between the demons and the humans.

It’s a path that is unavoidable in order to save the world. However, is that really the case? Going back to the timeline for the collapse of the world just now, it appears likely that it’s not necessarily the situation. If it’s the case that Shiro-san is concealing the timeline for the collapse of the world and there’s still some leeway, then wouldn’t it mean that this atrocity isn’t necessary? In that case, why does it seem that Shiro-san is going to such great lengths to hurry up the action? Is there a reason why it has to be this way?

It’s probably here. There should be somewhere here that Shiro-san wants to keep hidden no matter what. I need to know what that something is. And also, whether there’s anything else that might be hidden.

I stand up with the book in my hand. When I look outside the window, I see that it’s gotten really late in the day. It’s something I’ve only realised recently, but when it’s time to eat or when it’s time to sleep Shiro-san never goes outside. She’s often not around during the day, but she always returns to the mansion around that time. Around bedtime. Right now, Shiro-san should be in her room.

I use the Appraisal Stone to confirm my status. Almost a complete recovery, but in other words, not yet a complete recovery. I only have two magic swords as well. And even those are hastily made ones from when my status had not yet recovered. I feel uneasy. Not only do I not feel in perfect health, Shiro-san’s power is unknown. If my impression isn’t mistaken, then even if I was in perfect condition it seems that I would have no chance of winning. However, if what Shiro-san is aiming for is not something that I’m able to accept, then it might turn into combat right there. I pray that will not happen.

Having made my decision, I walk towards Shiro-san’s room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-31: Meanie
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 31 – Meanie

「Ugh, guah!」

During class I felt nauseous and hastily covered my mouth. Because I’ve been throwing up all the time recently, goshujin-sama has been muttering things like “puke girl” all the time. I don’t want to be called something so disgraceful.

「Sophia, is it happening again?」

While I’m desperately trying to hold back my vomit, the prince-like Waldo’s face shows up right in front of me. That’s when I reached my limit.

I’m now lying down on the bed in the school infirmary. Since I was scolded by Merazofis, I’ve frequently been in the care of the school infirmary. It’s not that my physical condition is poor, it’s completely a mental problem.

Starting with Waldo, it’s painful to even face the boys I had used Charm on. I don’t even know how I could dare to interact with them in the first place, as until recently I could only see them as my natural food, but I can’t do that anymore now that I regained my awareness as a human. Including my previous life, I have not had proper contact with others after all. Much less with boys.

I’ve already crossed the line so even I am wondering what I’m saying myself, but this is something I cannot avoid. The me at that time could only see them as things. I had no awareness of them being people. I used Charm on them as brainwashing and I treated them like things. Even if I do say so myself I’m the worst.

Because I’ve realised that, I’ve been completely avoiding them. The Charm skill in the set of Vampire skills, unlike the stand-alone Charm skill, is not actually that powerful. The reason why I was able to completely control them, was because there was just such a big difference in status values. However, now that I’ve stopped Charm and am keeping my distance, even they should be regaining their consciousness. Several of them have been able to separate from me already.

Yes, several of them. The problem lies with the ones who are still trying to get involved with me despite being cut off from Charm. Waldo is one of those. I don’t know what his aim is, but just by getting close to me I get anxious, so I wish he’d stop.

Just when things were starting to settle down, when I no longer seemed likely to be vomiting, goshujin-sama dropped a bomb on me. What the heck? The destruction of the world? And how to stop that? Even if you suddenly tell me about all that, what are you asking me to do? I really don’t have time for all that, so if you suddenly disclose a big problem to me on top of that, there’s nothing I can do about it.

The Divine Word Religion is certainly something I’ve thought about. If not for the war with the Divine Word Religion, my parents would never have died.

However, if you asked me if they would have been happy otherwise, I cannot give an immediate answer. I recall Merazofis’s words. Then, I wonder to myself, “Would my parents be proud of me as I am now?” The answer is, no. To them who were human, my way of life as a vampire is definitely not something that they could accept.

Then, if that war had never happened and I had been living with my parents still, what would have happened to me? Would I have been able to hide being a vampire and been able to live like a human? I don’t know. This is just a hypothetical argument after all, and with my meagre imagination not a single idea of such a scene comes to mind. No matter what I imagine, all I can come up with is my guise as a vampire.

At the end of the day, the truth of me being a vampire won’t be overturned. That it won’t overturned, is undeniable. There is no other way for the current me other than to be a vampire, something that I’ve accepted deep down. To put it bluntly, if I was asked whether I can still return to being human, I could never assent to that.

If the System goes away, my skills should also be lost. At such a time, my vampire skill would also be lost. Then, I would no longer be a vampire? I would become a mere human?

No thanks! That would no longer be me. I’m a vampire, so if I’m not a vampire then I’m not me.

However, if the System is not destroyed then the world will end anyway. If the world ends then I’d be dead too. Either I die, or I stop being a vampire.

That’s, not really a choice. What can I do then.

Due to lack of sleep my consciousness has become dim. Even though I have Faint Resistance, there’s still limits. Thanks to Sense of Pain Nullity I can ignore my bad physical condition somewhat, but since blood is mixed in every time I vomit it’s certain that I have a perforated stomach. Even if I say so for myself, my brain has totally gone to mush.

Ahh, I want to drink blood. Since then I haven’t drank a single drop of blood. I’m a True Ancestor, so even if I don’t drink blood I won’t die anyway, and my status values won’t drop either. However, it’s a matter of my feelings. If I don’t drink blood, then it’s like a human who subsists only on raw nutrients. Though you can live that way, there’s no joy. Even if there’s no influence on my status values, if I don’t drink then I get irritated and can’t settle down.

「Feeling any better?」

It was only when I was spoken to that I noticed that there was a person next to the bed. Even if I feel bad that’s so careless of me.

「I’m fine.」

I reply while pretending to be calm. When I look up, as I expected, I see Waldo.

「That’s a lie. Nobody would accept that when you have such a pale face.」

Waldo leans forwards and looks into my eyes. Not only that, but he puts his hand on the bed, as if to block me from trying to escape.

「What do you think you’re doing?」

「Don’t you want to drink blood?」

I couldn’t avoid twitching in response. I’d was actually thinking that just now after all. That after Waldo has been cut off from my Charm, it seems that he’s noticed my real identity.

My throat gulps. The boy in front of me seems like he’s a sweet and delicious fruit. Due to my enhanced five senses, the scent of Waldo’s sweat, his slightly raised body temperature, and even the sound of his racing heart can be heard. Even though he’s cut off from Charm, it seems that Waldo is still weak to me.

「If it’s you, I don’t mind giving you everything.」

At those words my rationality burnt away.

「Now I’ve really done it.」

Rather than returning to the dormitories, we’ve snuck out from the campus and come to the mansion where goshujin-sama stays.

「I’m feeling really refreshed.」

Waldo smiles widely while saying that. Out of his mouth, long canines are peeking out. Yeah, I’ve really done it. In my overenthusiasm I sucked too much blood.

If your blood is sucked by a vampire then you become a vampire. That being said, just being sucked is not enough to turn you into a vampire. To become a vampire, then either the vampire who is sucking the blood has to think about wanting a retainer while doing the bloodsucking or you must expire after a lethal dose of blood is sucked. Either of those requirements must be satisfied. In this case, because I hadn’t done any bloodsucking for so long, I accidentally sucked too much blood. Thanks to that, Waldo is now a proper vampire.

「You’re the son of a noble family aren’t you!? If you become a vampire, that’s obviously going to be a problem!」

What the heck am I doing by piling on new problems when I’m already inundated with problems!? Argh, really!? What should I do!?

「Shut up.」

While I’m writing in agony, I was kicked by goshujin-sama. I want to cry.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 260: Welcome to Genocide Club. The first rule of Genocide Club is: you do not stay shy about Genocide Club.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Welcome to Genocide Club. The first rule of Genocide Club is: you do not stay shy about Genocide Club.

With this chapter I’ve now caught up with the raws – there’s nothing left to translate currently. This is mostly because the author hasn’t released any new chapters for about a month though.

There’s nothing I can do about this nor do I have any idea how long it might be until new raws start appearing, so please don’t ask. For now I won’t pick up any other projects so that I can resume translations as soon as the author releases new chapters.

260 – Just who created all this chaos!?

It seems vampire girl has charged into the mansion in a somewhat confused state. Well, okay, whatever. Actually, it’s not okay but, well, this is the vampire girl we’re talking about. From the monitoring done by my clones I have a rough idea what happened anyway.

But, you know? Once the mood progressed to a dubious stage I cut the monitoring, but when they came out there was a new vampire. Peeking in on a love scene is certainly too much so I had cut the monitoring, but I seriously wonder what happened.

For starters, I’ll silence the vampire girl, who is squawking noisily.

「Bleaugh!」

Today we have a beautiful demonstration of a く shape by vampire girl. The moment the boy with her sees that, his eyes open wide.

「How dare you!」

He comes rushing at me. Drawing his sword he attempts to stab me. Ah, vampire girl, I guess you haven’t disciplined your retainer yet huh?

The moment I decided to deal with him properly, a figure suddenly landed between the boy and me. The figure used something like a Judo throwing technique to push the boy down onto the floor, locking his elbow joint. Since he’s a vampire I’m sure he could deliberately break his arm to escape from that, but he’s fresh out of the oven though. I’m sure such an unconventional technique wouldn’t occur to him yet.

「Ugh, let me go!」

「I will not. This is for your sake as well, Waldo-sama. You must not oppose this lady.」

「That voice… No way, Felmina!?」

Ooh, he noticed. That’s correct. The one who’s on top of you is actually your ex-fiancée Felmina-chan.

She’s a pitiful girl who made valiant efforts to try to save the poor boys under the Charm of vampire girl, and on top of being crushed, or rather ignored, she was then cast aside by the fiancé she tried to save. To take care of and support such a girl – I’m super nice! In addition, I’m giving her training and work to do as well – I’m super caring!

「Waldo-sama, please calm down. Otherwise you will be killed.」

Oh, you think she’s looking at me with fearful eyes? It’s just your imagination. I won’t kill him okay? That kid is technically the child of a big shot noble anyway. Killing him would lead to bothersome stuff. So you don’t need to be so afraid, okay? Really?

「Gahah! Uh, uuhhn. Cough. Goshujin-sama, could you please not kick me every time?」

Ah, vampire girl has revived. She’s wiping away blood that slipped from her mouth with a handkerchief. Don’t mind the little things. It’s not like she’d die anyway.

「By the way goshujin-sama, who is that girl? She seems to be an acquaintance of Waldo though.」

「Eh?」← Felmina

「Eh?」← Waldo

「Eh?」← Me

「Eh?」← Vampire girl

Heavy silence. Umm, vampire girl, seriously, could it be that you don’t remember Felmina-chan? Or rather, you never even had any awareness of her? How wretched…

Sorry, our vampire girl is a bit like THAT on the inside. She doesn’t mean any harm. Because she doesn’t mean to she ignores her own wickedness though.

While sitting astride on Waldo-kun, Felmina-chan’s shoulders start to shiver softly. Waldo-kun drops his gaze to the floor with an ashamed expression. Vampire girl realises she’s done something bad but doesn’t know the cause, and while pretending to be calm she’s totally giving herself away with her flustered eyes.

So this is a love triangle huh. It’s nothing to do with me though so I’ll evacuate. Let’s go.

「Don’t you run away!」

Tsk, vampire girl caught my sleeve. Even if you beg me with such a face, there are some things that even I cannot do anything about! In other words, friendship, effort, conquest, love or passion infused communication, and most of all, I don’t understand the human heart.

Gahh! Let go! I’m escaping from here! Or rather, don’t drag me into this! Isn’t this a bomb you planted! It’s already exploded beyond hope so just beg for forgiveness on your belly! Well, it’s not like she herself even realises what she did wrong though anyway.

「Erm. Just how did things end up like this I wonder.」

Oni-kun! You came at a good time! Save me!

「In short, the start of the incident was Sophia-san turning Waldo-san into a vampire then.」

「Indeed.」

Things have calmed down for the moment, so we started holding an inquiry in a relatively small conference room inside the mansion. After all, this mansion has rooms as big as university lecture rooms apparently are. I’ve not been to a university lecture, so the only image I have is of a large sprawling classroom with university students milling around.

In contrast to oni-kun’s weary expression, vampire girl replies with a brazen expression, or at least she thinks so herself. It’s obviously impossible to smooth over a face that’s so close to crying though.

「Then, when Waldo-san became hostile towards Shiro-san for kicking Sophia-san, Felmina-san stopped him.」

「Yes.」

「Indeed.」

The apparently calm looking Waldo-kun, and the still somewhat depressed looking Felmina-chan reply.

「So, that’s when Sophia-san asked who Felmina-san was.」

Silence. Vampire girl’s face has cramped, Waldo-kun is trying to keep his face immobile but surely he’s not calm on the inside and Felmina-chan’s response was to start crying again.

「Felmina-san tried all sorts of things to rescue Waldo-san from the effects of Sophia’s Charm, but in the end those failed. Waldo-san then denounced and expelled her. Afterwards, she was taken into Shiro-san’s care and worked as a subordinate.」

「Indeed.」

Felmina-chan confirms oni-kun’s words while crying. Against the opponent she fought so hard against, she’d obviously be downhearted to have not even been recognised.

「In conclusion, it’s Sophia-san’s fault.」

「Objection!」

「Objection overruled.」

Oni-kun’s decrees his judgement, vampire girl demurs. Oni-kun immediately overrules. No mercy at all.

「No matter how I look at it, it’s Sophia-san’s fault. In the first place, are you using Charm on people and brainwashing them as a joke? That’s not something you should do to the same people as yourself. It’s an atrocity.」

Scathing criticism, as if despising her utterly. I’m somewhat surprised. Oni-kun has a rather gentle personality after all, so I wouldn’t have expected him to express his emotions in words so strongly. Well, after thinking about it for a bit I guess I can understand. When all’s said and done, oni-kun is the Ruler of Wrath. Deep in his heart dwells an endless rage. Instead, his gentle everyday guise should be considered the exception, and this guise should be considered the norm.

In response to the unexpectedly strong criticism, vampire girl shudders for a moment then looks downward. Felmina-chan looks on at that vampire girl with a cold expression and Waldo-kun doesn’t interpose himself. That Waldo-kun has decided to stay beside vampire girl still despite being cut off from Charm, suggesting he’s taken a side. Or rather, if he’d just casually tagged along here without thinking then he’d have to be a seriously shallow guy.

「…am not…」

Vampire girl mutters in a subdued voice. Even with my sense of hearing that’s all I could hear, that’s how soft a mutter it was. However, it was clear that it was a mutter with real determination behind it.

「What?」

「I’m not the same!」

This time she shouts.

「I am a vampire. I’m not a normal person. I’m not the same.」

Most likely, I’m the only one here who comprehended the weight of the words she has said here and now. Those words are a declaration that vampire girl will completely cast aside her humanity. But…

「And, what of it?」

The mood in this chamber, has gotten as heavy as lead. Anger is pressing down so hard it might as well have mass.

「There’s good deeds and then there’s evil deeds. No matter what reasons you might have, evil deeds are still evil. What you’ve done, is evil no matter how much you protest.」

Felmina-chan gulps. Waldo-kun’s face stiffens while not being able to preserve his poker face.

「What you call evil deeds, is the way of life for vampires. To deny me that, means to deny my very being itself. If it’s evil then fine. That’s who I am.」

All by herself, vampire girl directly accepted that anger head-on.

They glare at each other.

Only time passes by.

Umm, I’m getting pretty hungry, so mind if I leave?

—

“love scene” – the word used here (“nureba”) originates from Kabuki theatre. It can also be used to refer to love/romantic/sex scenes in films.

“くshape” – a follow-on reference from “Oni 11”.

“he’s fresh out of the oven though” – the implication here is that Waldo has only just become a vampire. A newly baked vampire as it were, so isn’t used to things.

“beg for forgiveness on your belly” – Shiro suggests that Sophia do a “dogeza”.

When Sophia says “I’m not the same” that’s in response to Wrath’s “same people as yourself”. Here, the “same people as yourself” has the sense of “fellow humans” but without explicitly saying “human”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-15: Non-human
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 15 – Non-human

Author’s comment:

Summary up to the –

Vampire – Ate what was offered to her ?

Oni – What are you doing? Are you an idiot who wants to die? ?

Spider – Nothing to do with me ?

We glare at each other. The anger simmering in my chest boils up, and I somehow manage to contain it in desperation. If my anger explodes here, then it’s obvious that I will lose control of myself to Wrath again. That’s why, even while glaring at Sophia-san, I fully utilised my powers of reason and attempted to suppress the anger burning within me.

To me, what Sophia-san has done is not something that I can forgive. Charm magic, brainwashing and forced slavery. Those are the ones I detest the most. Then after calmly doing all that, Sophia-san used the excuse “because I’m a vampire” and became defiant – I will never be able to forgive that.

Coincident with that, in the back of my mind I realise that the point of the conversation has shifted. To begin with, this all started from when Sophia-san turned the demon called Waldo-san into a vampire. Furthermore, before that he was related to the charm magic that Sophia-san had spread everywhere, but let’s not go there. In that case, what’s important right now, is what Waldo-san thinks about having become a vampire I guess.

「Waldo-san.」

「Y, yes?」

When I call out to him, Waldo-san responds in a shrill voice. From his point of view both Sophia-san and I are pretty much monsters. With the likes of us two glaring at each other in this closed space, it certainly would have become a very uneasy place to be in. It’s not surprising that he couldn’t conceal the tension in his voice.

「Waldo-san, what do you think about having become a vampire?」

To my inquiry, Waldo-san ponders for a moment.

「I think of it as an honour.」

In that moment, he was probably thinking what the best answer could be. So that he could convey in a short phrase that he himself wanted to become a vampire, and had decided that even after hearing about the charm magic. In that case, there’s nothing more for me to say regarding Waldo-san. However, the other matter is different.

「Waldo-san is saying that. That he himself wished for it, so because of that I have no intention to say anything more. However, Felmina-san deserves an apology. Her life has been ruined because of Sophia-san. No matter how you look at it, that’s your fault. Regardless of stuff about vampires etc.」

Without averting my eyes from Sophia-san, I declare that. In this brief period I’ve fully grasped just how big Sophia-san’s obsession about being a vampire is. However, that and this are different matters. Whether you’re a vampire or whatever, there’s no way that absolves the guilt of having ruined someone’s life. On top of that, because she’s completely forgotten about it, it cannot be settled.

Sophia-san doesn’t move while glaring at me. However, her eyes are swimming a bit. I guess even she senses that she’s at a disadvantage. Her attitude is like that of a scolded child desperately looking for a way to escape.

Suddenly, something feels out of place. Sophia-san and I are both reincarnators. Combining this and our previous existence it adds up to quite a lot of age. Yet despite that, going by how she behaves her mind seems quite childish. I wonder what that is about?

「Sophia.」

My pondering is interrupted by Shiro-san’s voice. It’s a quiet voice, but has a strength of presence that cannot be ignored. On hearing that voice, Sophia-san gains a small gleam in her eyes. Is she expecting assistance perhaps?

「Apologise to Felmina-chan.」

However, the words that Shiro-san speaks, are not what Sophia-san was expecting. For an instant Sophia-san has a vacant expression of surprise on her face, and after that her face turns red in a flash. She throws a glare at Felmina-san and,

「Don’t get cocky because you were called with -chan!」

Saying that she runs off. For your sharp parting remark, that’s what you went with? It seems it’s not just me who is dumbfounded, as there’s a strange and unspeakable atmosphere pervading the room.

With that atmosphere, the first one to move was Waldo-san. Imploring the faces of the other three people, his glancing eyes turn towards the door that Sophia-san left through. Seeing Waldo-san like that, Felmina-san makes an imploring expression at Shiro-san. In response to that, Shiro-san silently nods her assent. Having received that, Felmina-san accompanies Waldo-san and leaves.

Remaining are just me and Shiro-san. I look at Shiro-san’s face. It’s as expressionless as ever. However, she seems somewhat displeased.

「Do you have some spare time?」

I call out to Shiro-san to forestall her as she appears about to get up. I originally came here because I had some business with Shiro-san. I just got dragged into Sophia-san’s mess. As for when I questioned her and the others, properly speaking I had no right to pry into that as an outsider.

「Why is Sophia-san like that?」

Yet despite that, that’s the question that I raise. Even though I have important matters that I must discuss. Because we’ve had a death battle in the past, perhaps I’ve developed some strange sentiment?

To my query, Shiro-san doesn’t reply for a while. I got used to it during the question and answer session in the other dimension, but a conversation with Shiro-san requires patience. Since she’s not standing up, I think she intends to reply. I think that if she didn’t intend to reply then she probably would have left without saying anything.

「Because she’s not human.」

The reply she gave after a lengthy pause, was a bit too plain for me to be able to understand. Because she’s not human, well, saying that, I’m not human either. However, even though we’re both non-human, I still don’t understand Sophia-san.

「A human cannot understand a spider’s feelings. A spider cannot understand a frog’s feelings.」

It seems my doubt showed on my face. At Shiro-san’s words, I understand somewhat. Even if we’re both non-humans, I am an oni while Sophia-san is a vampire. Though human-shaped non-humans may be grouped together, there is still a clear difference. Because of that, misunderstandings will occur, is what Shiro-san is probably saying.

Certainly, I don’t know anything about vampires. Neither the reason why Sophia-san obsesses about being a vampire, or how they live. Though she is clearly at fault, she was still so opposed to apologising, so perhaps there is something that a vampire is unable to conceed. Though even if I think that, I still cannot forgive her after all.

Though saying that, blaming her one-sidedly might be barking up the wrong tree. Maybe I need to know a little about vampires.

When I gather my thoughts and raise my head, Shiro-san is eating something. If I’m not mistaken, then that appears to be the leg of a huge frog. Shiro-san is expressionlessly stuffing that into her mouth and eating it. Ah, it certainly seems that my understanding of non-humans is lacking. I have realised that just from seeing this scene. Furthermore, not being in the mood to ask any further questions, and having not confirmed anything about what I had originally wanted to ask, I ended up leaving in dejection.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-32: Sulkiness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 32 – Sulkiness

There’s been too much happening lately and it feels like my head is going to explode. When I woke up after going to bed in a huff and looked at things calmly, even I wonder what was up with me yesterday.

What Wrath was saying is correct. Even now I still can’t remember Felmina and so on, or rather, I don’t think I even have any awareness of her. Even I can realise that that is cruel. I myself understand one-sidedly treating someone like an enemy, having them take no notice of me, and then suffering the crushing shock of not even being recognised. Because I have experienced that myself. To Wakaba Hiiro, the existence of Negishi Akiko, was like that. After we have been reborn, being able to have our current relationship, gives a strange feeling though.

What I’ve done to Felmina, is bad I’m sure. I understand that. I understand it, but I don’t feel like simply apologising.

The heck? Felmina-”chan”, eh! I’d never have expected -chan. For THAT goshujin-sama, to AMIABLY, use -CHAN!

Sigh. Calm down, me. Recently, haven’t I become a bit strange when it comes to goshujin-sama? I’m aware of how things were in our previous existence, but it somehow feels like things have recently been developing in an entirely different direction. This is a bad trend I’m sure.

However, I can’t deny that I’ve thought of Felmina as being annoying anyway, and I don’t think that feeling will change either. If I actually apologise with things as they are now, it’d simply be for form’s sake and without an ounce of sincerity. If I’m going to apologise it should be after repenting honestly and my feelings having cooled down.

Besides all that, the one who annoys me the most right now, is that damn outsider who stuck his nose in and acts as if he owns the place and told me to apologise – Wrath. What’s with that high-and-mighty view of his own opinion! Bad things are bad!? I understand that without being told! That’s why recently I’ve been vomiting while agonising after all!

Spurred on by my seething irritation, I get up from the bed I was lying on. In the end I didn’t return to the dormitory yesterday, and was put up at the mansion overnight. When I open the curtains, I’m bathed in refreshing sunlight. It won’t turn me into ashes of course, but that light makes my heart melancholy.

I’m sure they were waiting until I was awake, since with good timing there is a knock on the door. When I reply, one of the maids of the mansion asks if I need assistance with getting ready. I politely decline, and head over to the dining table where breakfast is being prepared. I find that other people are already there.

One of them is goshujin-sama. Her expression is the same as ever, but that’s the face of someone thinking of nothing else but the breakfast she is about to eat. With that mood about her, I’m sure she won’t respond.

「Good morning.」

「Good morning.」

I exchange greetings with Wrath, the other person already here. As if the room temperature had literally decreased, a battle of dangerous glares unfolds between us. Neither of us intend to yield, that much is clear.

A while after we start glaring at each other, the food is brought in. I’m sure just entering into this space where Wrath and I are trying to stare each other down is painful, so I’m impressed that the serving maids didn’t allow anything to show on their faces. I separate my gaze from Wrath whose spirit had wavered, and take a seat next to goshujin-sama.

The entire meal time is silent. After we’ve finished eating, Wrath turns to look at me. That is clearly telling me that he wants to talk afterwards.

「Sophia, this is convenient timing so let’s go visit the Divine Word Religion.」

Ripping that apart, is a rare long sentence from goshujin-sama. In this atmosphere, to completely ignore that and talk about taking me somewhere, her nerves are the same as ever, but where did you say you’re taking me? If I didn’t mishear, she said the Divine Word Religion or something?

「Eh? What do you mean?」

It’s a bad habit of goshujin-sama, but she orders other people about without explanation, only giving the conclusion from her own reasoning. No matter what, I don’t understand why I should be visiting the Divine Word Religion. Saying that, where exactly is the Divine Word Religion? Doesn’t the Divine Word Religion have locations spread out around the world though?

Goshujin-sama is expressionless. Saying that, I don’t think it’s just my imagination that she appears to be astonished. Why doesn’t she ever realise that her explanations are lacking, I really wish she would stop that.

「Divine Word Religion?」

While I’m agonising over what to do, Wrath’s murmur brings me back to my senses. From the way he said it, it seems like he didn’t understand the meaning of the words “Divine Word Religion”. Ahh. I guess that would be the case for those living in the demon territory? I haven’t heard Wrath’s detailed personal history, but I’ve heard he was a goblin though. Then I guess it’s no surprise that he doesn’t know about the religions of the human territories, since they don’t exist in the demon territories either.

「The Divine Word Religion is a religious belief worshipped widely amongst the humans. Calling the System messages the Voice of God, they promote actively raising levels and skills in order to hear it more often, or some such nonsense.」

Privately though, I attach the comment that they’re the bastards who killed my parents. That’s not relevant right now though, so there’s no need for me to go out of my way to explain that to him, so I’ll conceal it instead. Or rather, you should just be glad to have a decent explanation. To my explanation, Wrath makes an “hmm” expression and then his face seems to tighten in sudden realisation.

「Shiro-san, that doctrine is…」

To Wrath’s words, goshujin-sama nods. Hey, what are you two doing ignoring me and having your own private understanding? How did you communicate between you with just that?

「Would it be possible for me to come as well?」

Goshujin-sama nods yet again. This is a nod to affirm that it’s okay to come, right? Is it just me who keenly feels that a troublesome situation, has suddenly gotten even worse?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con1: Informal Conference 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ①

It somehow ended up with oni-kun going with the flow and also participating, but it’ll work out somehow. Or rather, I’ve kidnapped vampire-girl who still doesn’t understand the situation and teleported. Here we are at the Divine Word Religion headquarters! Like last time, we charge into the pope’s office.

As if welcoming us as we arrive, the pope drops the documents in his hands, and the guard with him quickly responds, while the attendants and officials stare in shock. When I came last time he was talking with Kusama-kun so maybe he had cleared out the room for a private chat? He’s normally a nice person I guess.

「A6.」

The moment the guard was about to make a move, the pope spoke.

「This is Case 3. Act according to that.」

「Yessir!」

At the pope’s words the guard responds, leaving the room we’re in. The pope seemed to use a code-word so I can’t quite understand it, but “Case 3” probably refers to me appearing I guess? Did he predict several hypothetical cases, and practice so that they can respond to any situation? Are negotiations cancelled then?

「I would prefer it if you would not suddenly appear with teleportation, and instead come through the main entrance.」

I ignore the pope’s complaint. It’s not like they’d give us a warm reception if we came through the main entrance anyway. How would we explain our way through?

「This is not an appropriate place. Currently, a conference room is being prepared. Would it be acceptable to wait in an anteroom until then?」

Somehow, an implication that “you suddenly turned up so wait for a bit, since we gotta prepare as well you dolts” seems to be heard, but I’m surely just imaging it. I nod in acknowledgement.

「Then, please come this way.」

The attendant indicated by the pope guides us. We are led to an anteroom as indicated, and drink some of the tea provided while we relax.

「Say, where is this place?」

Vampire girl is the one asking such a belated question.

「The Holy Country of Aleius. The person just now was the pope.」

The Holy Country of Aleius is the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion. And of course the pope is at the top. With just that even vampire girl should be able to comprehend the current situation I’m sure.

「Eh? What do you mean?」

Correction. It seems she’s even more confused.

「Shiro-san. How much do you know about this Divine Word Religion bunch?」

In place of the rubbish vampire girl who I had been counting on, oni-kun makes a pointed comment. Really, maybe it would be better to leave the negotiations with the pope to oni-kun?

「Nearly everything.」

From the start I had known quite a bit, but I had learnt much more on top of that. I’ve come today to use that knowledge as a basis, and we shall see if the Divine Word Religion feel inclined to fall into step with us.

「Then, the reason why you’ve come this time, is for the demons and Divine Word Religion to join hands behind the scenes?」

Oni-kun makes such a good esper that it’s scary. Well, I guess it’s inevitable to make a bit of a leap in logic. To be precise, it’s actually a preliminary step though.

「If possible.」

「In other words, depending upon these negotiations huh.」

Oni-kun understands the current situation, having a grave expression. Having come to understand just how serious a place he finds himself in, it seems like he’s braced himself. Depending on the situation, this could become a historic event where the demons and humans conspire behind the scenes after all.

「Hey! What’s going on!? Explain it so that I can understand!」

Vampire girl makes a racket, but I ignore her. It was foolish of me to have expectations in her. I shall leave the negotiations to oni-kun. What will be will be. Well, vampire girl and the Divine Word Religion have a significant connection between them, so it’s not meaningless for her to meet with the top guy here this one time. It’s possible that if vampire girl rampages that the negotiations could be cancelled as a result, but it’ll work out somehow. If it doesn’t then the Demon King will just get a hole in her stomach. Also, Balto might die from overwork. It won’t harm me so there’s nothing to worry about.

Afterwards, while I monopolised the provided sweets, oni-kun finally managed to explain the situation to vampire girl. Somehow, I can’t tell if those two are on bad terms or good terms. Well, though the situation yesterday left them on bad terms, I don’t think that they are fundamentally incompatible with each other in the end. If they can face each other properly then maybe they can reconcile? I don’t have any intention of doing anything bothersome like mediating between them though.

After about 30 minutes it seems the preparations are finally complete. It feels like vampire girl and oni-kun had a mutual exchange of information, but it was wise of them not to ask me anything. Those two had a pretty heated exchange of views, but to me it was mostly in one ear and out the other, so even if they asked me something I wouldn’t have been able to answer. Most of all, I’m not the type to simply reply when asked anyway. I shall praise them for understanding that much about me.

We were guided by the attendant to a quite splendid conference room. Furthermore, a barrier against eavesdropping and fluoroscopy has been erected, so I can infer that the Divine Word Religion is taking this conference with thorough attitude. These guys are serious. Somehow, this makes me feel bad for turning up with half-hearted feelings. Even if you told me to get serious, all my consciousness is focused on how to manage to have a conversation at all, so concentrating on that point leaves me with no margin to consider anything else!

There’s a large table placed in the center of the conference room, and I take a seat at the attendant’s guidance. I peremptorily take the middle, with vampire girl and oni-kun taking seats to my side. Oh, well, whatever, I’m in the middle huh. Opposite us is the pope in the center, with various people who feel like big shots. Amongst them are a few youngsters who feel out of place. Perhaps as a representative reincarnator for the Divine Word Religion, Kusama-kun is seated while looking stiff with nervousness. He’s normally like a high-spirited idiot, but I guess Kusama-kun is just a self-conscious commoner when push comes to shove. Are you going to be okay like that?

Now then, how will this go I wonder. Oni-kun, do you best!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con2: Informal Conference 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ②

「Well then, while informal, let us begin the conference between the Divine Word Religion and the demons.」

At the pope’s words the conference begins. For the pope to get the ball rolling, maybe he doesn’t want us to gain the initiative – is that his attitude I wonder? To be honest when these sorts of exchanges in showing of all your power and the arm twisting begins, I don’t understand all the finer details and customs. Well, I don’t care about taking the initiative, so if he wants to advance things then I have nothing to say. Or rather, I nothing to say in general anyway.

「Let us begin with some self-introductions. I shall begin. I am the 57th pope of the Divine Word Religion, Dustin the 61st. Pleased to make your acquaintance.」

The pope’s self-introduction concludes. Continuing on, all of the Divine Word Religion people give a self-introduction, but to be honest I don’t have any intention to remember any of them except the pope and Kusama-kun. Though the Divine Word Religion pope is the 57th generation, the name he gave is Dustin the 61st. I wonder how many people in this world actually understand the meaning of that.

It is a declaration that, after having lived 60 times, he is experiencing his 61st life. That he is self-aware of that, that he has experienced that, that he understands the meaning of that. And on the basis of that, he named himself thus. Just by naming himself, in his name, he has the weight of 61 people. Or possibly, more than that.

「I am Sajin, a member of the d-dark ops squad diwreckly under the pope. I am a reincarnator, and my name in the previous world was Kusama Shinobu.」

Kusama-kun introduced himself with a trembling voice. Or rather, he faltered. What’s “diwreckly”? I’m sure he meant to say “directly”, but he clearly faltered there eh.

I hear my neighbor oni-kun mutter “Kusama?” in a quiet voice. That reminds me, I get the feeling that oni-kun and Kusama-kun were on pretty good terms. Kusama-kun might have been a member of Natsume-kun’s group, but he was the type to talk with other boys on occasion. Though I say that he was a member of Natsume-kun’s group it might be better to say that he was involved with him for a long time, and wasn’t the type of idiot to idolize Natsume-kun either. Kusama-kun was that type of commoner. Being in the vicinity of the most powerful person amongst the humans, his situation hasn’t changed much in this world.

「That concludes our self-introductions. Can you please begin on your side, Miss Nightmare of the Labyrinth?」

Bwah!? Wha, isn’t that one huge fucking bomb you just dropped there!? Well, I am aware that I am called by this slightly embarrassing chuunibyou-esque name amongst the humans, but is that something you should say right in front of the person in question!? No no, that’s not the problem. How was it exposed that I’m the same entity as the Nightmare of the Labyrinth? Where did that information leak? Ugh, to actually shock me twice, what a fearsome pope! This is a whole different league to Argnar I guess. I can’t be careless here.

Be cool! It’s still okay. That they know shouldn’t be a problem, except being a little bit embarrassing, probably! Just feign being calm.

「I call myself Shiro. Please address me as such.」

Please don’t call me by a nickname like Nightmare of the Labyrinth, okay. I adamantly refuse that. Also vampire girl, why are you staring at me with such astonishment? Was it my tone? If I try even I can use a bit of polite speech you know.

「Shiro-sama then. Excuse me but, amongst the demons what kind of role might you have?」

A sharp glance from the pope. His appearance is that of a good-natured old man, but in his eyes lies a blade whose sharpness cannot be concealed. As expected of the boss of the huge religion that manipulates the whole of humanity from the shadows. He’s nothing like what he seems.

Anyway, that’s a troublesome question. I don’t actually have any official status amongst the demons do I. If I had to say something then a relative of the Demon King? Hmm. If it was going to be like this then maybe I should have asked for some kind of official position from the Demon King? After this is over, let’s get some kind of official position. That should make it easier to take action in future anyway. Putting the future to one side, how should I answer for now huh?

「I have not come on behalf of the demons today, instead it is as one of the Administrators of the world that I am here.」

Safe! Also, a declaration that I am an Administrator! I want to praise myself for constraining the opponent while evading the attack! Hey, even I can converse if I try! When making my thoughts turn over at full power to the degree that my brain cells might explode and I might vomit blood on opening my mouth! So don’t bring me up as a subject too much okay!

So as to declare my intentions to not talk any further, I urge the two to the left and right of me to do their own self-introductions. I let vampire girl and oni-kun know that I’ve finished my conversation by glancing at both of them. It seems that the self-introductions will start with vampire girl.

「I am Sophia Keren. A reincarnator. However, I have no intention of speaking my previous name. If pressed, maybe it would be easier if I say here that I’m the noble daughter of the ex-Earl Keren, whose home you people attacked.」

Bwah!? Even my ally is a fucking bomb dropping idiot!? Hey, you’re saying that now? Erm, well, I was the one who hoped it would lead to vampire girl’s growth, and for that reason brought in such an unpredictable explosive though! Please read the mood a bit more, and pick a more opportune moment for the revelations! Don’t just suddenly bomb the whole area!

「I’m Wrath. I’m also a reincarnator, but like Sophia-san I intend to abstain from declaring my name from the previous world. If you really want to know then ask Kusama over there later please.」

Phew. At least oni-kun gave a safe introduction. Good, good.

「I am a “kijin” who evolved from an ogre.」

Bwah!? I don’t know what oni-kun intended by saying that, but suddenly the expression of many of the Divine Word Religion people has changed!? Particularly the pope! It seems he’s gone into deep thought.

Huh? Isn’t this strange? Just with the self-introductions the situation has become incredibly threatening though? Am I the only one who can’t foresee this conference ending in peace and tranquility?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con3: Informal Conference 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ③

Author’s note: The pope’s point of view.

Even when I tried calling her the Nightmare of the Labyrinth there was no reaction. She casually called herself Shiro. With no changes in expression, I cannot perceive her emotions. Her eyes are closed as well, so even there I cannot get any read on her. “The eyes are the windows to the soul”, is a saying from Sajin’s world. I thought it was a perfectly fitting phrase when I heard it. When I am talking with someone I am also looking at their eyes. That is also part of etiquette, and when someone’s eyes move their emotions can be read as well. If the eyes are closed then it means that such information cannot be gained, though conversely by closing one’s view it means that information that could have been gained is abandoned. Or perhaps it means that without relying on her sense of sight, that it’s enough for her to use sound and the flow of air?

In any case, I wonder if Shiro-sama judges us to be worthy from her point of view? That she considers it worthwhile merely to take a seat here and to give her name and for the conference to continue? I hope so at least, but let’s see.

From the white spiders drawn in that book, it was implied that Shiro-sama was related to the Nightmare of the Labyrinth. From there, when considering the specifics of the Nightmare of the Labyrinth, the natural solution could be derived. That the Nightmare of the Labyrinth was a reincarnator. Understanding that much is simple enough. Making it is possible to believe that Shiro-sama herself is the Nightmare of the Labyrinth. From the fragmentary available evidence, that much can be reasoned. So as to confirm that answer, just for that it would be worthwhile to take a seat in these discussions. We are being tested. By this girl who claims to be an Administrator.

From the contents of the book that she handed over, it is not the case that I had never considered that. However, when someone declares themselves to be an Administrator in a face-to-face meeting, it is also a fact that I suddenly had the feeling that it was unbelieveable. In desperation I managed to gloss over it so that it wouldn’t show in my expression, but whether it worked or not is another matter. It’s probably better to think that it did not. If it really is the case that she ascended all the way to the top with the position of Administrator, then whether her eyes are closed or not, it is certain that she can perfectly understand the events of the world. Even if that’s not the case, if she has evolved from a spider monster, then it would not be at all strange for her to see the world in a different way to humans. It might be better to think that the reason why she has her eyes closed, is not because she can’t see but because she doesn’t need to see.

It has been quite some time since I last began a conference in such unfavourable circumstances, where the other party has already seized the initiative. It makes me recall the ones with Black Dragon-sama. I’m uncertain whether she really is an Administrator or not. Was there nothing false in the contents of the book she handed over? Determining that matter is perhaps the single most important reason for this conference. At the same time, providing that it is the whole truth, I had to impress upon the others that there was value in meeting with her just for that. If this goes badly, this conference could decide the fate of the whole of humanity. On the assumption that it is the truth, we absolutely must not offend her.

However, before this venture even began it is possible a blunder has been made. Who would have thought that both of her companions were reincarnators! In addition, that they had a non-trivial negative attitude towards the humans.

Sophia Keren. The only daughter of the former Earl Keren who was a feudal lord in the country of Sariera where the Goddess Religion is established as the state religion. The war engineered to chip away at the power of the Goddess Religion destroyed the Keren territory. Earl Keren and his wife both perished. The daughter was unaccounted for, but since even the intelligence network of the Divine Word Religion could not ascertain her fate, it was feared that she had either died long ago or had been kidnapped by the elves. But then, considering that even Black Dragon-sama raised the subject, I had thought it unlikely that she was with the elves. To think that she slipped by our information network and took shelter in the demon territory. Perhaps shortly after that war, she went to the demon territory by teleportation. Perhaps I should consider it Black Dragon-sama’s guidance? Based on her manner of speaking, she is aware that the Divine Word Religion initiated that war. I have no choice but to conclude that she has a highly negative opinion towards us.

Wrath. It is the first time that I heard his name, but I remember the rampaging ogre who caused great damage to the Empire. All the more because I had suspicions that he might be a reincarnator. The sequence of events that led to him becoming hostile to the humans is unknown, but it was impossible to discuss that matter since he had given himself up to anger. It is conjectured that he had activated the “Anger” series of skills. When the Anger skills are activated the status values increase drastically, but it has the demerit that one’s reason is blown away. In repeated battles with humans, he would activate that skill, so surely he lost the ability to regain his reason. Then the Empire gave up on subjugating him, drove him towards the demon territory, and successfully forced him onto the demons. At least that should have been the case, but it seems that he was able to regain his reason somehow, and is now participating as a member of the demons in the end. Unlike Sophia-jou, it is unclear to what degree that he has a negative opinion towards the humans, with that unknown aspect being troubling. With his searching gaze, I understand that he is testing us though. I want to discuss with Sajin what sort of person he was in the past, but I obviously cannot ask in this place.

Wait. He declared with conviction that if we ask Sajin then we can learn his previous name. In other words, it means that Sajin knows who he actually is. Where did he and Sajin contact each other? But, Sajin has always been beside me. Wherever he was deployed to, we never allowed him to be alone. That being the case, what does this mean? Thinking about it, when he was an ogre, at any time did he try to go meet with Sajin thinking that he might be a reincarnator? However, Sajin reported back then that there was no opportunity to talk with him. There was nothing false in that report. The other dark ops members who were accompanying him also had identical reports. In that case, maybe it is his face? Shiro-sama’s face according to Sajin was almost unchanged compared to Wakaba Hiiro in her previous life. Then it wouldn’t be strange for Wrath-dono’s face to be equally similar to his previous life perhaps? In that case, is Sophia-jou’s face also similar to her previous one?

I want to confirm with Sajin, but it is not important to do so now. What is important, is the fact that Shiro-sama has brought these two with her. Since she specifically brought them, it means she has a reason for doing so.

Author’s note: This took place in three seconds. How strange. The story isn’t progressing at all!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con4: Informal Conference 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ④

「Then, having concluded the self-introductions, let us move on to the main subject.」

After a brief gap, the pope continues the conversation. Ojii-sama, you’re amazin’. You can continue the conversation in this heavy atmosphere without flinching? It would be impossible for me you know. Do your best ojii-sama, don’t lose ojii-sama, I know nothing.

「Then, would it be acceptable if we both speak frankly today, about the contents of this book?」

What the pope takes out, is the book I handed over last time. Written in there is information on the current state of the world, the movements the demons will make because of that, and also information on the reincarnators as an extra bonus. Also, the most important one is a proposal about possibly building up an anti-elf collaborative organisation. What’s still not in there, is my plan for saving the world. Depending on the result of the conference I might reveal it to them, but the pope will likely become an enemy in the end. In consideration for that, for the immediate future I guess it’s good enough if we can cooperate purely on our common enemy – until the elves are defeated, in other words. If they reply with a “yes”, then our actions will become easier, and if it’s a “no” then instead our actions will become difficult. However, at worst it would just be “difficult”, and it shouldn’t affect the overall situation.

To the pope’s words I give a slight nod. I have no intention of being frank, but I’m sure they feel the same way as well.

「Firstly, regarding a discrepancy in perception on the current situation, I shall express the opinion of the Divine Word Religion」

Hm? Discrepancy?

「According to the contents written here, it is suggested that in the near future that the world will collapse, but in the opinion of the Divine Word Religion a complete collapse is calculated to be at least 100 years away and possibly several times that. Regarding this discrepancy, I wish to request an explanation.」

Crap. This might be a bit bad for me.

「That perception is wrong.」

「No. I do not believe it is wrong. The current MA Energy filling rate could certainly be said to be in a critical situation. Nevertheless, it should be possible to compensate for that. By the will of the Goddess Sariel-sama, who we know as the god of the Divine Word.」

I took them lightly. There is a clear difference in power between us for a start, and that regardless of the negotiations the final result would not change. Or so I thought. However, it appears that I underestimated this ojii-sama a bit too much. I never thought that he would actually have such an accurate understanding of the System. If he’s grasped that much, he would be capable of understanding my plan without any discussion. However, that is dangerous. If it’s this ojii-sama, then unlike even the Demon King and Administrator Kuro, he might go so far as to realise the biggest downside in my plan. That is, the massive fatalities in life across this world when the System collapses.

Precisely because of that, the pope will definitely become my enemy in the end. Although he has experience of Taboo, since he is a man who gives maximum priority to humanity’s survival, it will happen. That being the case, I cannot afford to be frank about my plan here. Even if the pope realises that truth, he is still no match for me. After all, he’s only a Ruler. However, it would be bad if he passed that on to Kuro. If that truth is passed on to Kuro as things are now, then if he tells me to withdraw my plan, I don’t yet have the power to oppose him. Everything will fall through. I must do everything in my power to avoid that.

What to do? If I’m not able to give a somewhat satisfactory answer here, then it will breed suspicion. It’s not too bad if it just means them refusing to cooperate, but what if he reaches the truth? I don’t think he will, but it’s scary not being certain. A bit beyond what I had assumed, this ojii-sama knows too much about many things after all.

「Excuse me. May I make a statement?」

Oni-kun raises a hand. The pope gives permission.

「Referring to what you said a short while ago, it was specifically focusing on just the MA Energy. There was no mention of the abrasion of the souls of the residents of this world.」

Damn. If oni-kun now gives further details on the state of the world to the Divine Word Religion and my expectations for the future then it might backfire. I had thought of delegating the entire conversation, but I don’t want him to blurt out anything inconvenient. However, if I stop things now in a panic then it would be suspicious. If I did that, then I would definitely end up revealing that I didn’t want to talk about the real facts. Certainly the pope would have enough details to be capable of reaching one step closer to the truth. But, if oni-kun talks then it would be the same thing. What should I do!?

Or rather, oni-kun, you better not be talking about this while knowing that!? Oni-kun’s searching gaze, is not just pointed at the Divine Word Religion side, but is pointed at me as well. While comparing notes on the facts in the conversation with the Divine Word Religion, is he attempting to probe my true intentions then? Not good. I had thought I was bringing a reassuring ally, but maybe I’ve just taken upon myself an unthinkable enemy.

HELP, vampire girl! Ah, it’s hopeless. She’s set her eyes on glaring at the Divine Word Religion side. In a different meaning she’s also dangerous!

Bleah. If I unthinkingly retaliate here it might cause an explosion. What to do? The Divine Word Religion pope at the front gate, oni-kun at the back gate. In addition vampire girl is outside the gate. This crisis has exceeded my processing capabilities, oh yeah!

Be kool! I’m still okay. Even if it’s a bit bad for my image if I can keep my secrets, then I can still recover, probably.

This is a directive from the main body to the clones! From now onwards I shall commence what should be called my first serious conversation since being born! All clones are to support the main body’s thinking! I repeat, the clones are to support the main body’s thinking, and assist in the smooth operation of my mouth!

Muhaha. Even though I have one hundredth the communication ability of a normal person, with over ten thousand clones joining forces I have the ability of one hundred people! Roar, my language skills! And smooth things over here!

Translation notes:

“MA Energy filling rate” – this is the same term as used in chapter 205, when Ariel said it was just 3%.

“The Divine Word Religion pope at the front gate, oni-kun at the back gate” – this is a reference to the idiom “前門の虎、後門の狼” which is equivalent to “caught between the devil and the deep blue sea” but literally translates as “tiger at the front gate, wolf at the back gate”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con5: Informal Conference 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ⑤

Author’s note: Oni’s point of view.

Sorry Shiro-san, but I’m going to make use of this situation. I had Sophia-san explain to me just what kind of religion the Divine Word Religion is like while we were waiting. Inferring from there, and based on the words of the old man who called himself the pope, I have concluded that the Divine Word Religion has a deep understanding of the world System. If that’s the case, then I will be able to learn about the current state of the world from them.

My current information only comes from Taboo, and what Shiro-san informed me of. Even if there’s nothing false in the information from Taboo, I cannot declare that there’s nothing false in the information from Shiro-san. I’m currently in a valuable position to be able to ask the opinion of a third party, so I have no other option but to make use of this.

Having said that, if I give excessive preference to my self-interest, then it would be bad if that leads to a situation where Shiro-san’s negotiations are undermined. It’s because of Shiro-san’s good will that I’m able to have my current life, and it could even be said that I owe her my life. If I incur Shiro-san’s displeasure here, at best I’ll face expulsion. At worst I may be killed. It would be great if I can understand Shiro-san’s true intentions from this conference, but it would be bad if that results in me forfeiting my life. Somehow, while sounding out Shiro-san, I must avoid offending her, and at the same time avoid giving an advantage to the Divine Word Religion, while advancing the negotiations. This seems to be, a pretty impossible task.

In my previous life I was nothing more than a high school student, and in this world I’ve been more like a feral child who has spent little time in decent circumstances. Meanwhile, the opponents I have to take on, are Shiro-san who calls herself an Administrator of the world, and the head of the Divine Word Religion that is the biggest religion amongst the humans, of all things. Perhaps the degree of difficulty is a bit extreme.

To be honest, I don’t even know to what degree Shiro-san will tolerate things, so it is essential to promote the negotiations carefully. Depending on the situation, I might have to abandon ascertaining Shiro-san’s real intentions, and simply concentrate on the conversation with the Divine Word Religion. Well, when push comes to shove I’m sure the Divine Word Religion will support Shiro-san, so I’m not too worried. What I need to pay attention to, is how far I can probe into Shiro-san’s plans. That’s what I need to make sure of.

「With regards to the abrasion of the souls, to what extent does the Divine Word Religion comprehend this?」

Let’s begin by pressing them in this area. I don’t know to what extent the Divine Word Religion comprehends this, and what I do know only comes from the information that Shiro-san provided. What is correct, what is incorrect? I can’t even determine that.

I examine Shiro-san’s countenance. No change. Does this mean that it’s okay for me to continue? Because Shiro-san’s expression didn’t change it’s hard to read her.

「The Divine Word Religion has concluded that it is not in a critical situation.」

Hm? Something feels out of place in the pope’s words. By that, perhaps this means that they haven’t comprehend anything at all about the abrasion of the souls?

If what Shiro-san said is true, then it’s possible that a large number of people have already been sent to the afterlife, from soul abrasion. At any rate, the very people I had massacred when I was imprisoned in Wrath, had been isolated for that specific reason after all. Them being isolated was said to be due to the involvement of that other person called a god, that man in black who one-sidedly beat me up. That being the case, it’s highly probable that it is the truth. If that is a falsehood instead, then I can expose it by confirming it with that man in black directly. Considering the risk, there’s no way that she involved someone else in a lie. Or perhaps she expected me to think that way, or perhaps she thinks I won’t get the chance to meet that man in black, or perhaps that man in black is an accomplice – there’s so many ways it can all be denied, but once I start doubting everything there’s no end to it all.

Assuming that the story about the abrasion of the souls of the residents of this world is true, then the pope’s words show a distinct lack of understanding about the current situation. With the situation getting close to the final stages as shown by the large number of humans who have already been sent to the afterlife, they are overly lacking in a sense of crisis. That being the case, maybe they are entirely ignorant of this matter then?

「Not in a critical situation, huh. Even though it is possible that over ten thousand people have already been sent to the afterlife?」

The pope’s eyes begin to shake about. They become calm again in just an instant though, but the only one to manage that was the pope. The other members of the Divine Word Religion cannot conceal their discomposure.

Maybe I erred. I tossed away this perfect card in the opening round, when the Divine Word Religion had no clue. Moreover, without anything being negotiated in return.

If that’s all then it’s okay. The problem is, in the case where Shiro-san intentionally withheld this information from the Divine Word Religion. That would mean that I’ve arbitrarily handed over valuable information.

I quickly glance to the side. Shiro-san hasn’t moved. In that case, am I still safe? I have not incurred Shiro-san’s wrath just yet. I have not handed over some information that will undermine the negotiations. Or at least, I hope not…

To think not being able to read someone’s expression would be so bad for the heart, all the more so because the person is Shiro-san.

「Is that, really true?」

Maybe he concluded that there’s no use in keeping up appearances, as the pope asks in a grave voice.

「Administrator Gyuriedistodiez is involved in this matter. In his name, I shall take this occasion to swear that it is the truth.」

Instead of me, Shiro-san answers the pope’s query. If that man in black’s name has come up, then it surely means that it is the truth. No matter what kind of Administrator he may be, I cannot believe that he would make up such a lie to deceive us. I can also guess that from the sharp gleam in the pope’s eyes.

「I wish to ask for your exact opinion. Shiro-sama, in your diagnosis, how long will this world last for?」

The pope makes the inquiry.

「It will surely collapse soon.」

To the pope’s query, the reply that Shiro-san gave was quite ambiguous. Rather than giving a precise value, she said “soon”. That was also the style used in the book that she handed to me. While not being a lie, it’s not the full truth either. That’s how the words can be taken.

「Can you not inform us of a specific value?」

It seems that the pope also thought the same way as me. While he did not use a severe tone of voice, there seemed to be an audible undertone that evading this would not be tolerated.

「You are surely laying the blame at the wrong door to ask me that.」

The pope’s words, were completely dismissed.

「Please do not misunderstand, but in the first place I am an outsider to this world. While I might be lending a hand to save this world out of kindness, by all rights it you people who should be expected to resolve this no matter what. If you are getting flustered by an outsider like me informing you of the crisis at this late stage, then even if I told you that the world would end tomorrow you would surely be unable to do anything except run around like headless chickens.」

Those words seemed to be dripping with sarcasm that “can’t you even notice the world in crisis when even an outsider knows?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con6: Informal Conference 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ⑥

Author’s note: The pope’s point of view.

If you are going to treat my kindness with disdain then I have no obligation to cooperate. At hearing that undertone in her words, I realise my own mistake. I said it myself did I not? To speak frankly. Those words themselves are an insult, and that resulted in Shiro-sama’s response expressing her distrust. If that’s the case, then it means that we have led her to this judgement. That we are not worth cooperating with.

That must be avoided at all costs. Since Black Dragon-sama’s name was used, that means that Shiro-sama is acquainted with that great personage at the very least. Whether Shiro-sama herself is an Administrator or not is still unclear, but just with her being connected to a genuine Administrator it means that it cannot be flatly rejected.

In addition, the world is in a far more serious condition than we had estimated. As to what kind of phenomenon this “abrasion of the soul” is, I can only guess since I have not had a detailed explanation, but I can estimate to a certain degree. Since it is the case that Black Dragon-sama is participating, the importance must be high. Dangerously high. Enough that Shiro-sama implied that she was annoyed why us residents of this world had not even noticed.

It is no longer appropriate to sound out her true intentions. The request this time was for cooperation in countermeasures against the elves. We were not requested for cooperation relating to the world crisis. To Shiro-sama in other words, that’s probably all that the Divine Word Religion amounted to. That as for the world salvation actions that Shiro-sama mentioned taking herself, she sees no need for the cooperation of the Divine Word Religion. That was the case from the start. To misunderstand that, was our own failure in overestimating the position of the Divine Word Religion. I cannot allow for trust in the Divine Word Religion to fall any further. With barely any left, we would risk losing clues to the salvation of the world.

「That’s an unbridled tongue you have there.」

The one who opened his mouth, was the general who supervises the Divine Word Religion’s armies. Before he can open his mouth again, I interject.

「Restrain yourself, general.」

At the words “restrain yourself” the expression on the proud face of the general, and also the words the general were going to say next, suddenly change.

「Eh?」

「I am telling you to restrain yourself. If the negotiations with these people fail, then understand that it will not be settled with just your own head.」

With the exception of the general, I check everywhere for those showing offense at Shiro-sama’s statement. While at it, I appeal to them that I value these negotiations with Shiro-sama with that much seriousness. To be honest, what the general has done might be too deep to recover from. At the general’s words, Shiro-sama might turn her back on us. If that’s really what happened, then not just the general’s head, I might have to offer the heads of his entire family to determine if Shiro-sama’s mood can be appeased. While the general has a short temper, he is a comrade who has fought beside me continuously until now. I cannot afford to lose him here.

「My colleague has been rude. If you have been offended I shall eject him from the room.」

At my humble actions, it appears that the other members finally appreciate that the person that they are facing off against is far superior to themselves. Even though I had given such detailed instructions in advance, they had never confronted an existence above my own in importance before, so perhaps it did not feel real.

「It is tolerable.」

A short phrase. It makes no difference if he’s there or not. That’s what her words seemingly ensued.

Shiro-sama shows no indication of leaving her seat. It seems she has judged us to be just about still worth exchanging words with. In that case, there still remains a chance to recover. From here no failures can be excused. I must pay meticulous attention to my remarks.

「By Shiro-sama’s words I have come to realise my own worthlessness. Therefore, in our worthlessness, we wish to receive assistance from Shiro-sama. I am fully aware of the presumptuousness of this request, but may we please implore this for your consideration?」

Even if it is small cooperative relationship at first, it can be built up from there. If the negotiations break down here, the Divine Word Religion will be left one or two steps behind in the state of the world’s affairs. If we are able to build up a cooperative relationship, then there will be the opportunity to gain trust. In that case, it will become possible to learn about more profound subjects.

Beginning with cooperation intended to defeat the elves. To be honest, if it is possible to defeat the elves who are protected by a barrier that we can’t even touch, then that would be a most ideal proposal. Defeating the elves would be positive for both the Divine Word Religion and for the world and nothing negative. That being so, I would unconditionally approve of cooperating towards that.

Apart from that, I can only search for ways in which to earn Shiro-sama’s trust. Whether or not we can earn her trust, will depend on our performance from now on.

「For today I am content to hear that alone. For the time being, showing efforts to move in step, that is acceptable for you, correct?」

「Yes. We shall definitely be of use to you.」

I answered instantly. From Shiro-sama’s words, it can be inferred that there will be no further discussion today. There are many things that I would like to discuss further, but there’s no help for it. Before this conference began, there was no option for us remaining other than to answer “yes”. So long as the answer is “yes”, there is nothing else to say to Shiro-sama. It may have been possible to discuss things in further detail, but there’s no point dwelling upon that. Though the negotiations did not break down, it’s hard to call them a success. Rather, it is better to consider them as being one step short of failure. We only just managed to avoid being abandoned. I cannot shake that impression.

「Then, let’s prepare for an occasion soon to compare and adjust our future plans.」

Summing up like that, Shiro-sama prepares to leave her seat.

「Wait.」

That was stopped by Sophia-jou.

「My side isn’t done yet though?」

It seems that this seat will continue. And also, in an unfavourable direction.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con7: When religion suddenly becomes more tangible.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When religion suddenly becomes more tangible.

A minor note on a change in translations: I decided to change Kokuryuu-sama to Black Dragon-sama so that it balances with Goddess-sama.

Informal Conference ⑦

Author’s note: Vampire girl’s point of view.

I have no family. It could be said that Merazofis is close to being that, but he and I are not related biologically. I have no family related by blood. If you want to know why, it’s because they were killed by the Divine Word Religion.

It’s possible that the grandparents that I met once are still alive, but even if I met them now I don’t think I would have the sensation of them being blood relatives. Even for my real parents, they felt like strangers to me who has reincarnated, so I didn’t have the sensation of them being blood relatives.

Even still, my real parents, did love me. Without the war, if peace had continued, I would probably have been able to live happy with those gentle parents. Merazofis wouldn’t have become a vampire either, and Noiria who fell victim when I escaped would probably still be alive as well. It’s not just Noiria either. There were many servants in the mansion who also resolved themselves to approach their final moments together with my parents.

If only there had not been a war, then surrounded by that town, by that mansion, by those parents and servants, hiding the fact that I was a vampire, I could have lived as a normal human. I might have had such a future.

I can no longer cast away the vampire side of myself. However, if I had had a different future, I think I would have also had the opportunity to live as a human. With my meagre powers of imagination, I don’t know whether or not I would have been happy though.

Even still, that doesn’t change the fact that I had one of my possible futures stolen from me. Until now the idea of countries waging war with each other, has just been too big in scale for me to understand who to blame. I cannot deny that I channelled those murky feelings into dissatisfaction towards goshujin-sama. I had to do that, so that I could sort out the black emotions swirling within me.

That way, my emotions have become settled after much time. However, right in front of me, is the one who caused it all. This nothing like the fits of anger that I’ve vented at goshujin-sama. Here is the undisputed ringleader behind the war. The one who killed my parents, stole my home, and stole my future.

「Why, did you cause a war in the country of Sariera?」

Restraining the urge to kill that seems about to overflow, I ask that. Until now, I had been under the impression that the war had been caused due to a religious dispute. However, from today’s conference, and from the arguments I’d had with Wrath beforehand, I have now realised that the Divine Word Religion is no ordinary religious organisation.

My question is precisely because I’ve realised that. Why was it necessary to cause a war at that time?

After all, a mere religious dispute, is of no value to the Divine Word Religion. The Divine Word Religion merely has the form of a religious organisation, while in practice they’re a group that is working to save the world. While just saying that certainly makes them sound like a religious organisation, they’re not simply waiting to be saved while praying to god. They’re putting in their own effort, working towards solving the problem themselves.

So for the Divine Word Religion, I don’t understand their reason for trying reduce the Goddess Religion’s power. After all, a religious war is always something that becomes a quagmire. It should be more like if the Divine Word Religion wanted the war to be lengthened, and for many trained soldiers to be killed, it should be a development they would desire. Instead, in that war, the Divine Word Religion was clearly working towards reducing the power of the Goddess Religion. Even though it should have been more convenient for the Divine Word Religion to let the Goddess Religion have power to some extent.

The intent wasn’t just to reduce their power a bit. The reason why I believe that, is because back when Ariel-san had saved me, she clearly said that the Divine Word Religion intended to crush the Goddess Religion. For her to assert it that strongly, I think she must have had a pretty good basis for that.

What I remember about it, was Ariel-san saying that the war was a “course of events in the world that couldn’t be helped”. She added, that it was important to decide what I would do the next time. I was a baby back then, so I couldn’t do anything. What Ariel-san had said, was that it was important to decide whether I would fight or give up the next time something similar happened. Then, I had answered. That I would “fight”.

Since that time, I have gotten extremely strong, going by my status values. Enough that, I believe that I can easily handle everyone in this place, except for goshujin-sama and Wrath. Depending on the pope’s answer, I don’t know what will happen.

「The Goddess Religion professes faith in the Goddess. Within that is a truth that the ordinary people cannot be allowed to know. In order to crush that, it must be destroyed together with the Goddess Religion. Well, saying that, I’m sure that there are high ranking members of the Divine Word Religion who are not here that also think that.」

At the pope’s words, I unconsciously blinked my eyes. My parents were killed for such a reason then? At which, the emotions I had braced myself for, suddenly deflated at the anticlimax.

「That was one of the objectives, but the core of it was a different matter.」

As if to prod my deflated emotions, the pointed words of the pope burst into my ears. At the weight loaded into his voice, I was unexpectedly surprised.

「We of the Divine Word Religion, in preparation for the passing on of the Goddess-sama, have decided to crush the Goddess Religion in advance of that.」

A shiver, suddenly runs down my spine. The determination in the pope’s words. And, a faint feeling of anger next to him. Sensing both of those, I couldn’t speak.

「If things continue as they are, it will become necessary for the Goddess-sama to supplement the wasting away MA Energy. If that happens, then it is as clear as anyone can see, that the personage who has been supporting the System and continuously supporting this world, will surely exceed the limits of her body. Thus, it is expected that the Goddess-sama has little of her life span remaining. In addition, that after the Goddess-sama passes on, that Black Dragon-sama will take over her position as well.」

Wrath gives a start of surprise and looks at goshujin-sama’s face. Ignoring Wrath’s reaction, goshujin-sama continues to look at the pope. With her eyes closed, but in a serious manner.

「If Black Dragon-sama becomes a living pillar for the System, then the voice of the Divine Word that we revere, will of course also change from the Goddess-sama’s to Black Dragon-sama’s. At that time, the Divine Word Religion will surely face a great storm. We must prepare for that time. So that we can safely announce the substitution of the gods.」

The Divine Word Religion’s creed is that the System Messages are the Voice of God, and that people should make efforts to hear that voice. If that Voice of God suddenly changes, that will be capable of shaking the very foundation of the Divine Word Religion, and become a major event. No matter how they work to avoid it, suspicion towards the Divine Word Religion will sprout. It is understandable to prepare for that. However, how is that related to destroying the Goddess Religion?

「In order to minimize the chaos, this will be necessary no matter what. If the Goddess-sama passes on from this world, that truth will have to be announced. Therefore, the Goddess Religion that worships the Goddess, must be forced into decline.」

The pope continued. That it’s because people might lose the will to live otherwise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con8: What would the Ruler of Temperance do to save the world…?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

What would the Ruler of Temperance do to save the world…?

On a different note, I have a short holiday coming up, booked some time ago. The timing isn’t great given that there’s only 2 chapters left in this mini-arc but I need a break. The translations will re-start sometime next week and I’ll try to catch up with the raws again.

Informal Conference ⑧

Author’s note: Oni’s point of view.

「Please wait a moment. From what you are saying, the Goddess Religion will come to know that the Divine Word’s god and the Goddess are the same being. However, that will not necessarily happen though?」

To be honest, I had no intention of cutting into the conversation, but I raised that question without thinking. Before the conference I had heard just a bit about the Goddess from Sophia-san. She had only heard about the Goddess Religion in a short period when she was a baby though, so she’s not well-informed about the doctrine. However, just from the name alone I can guess that they worship the Goddess. So unlike the Divine Word Religion, they don’t know that the Divine Word’s god and the Goddess are the same being either.

From the pope’s words, it’s as though it’s being suggested that it will naturally become common knowledge. Otherwise, even if the Divine Word’s god changed over, it should not be synonymous with the death of the Goddess.

「I am sure it will. Because we plan to make it common knowledge.」

To my question, the pope readily answered. What does he mean?

「Well, I am sure there are many things that you want to ask, but for now please listen to what I have to say. Starting from our conclusion, at the time when the Goddess-sama has died, so that the power relationship between the Divine Word Religion and the Goddess Religion will not reverse, the power of the Goddess Religion must weaken as soon as possible, or otherwise the Divine Word Religion will inevitably be absorbed by them. Dragging Sophia-jou’s hometown into war could be called one of the steps for that.」

Many things have been skipped over, but it seems that is the conclusion.

「In other words, it means you’re afraid of losing your own social position huh?」

Sophia-san asks the pope that question in a low voice.

「If you think that, then I shall offer up my head immediately. If that will appease your enmity, I would be happy to approve of such an agreement.」

For an instant, I was not able to understand the meaning of those words. I could probably say the same for nearly everyone in this place. After a delayed pause the Divine Word Religion members in the room had a startled expression, and Sophia-san exposed a stupid looking expression of blank amazement. Only Shiro-san showed no change in expression.

「What is the matter? I shall not resist. Please feel free to go ahead without further ado.」

In the pope’s calm tone of voice, there was no sense of him saying it in jest. It gives the feeling that he really is willing to offer his head right here. A strange hush fills the room.

「Just what, are you planning?」

After a while, Sophia-san finally squeezes that out in a hoarse voice.

「I am not planning anything, I have always resolved myself to submit my life at any time, that is all.」

The ones who responded to those words, was not Sophia-san, but the other Divine Word Religion members. Various lines such as “it would be troubling for you to not be here”, “cut out this foolishness”, “if you are going to offer your head then take mine instead” were thrown at the pope and Sophia-san. Those words are ignored by Sophia-san and the pope respectively, and continue to stare at each other without moving. The pope’s unwavering gaze proves his seriousness.

「Do you think I’d let you die painlessly?」

「It matters not to me. To me, death is merely a waypoint. No matter how many times I die, no matter how many times I am reborn, no matter how many times I lose my memory, I shall never deviate from my path.」

「If you die here, wouldn’t you become thrown from that path?」

「Even if I am not here the Divine Word Religion will continue to function. This place has been nurtured in order for that to happen. I do not believe that this organisation would falter, merely at the removal of one human.」

Sophia-san grinds her teeth. The pope’s determination is the real deal. For the sake of forging the pact, he is willing to die in this place without hesitation. That is, an indirect way of indicating that he would not stubbornly cling to his position and authority, I guess. For a human who would be readily willing to offer his own life as a bargaining chip, there is no way that he would stubbornly cling to something minor like his position.

「If the Goddess-sama passes away, and Black Dragon-sama replaces her, the authority of the Divine Word Religion will surely be diminished by no small amount. At that time, we cannot allow even a small chance for the Goddess Religion to come to prominence. Precisely because we can crush them at any time, it is permissible for the Goddess Religion to continue to exist, but what we cannot allow is for them to replace the Divine Word Religion as humanity’s largest sect. Not to a sect that would offer prayers to a departed god, and with no understanding of the System.」

The pope argues strongly but without passion.

「As for clinging to my position, I cannot deny that. If the Divine Word Religion falls, I believe that would lead to both the humans and the world being one step closer to ruin. It does not matter what happens to me personally, but I cannot allow the Divine Word Religion to fall. All the more so if the Goddess Religion takes over, given how they have forgotten the Goddess-sama’s ideals and become distorted.」

Regarding the Goddess Religion, I am not that knowledgeable. However, within the pope’s words, there was a faint disgust mixed in, but I’m sure it’s just my imagination.

「Until this moment and from this moment the Divine Word Religion, for the sake of the world, and consequently to protect the humans, shall move to action. If, it becomes a matter for the humans over the Divine Word Religion, then I would be glad to concede my position. But, if it is something that is judged to be negative to the humans, then I would not hesitate for an instant to remove it.」

In the end, what motivates this pope, is that judgement. For the humans. For that reason he would discard self-interest, or possibly even discard his own life, and even when he’s reborn he persists with that judgement.

「Even if it was someone who should protect the humans?」

「When a small number must be killed so that a large number can live, I will kill the small number without hesitation. When weighing up whether the Divine Word Religion should survive or whether the Goddess Religion should survive, on determining which would benefit the humans the most, I chose to kill the Goddess Religion. That is all there is to it.」

Sophia-san asked in a trembling voice, while the pope replied immediately and without hesitation.

「Slaughtering the people you should protect, what a joke.」

Like a poor loser, she spat out those words about a joke without smiling.

「That is precisely the reason why I must avoid piling up a mountain of corpses for no reason.」

At those words, I felt a mental shock like I had been struck in the head.

「I will not stop until both my body and even my soul are worn away. If the world can be saved before then, I am prepared to make my endless apologies in hell. Therefore, I beg you to please forgive me for now.」

I am terribly sorry. I killed your parents, took away your home and cost you your future.

On hearing those words, Sophia-san weakly looked up towards the heavens.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-con9: Informal Conference 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference ⑨

At the end of the day, the weakening of the Goddess Religion as per the Divine Word Religion’s intentions, was a subject that couldn’t be avoided. While the Divine Word Religion wants skills and status to be raised for the sake of the System, at the same time it is spreading a network throughout the humans, and has been putting in efforts in order to stabilise the world. Reducing the damage to the whole of humanity as much as possible, simultaneously has the meaning of being a countermeasure towards the demons. That was a major reason why the demons struggled to conquer the humans, in spite of the demons having higher status values. Controlling them so that large-scale wars amongst the humans would not break out, their built-up stress was forced onto the demons instead. That is the sort of detailed manipulation of people’s opinions and information being deployed to manage the whole of humanity.

However, if the Goddess dies, that influence will collapse. Should the Voice of God actually change, for the Divine Word Religion that places that at the heart of its doctrine, that’s surely a huge problem that cannot be avoided. No matter what, it’s unavoidable for people’s faith to be shaken. If many humans then convert to the Goddess Religion, it would be possible for a reversal of fortunes to occur.

The Goddess Religion is not as skilled as the Divine Word Religion in dialogue capable of commanding public opinion, nor as skilled in managing information. If the Divine Word Religion sent a covert operative into the Goddess Religion, and then properly trained up a successor to the Divine Word Religion then that would probably be a different matter, but if they can put in that much time and effort, it would be easier to simply crush the Goddess Religion and allow the Divine Word Religion to continue. More than anything, the Goddess Religion does not understand the System. So installing the Goddess Religion in their place, is surely something that the pope could not countenance.

Originally, it was expected that the death of the Goddess would be much much further in the future. But then, because a certain someone used manipulation to cause a waste of MA Energy in an attack on that measly D, it caused a precipitous shortening of her lifespan. Most likely, the Divine Word Religion had intended to cause the gradual decline of the Goddess Religion, over many more months and years. Instead, there was a change in plans, as the situation had become severe enough that they had to quickly reduce the Goddess Religion’s power even if it meant war.

In advance of the death of the Goddess, the Divine Word Religion has been steadily advancing their preparations. Part of that has involved information manipulation. So that there won’t be chaos even if the System’s voice changes, they are already spreading rumours that indirectly suggest that the voice could change. Those rumours are steadily disseminating, and when they have spread through the population, those rumours will even be supplemented with legends to give them a trace of authenticity. For example, the Goddess has become pregnant and her husband is taking over her duties until childbirth. Anyhow, without making a statement on the Goddess of the Goddess Religion when doing so, I’m sure they’d make a declaration that the god of the Divine Word is the Goddess. There’s probably people who would notice that anyway.

Even if that isn’t the whole truth, there is no way for ordinary members of the public to verify that. If the Divine Word Religion are able to make the announcement in advance, then when the Voice of God does change it would give them credibility. Even with just that the collapsing of their authority would probably be considerably reduced.

However, in that case doesn’t that mean they have no reason to crush the Goddess Religion? Maybe, but it’s not so simple. Even within the Goddess Religion, there are those who regard the god of the Divine Word and the Goddess as having the same voice. Just with the voice changing like the pope said, there wouldn’t be many humans who make the leap of logic to the Goddess having died. So I think that there wouldn’t really be any humans who despair and lose the power to live from that. However, with regards to the god of the Divine Word and the Goddess as having the same voice, that presents an opportunity that is capable of causing the Goddess Religion’s authority to collapse instead. I’m sure this pope would be capable of doing that much. However, he wouldn’t do that. He wouldn’t have the time.

For the Goddess to have died, that means his back would already be to the wall after all. The reason why the Goddess Religion hasn’t been crushed yet despite having an inconvenient truth in its doctrine, is solely because it’s convenient as a hypothetical enemy. Or otherwise, maybe the pope has some kind of lingering sympathy for the Goddess. Making it painful to crush a religion that worships the Goddess.

Lumping all those expectations together, the death of the Goddess would involve the world in a major event. While there’s already not a moment to waste, there’s no spare time to deal with the political and ideological complications of the Goddess Religion. That’s why, he had to crush them during this time.

Even for the Divine Word Religion, it certainly must have been very difficult to accelerate the plan for the destruction of the Goddess Religion by several centuries. Then I, who at that time was seriously called the Nightmare of the Labyrinth, casually turned up and was used as a pretext to take advantage of the situation. Well, now that I think about it, I guess it couldn’t be helped huh. Back then even I didn’t really understand what the Divine Word Religion was about, and went around tearing up the battlefield in a fit of rage after all. So-o-o sorry!

According to the Divine Word Religion they are still going ahead with crushing the Goddess Religion. It wouldn’t be called a war, but in order to reduce the national power of the country of Sariera, they have been increasingly isolating them diplomatically. The current situation is that they’re waiting for the country of Sariera to lose patience and attack. When that happens they’ll be crushed right away, and even if they don’t then their ideology will be gradually rewritten. To achieve that, war orphans and the children of poor people are being adopted in secrecy, and being trained in the Divine Word Religion’s style.

While I think it’s dirty, the pope won’t change his chosen path. Even if he has to create 10,000 corpses, then so long as it will save 10,001 people, he will implement that without hesitation. That is the man known as Pope Dustin. Recognised even by the Demon King, the monster amongst the humans. In a sense, even more than Kuro or the Demon King.

It is not possible to force this man to change his will. Unless you thoroughly prepare a path of no return for his will, then negotiations themselves are impractical. The subject of the negotiations this time was the anti-elf collaboration. Therefore, the chances of him agreeing where high.

However, we ended up being obliged to surrender more of our intelligence than expected, and it had felt like the talks were deadlocked. Since it’s also painful for me to talk on and on, once we simply had an agreement on the collaboration towards the elves, just when I was about to scarper immediately, this time it was vampire girl who screwed up. I seriously thought she might knock the pope’s block off.

Well, if that’s the case then it would save me the effort of dealing with him in the future though, so for me that was all OK. The end result, was a KO loss for vampire girl. For a mere young girl who is wavering over how she should live her life, it was painfully obvious she would have no chance against this ojii-sama though. He’s a monster of ideology who could even be called the Will of Humanity you know.

「I have clearly witnessed your determination.」

Vampire girl has frozen, so I’ll redo that declaration to leave that failed just earlier.

「I hope we shall be able to develop a beneficial relationship going forwards. I shall come again another day.」

Allright! Let’s leave!

「Please wait.」

What da heck! Don’t stop me! I wanna go already!

「For the invasion of the demons, is that decided?」

「Indeed.」

「When abouts will it be?」

「As soon as the preparations are complete.」

LET-ME-LEAVE!

「Very well. When do you expect to visit us again?」

「In ten days, at the same time.」

「Then, we shall prepare and wait in that regard. For making time in your schedule for today, you have my sincere gratitude.」

「Likewise, for your cordial reception in spite of our sudden arrival, thank you. Then…」

A bow of the head, and this time for sure teleportation is activated. Their barrier? It’s irrelevant!

I toss vampire girl and oni-kun into a suitable location in the mansion, and I teleport again. I’ve come to another dimension. Just for me, another dimension with nobody else.

I’m worn out. I’m totally worn out. I want to simply do nothing for a while here, without having to meet anybody. Or rather, I shall. When I think that I’ll have to go through the same thing again in ten days, it makes me so melancholic I could die. I feel like I want to spend the next ten days doing nothing here.

Translation notes:

“So-o-o sorry!” – Shiro literally says “mengo mengo”, which is a corruption of saying “gomen gomen” (sorry sorry). Basically, a very insincere apology.

“KO loss” – just to be clear, this means a “knockout loss” – ie, if the verbal battle between Sophia and the pope was a boxing match, he would have totally dominated and won by a knockout.

“I have clearly witnessed your determination” – this line from Shiro to the pope might sound a bit strange but it’s a somewhat archaic turn of phrase in Japanese. It’s a bit like giving someone a pat on the head (as a compliment) but dressed up in noble language.

“What da heck!” – Shiro says “nanyanen” here (short for “nandeyanen”) which is a typical tsukkomi in the kansai dialect. “What the heck” is a pretty literal translation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter info-fin: Informal Conference – hidden
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Informal Conference – hidden

Author’s note: The pope’s point of view.

I left the tidying up of the conference room to others, and headed towards my private room. I closed the door, confirmed that I was alone, then I sat down in a chair as if collapsing. My legs begin to shake, rather too late. I heave a massive sigh.

No matter how many times I experience it, I am still unused to the fear of death. I managed to survive this time, but I wonder what will happen in ten days time.

I am scared of death. But, beyond that, what really makes me anxious is if the world was destroyed while I was not around. At the conference I had boasted that it would be okay even if I wasn’t around, and in practice I’m sure the Divine Word Religion would not shake without me. Even still, I cannot shake the anxiety about something happening while I was not around.

I stimulated my shaking knees, then stood up, and picked up a particular wine bottle from the shelf. Normally I restrain myself, but I’m sure it is acceptable to open this after a day like today. That shows just how much I was cornered in mind and body by that short conference.

「Could you prepare two glasses?」

On turning around at the voice I suddenly heard, there was Black Dragon-sama elegantly sitting on a chair.

「It sure seems that even the likes of you, would be considerably terrified by that.」

「Peeping is hardly laudable.」

As I smoothly turned aside his jest with my honest opinion, Black Dragon-sama’s sweet smile became deeper. I swallowed a sigh before it could escape, prepared two glasses and sat down facing Black Dragon-sama. On pouring the wine I handed over a glass to Black Dragon-sama, and then poured my own glass.

「Well then, cheers!」

A sound resounded as we lightly tapped the two glasses together. I tipped the glass and poured the wine into my mouth, bringing stimulation to my aged throat. My first drink in a long time, seems to have been a bit too powerful a stimulus for my aged body.

「What did you think of that?」

For a while I silently concentrated on my glass, and Black Dragon-sama asked me that while pouring a second glass for himself.

「I do not know.」

I spoke that honestly. At the conference today, regarding that girl named Shiro who called herself an Administrator, I was not able to comprehend anything at all. As for what kind of personality she has, I could not even make a conjecture, and instead it was I who was being tested. The words she said at the end, “I have clearly witnessed your determination”, conveyed that truth more than anything. The one testing and the one being tested. It was like the manifestation of our power relationship right then and there.

「That figures. Even I don’t really understand that.」

Black Dragon-sama seemed to be in a good humour, smiling while swirling the wine.

「What that person said about being an Administrator, is it the truth?」

「It feels a bit unfair for me to reveal it, but very well. That is unmistakably an Administrator. Enough that she is even deeper into the System than me.」

While consenting to Black Dragon-sama’s words, at the same time I feel my tiredness increase.

「For that Administrator to take personal action, does it mean that the situation is that bad?」

「It’s bad indeed.」

Black Dragon-sama casually announced that, and put his hands on a third glass.

「However, don’t be so pessimistic about it. Will that succeed, or will I disappear instead? At the end of the day, those are the only two possibilities. While that proceeds according to the scenario she prepared, all I have to do is just pretend that I don’t know anything.」

When Black Dragon-sama said he might disappear, he indicated that he found that possibility to be pleasant somehow.

「You are okay with that?」

「With what?」

「About you becoming the next living pillar for the System.」

「Ahh. About that.」

「Indeed. After the Goddess-sama has passed on, you would lose your reason for staying in this world, surely. Much less to succeed in Goddess-sama’s role as well.」

「I’ve said this before, but after coming so far, it would be harder for me to abandon everything instead. Sariel would probably not wish for me to abandon things either. Besides, in a world without Sariel, there is no merit for me to be alive. In that case, to use this life of mine at the last for the sake of the world that Sariel loved, is not bad either.」

Even though he’s saying things here and there that worry me, even if I questioned him about it I’m sure this person would not talk about it. This person will not rely upon anyone. There has been nobody who would stand with him. Also, there has been nobody who he can depend upon. For these reasons, he is all alone. I don’t have the capabilities to stand with him either.

Perhaps that is why. For Black Dragon-sama to be in an unusually good mood. Because an existence that is worthy of standing beside him has appeared.

「That is fascinating. Do you know how that secretly refers to me?」

「Well now, I cannot even imagine.」

「”Loser”」

Dear me. To refer to an existence at the top of this world as “loser”. Is that audacious or what. Compared to the calm and neat image she had at the conference, that sounds like coming from a completely different person.

「I do have the self-awareness that being called so is inevitable. I have continued to avoid making choices. For that reason, I’ve lost the right to make choices after all this time. I will simply proceed according to the prepared scenario. Will that complete her scenario, or will she stumble along the way and fail? I shall watch to the end. Whatever the outcome may be I won’t mind.」

At Black Dragon-sama’s words, it can be inferred that Shiro-sama may accomplish something greater than I had thought. In addition, by telling that to me, he is likely indirectly indicating to me that I should not get in the way.

「In this scenario you mentioned, I can only pray that it is not something that will bring harm to the humans.」

With my response the matter is settled. Even if Black Dragon-sama is trying to warn me, if it is something that goes against the sake of humanity, then I cannot abide by it. I have already lost the right to make such choices. The choice to take an action that goes against the sake of humanity that is.

「I see. It’s been a treat.」

Before I knew it, the contents of the wine bottle had gone. I have only taken a single gulp from my first glass. It seems that the majority has been drunk by Black Dragon-sama. When I had noticed that fact, he had already vanished from the seat in front of me.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-16: Justice?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 16 – Justice?

「That is precisely the reason why I must avoid piling up a mountain of corpses for no reason.」

The pope’s words still reverberate in my ears. That old man, abiding by his own unshakable will, has continued to kill the very people he should protect by his own hands. So that the many will live the few will be killed. He has the will and power to implement that, without even hesitating for an instant.

To murder is wrong. Doubts like “how?” and “why?” have no point. The reason why to murder people is wrong, is not something that can be explained by theory. What must not be done must not be done. That’s all there is to it. Not because of some theory, but the reason why people are people is precisely because they avoid such actions.

However, then, what if you had to do what must not be done because you had people you wanted to protect? What if despite knowing that it must not be done, that there was no other available option?

What the pope is doing, are actions to transform the way the world should be for his own convenience. However, it is not being pursued for his own personal benefit, but out of genuine concern for the world. For the sake of the world, denying himself, even while sacrificing many, he is saving even more people.

Are such actions, an act of justice? Or are they, an act of evil?

Trying to save someone is surely an act of justice. To kill someone is surely an act of evil. In the case when it’s both of them, then how on earth do you determine the correct interpretation?

I don’t know. Is that something right, or is that something wrong?

However, there is one thing that I do understand. That for that pope, even if you try to tell him to his face that it is wrong, I’m sure he will still not waver from his path. While having that gentle expression on his face, that old man harbours in his eyes a conviction that borders on insanity. No matter what happens, I can declare that he will not stop. If he does happen to stop, I’m sure it would be as he himself said, only when the world is saved, or otherwise when his body and soul fall into ruin.

Is the path the pope has chosen right, or is it wrong? For the sake of argument, even if he made a mistake, I’m sure he would use that as a source of motivation to stand up once again. Until his body and soul fall into ruin.

He’s terrifying. That belief that goes to extremes, is not something expressed in status values or skills, an absurd power. If we fought directly I would surely win. However, that victory would totally meaningless. Even if he dies he will rise up once again. Again and yet again. There is nobody with a more unyielding heart.

What about me then? In that sense, I’m terribly weak. To the extent that I briefly wished for death, being unable to tolerate the crimes I committed myself. In spite of that, once I was saved I didn’t want to die, that’s just how wretched my feelings are, and how weak I am.

My status values and skills, are probably high even at a global level. Although I have been made to realise that there is always someone better than you, even still I’m well above the average. Despite the power that I hold, my heart is far too weak. I’m unbalanced.

I have got to get stronger as well. Unlike that pope, I cannot reach the level of his madness, nor do I think I can even aim for it. Even still, I will take responsibility for the path I have taken to get here, and I must take actions to make the most of it. That is, the line I will draw for myself. For the weak-hearted me, that is the excuse I will use to forgive myself.

My status has already fully recovered. It is time that I stopped idling in this mansion. I must take action. From now on, I must also find out, just how the world should be.

I will talk to Shiro-san. To ask Shiro-san where she is heading to. To ask what methods she will use to reach there.

If that overlaps with my own path, then I will gladly cooperate with Shiro-san. If it’s not, then… I shall pray that it’s not.

At the time when I had made that resolution, even though it was mealtime, it was unusual for Shiro-san to have not returned. Instead, like a shadow of her true self, Sophia-san was sitting here having barely touched her food.

I think she is probably also wondering about many different things from meeting with the pope. What’s on her mind is likely so mixed up that I couldn’t even guess.

She was originally born in a country that followed the Goddess Religion, and I heard that her hometown was destroyed by the Divine Word Religion. I had also experienced my goblin village being destroyed by humans, so I can well understand her feelings. That fury, strong enough that you could forget yourself in anger and hatred.

In my case I achieved revenge by my own hands. However, Sophia-san cannot do that. It’s not that she can’t even try, but more like that she won’t. Because, she realised just how determined the pope was in that conference. Nevertheless, having seen his unstoppable belief, I’m sure even Sophia-san would realise that it would have been totally meaningless to kill the pope in that place.

Is revenge an act of justice? I don’t know that. However, because I have experienced it myself, what I do understand is that without achieving revenge it is not possible to move on.

To this day, Sophia-san has lived without being able to achieve revenge. Isn’t it precisely because of that, that she has easily crossed over the line that people should not cross, and run down the path of injustice? The flames of revenge that remain in her heart, might have warped Sophia-san’s personality. I’ve come to think that way.

And now, if she tries to confront him as a target for revenge, she knows that she won’t be able to achieve revenge no matter what. Normally she would be able to gain satisfaction from sending him to his death. However, that pope is an exception. Even if he’s killed, there’s no meaning in it. If you want to achieve revenge against him, it will be necessary to break his spirit. I’m sure that Sophia-san also realises, just how difficult that would be.

While still barely having touched her food, Sophia-san stands up.

「How about you eat a bit more?」

I called out to her totally without thinking. Totally, out, I think. Because in Sophia-san’s eyes, I saw an unconcealable irritation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-33: Previous life and current life
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 33 – Previous life and current life

Of all things just what is this guy saying? “How about you eat a bit more!?” Just the other day, the same mouth of his utterly denied my own food. He has got to be joking.

No, I do understand, really. It’s that this guy simply doesn’t understand anything. He doesn’t appreciate that for a vampire, that eating food basically means the consumption of blood.

But, you know. From that mouth of his that has even called me an atrocity, isn’t it reasonable that I can’t help but think that he doesn’t get what he’s saying when he tells me to eat more food?

While I stare at him in silence, Wrath makes an expression that seems a bit flustered. However, I bet that he doesn’t get the reason why I’m irritated.

「”Eat more”? As in, telling me to “suck blood” huh? Though you called me an atrocity the other day?」

While looking at the stupid face that Wrath is making, those words rushed out unintentionally from deep within myself. On seeing Wrath react to that in downright panic, I feel a bit better.

「Or is it that, by saying that, you are offering me your blood? After all, by telling me not to use hypnotism, aren’t you telling me to gain the other person’s consent? Nobody would do such a whimsical thing though, right?」

Taking the opportunity, I rained sarcasm down on him. It’s generally the case that I can’t win verbal arguments. However, since he’s just dug his own grave, I’ll avenge myself for him running his mouth off at me the other day.

「Say. You know the other day, although you ran your mouth off at me calling me an atrocity and all, do you understand just how hard it is for a vampire to get blood without using hypnotism?」

Wrath maintains his silence. It seems he’s the type who keeps quiet when he’s at a disadvantage.

「Certainly, if you go by human values then us vampires may be intrinsically evil beings. Okay then, are you telling me to go die?」

「That’s not what I meant…」

「Oh really? Isn’t it pretty much the same thing? “Don’t use hypnotism”. With just that, doesn’t it mean that my only options are to arbitrarily assault others, or to be stupidly honest and beg for blood? I already said it just now, but do you really think there’s people whimsical enough to accept a request for blood? Of course there aren’t any. Then doesn’t that mean I have no choice but to assault others? However, I think that’s far worse than what I’ve been doing.」

Actually, since I am a True Ancestor, it’s not really the case that I can’t live without consuming blood. However, since I’ve already gotten the taste for blood, even if I’m ordered to live without it I have no confidence that I could endure it. Things will get complicated if he learned that though, but since it won’t be exposed unless I tell him, I’ll just keep quiet.

「If I can use hypnotism, I can erase their memory of being attacked as well, and instead they can experience a good feeling. Did you know? Apparently having your blood sucked feels good. If I can suck blood then I’m happy. If the other person can feel good without being scared then they’re happy. If both sides are happy then isn’t that a win-win situation?」

It does seem to be true that having your blood sucked feels good. I’m the one doing the sucking so I haven’t experienced it myself though, but I’ve heard from those that I have sucked that it feels as good as sex. So well, after I’ve sucked for a bit that’s why the action often heads in that direction.

Wrath shows a revolted expression to my remarks about feeling good. What’s with this guy? Is he a virgin?

「Are you a virgin?」

「Bwah!?」

Wrath bursts out in surprise, like something from a comedy sketch.

「Wha, wha-wha-wha, what the!?」

Ah, so he is a virgin. Hmm-mm.

「If you let me suck your blood, how about I help you lose your virginity?」

At those words that just popped out, I shocked myself. Beyond that, Wrath was so shocked that he’s totally frozen. We continue to stare at each other in silence.

「I won’t do something so frivolous.」

The first one to open their mouth is Wrath. With a weary sounding tone, he makes that prudish comment.

「Say, aren’t you being overly constrained by the common sense of your previous life?」

To those words that just popped out again, it felt like my heart thumped in my chest. That’s right. The previous life is the previous life. While I was definitely a human in my previous life, and though I have a similar form in this life, inside I’m a completely different creature. In that case, isn’t it obvious that my common sense and everything else is different.

『Ojou-sama, would your parents be proud of you as you are now?』

Those words from Merazofis are always in my heart. I feel that I have found an answer, though it’s faint. I’m not yet able to put it into proper words, but I feel that I have grasped the starting point.

I am myself. I am a vampire. In the end, it’s like Wrath says. I can choose to die as a human, or I can continue to live as a vampire. Only one of those. In that case, I will choose to live as a vampire.

Thinking that, it seems foolish to have worried so much until now. I’m fine with being evil. Since I’m a vampire, what’s wrong with living as a vampire? Thinking that human common sense actually applies to a vampire, is a strange assumption in the first place.

「In that case, then aren’t you abandoning your previous life too much, Negishi Akiko-san?」

I don’t know what he’s thinking by needlessly calling me by my name from my previous life. However, this guy really is gifted at rubbing people the wrong way!

「What’s wrong with that? From my point of view, by clinging to humanity no matter what despite being non-human, it’s you who seems to be seriously warped though, Sasajima Kyouya-kun.」

I tried calling Wrath by his name from his previous life in response. When I did, he obviously grimaced.

Hmm-mm. I don’t know why Wrath hates his name from his previous life so much, but if he hates it that much then maybe I should always call him Kyouya-kun from now on?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-17: The weak are meat, the strong do eat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 17 – The weak are meat, the strong do eat

「In the first place, what’s with “Wrath”? Because you have the Wrath skill you used it for your name? That’s gotta be an alias, right? It’s not like you’re chuunibyou. Ah, were you chuunibyou? In that case, I’m oh so sorry. So that it doesn’t become something you want to pretend never happened, I shall kindly refer to you as Kyouya-kun from now on.」

To Sophia-san, who is grinning while agitating me, I’m unable to answer back. Her emotions really do show easily on her face. She’s full of desire to taunt me, clearly. She has an obviously indecent smile playing on her face, so it seems she intends to continue to verbally attack me. Since I’m at a disadvantage with the subject alone, maybe it’s natural.

Chuunibyou. I’d never have expected it to be said that way. Well, certainly if I calmly think back on it, that really does seem like the sort of thing a chuunibyou sufferer would like. At the time when I had changed my name, I was completely exhausted mentally, so I chose the first simple name that came to mind. I can’t deny that it was a chuunibyou-ish choice. By way of excuse, since I had never thought that any of my classmates from the same world had reincarnated here, I had thought that nobody would understand the meaning of the word.

Being called chuunibyou to my face, I immediately feel ashamed. It is such a strange sensation, as if I had suddenly been thrown out from a dream and into reality. Well, still, if I’m chuunibyou then wouldn’t Shiro-san also be about the same?

「Let’s say I’m chuunibyou for argument’s sake, then could you say the same about Shiro-san?」

Sophia-san cannot go against Shiro-san. Even in the short time I’ve been here, I’ve realised the pecking order. Thus, I use that as a basis for a counter-attack. When I consider how petty this argument is, I feel dejected. This should have been a serious argument originally, so how did it end up as a discussion on chuunibyou etc?

「Bwah!? Are you an idiot or what?! Goshujin-sama is that! That, that!」

As if her speaking ability is being obstructed, she’s unable to come up with a good follow-up. Or rather, she’s seriously flustered isn’t she. Is she that scared of Shiro-san?

「I, I don’t think that! While there’s nothing she can do about her body being white, I don’t wonder what with her clothes also being uniformly white, or what’s with her keeping her eyes closed despite not being blind – I don’t think that at all!」

Is it only me who can hear her totally self-destructing? Sophia-san, I’ve been wondering about this for a while, but you’re basically a bit of an idiot, right?

Ah.

「You called?」

Before I knew it, indeed, without Sophia-san or I noticing her at all, Shiro-san was there. Right behind Sophia-san.

「I see, I see-e. So that’s how you thought of me huh-h. Chuunibyou huh-h. Nai wa-a.」

Hm? She’s different to normal. Her tone is off as well, and her usually white complexion is rather red. Above all else, I’d never seen Shiro-san showing any expression at all, but now she’s smiling like an idiot.

Sophia-san has frozen so hard you could almost hear the sound effect of ice going “crick”. Shiro-san is also leaning her head against Sophia-san’s shoulder. As Shiro-san breathes out a long burp, Sophia-san grimaces.

「Go, goshujin-sama? Have you drunk… alcohol?」

「I ha-ave! It’s so delicious!」

As if finding something funny, Shiro-san cackles. You can drink once you’re twenty. Well, yeah, even I realise it’s a bit too late to be talking about that though.

Still, this is Shiro-san’s drunken state huh. I had heard about it from Sophia-san, but this transformation is really beyond my expectations. Isn’t she a completely different person?

「My clothes are white because it’s easier-r. If I wanted to dye them I could, but it’s a bother so I don’t okay-y. Fashion? Is that something tasty?」

Is this what is known as an aggressive drunk? Shiro-san has restrained Sophia-san so that she can’t run away, and Sophia-san is even making a desperate expression while trying to escape from that restraint. Her pale expression indicates just how terrified she is.

「As for keeping my eyes closed, that’s so as to not show my Evil Eyes! They’re not some chuunibyou thing but Evil Eyes for real okay! If I show them you might even die but do you wanna see anyway?」

「Eeeek!? You don’t need to show them! You don’t need to show them okay!?」

She’s even started to raise a scream. This has clearly become too pitiful to watch, so I guess I’ll stop it.

「Shiro-san, that’s more than…」

「Chomp.」

The moment I tried to call out to her, Shiro-san bit Sophia-san’s ear. What’s often called play-biting… is not what happened, it’s more like bitten off. While Shiro-san is actually apart from her, Sophia-san’s ear that was surely there just now has suddenly gone. While I stare in mute amazement, Shiro-san makes some chewing movements with her mouth.

「Crunch.」

「No-o-o-o-o! I’m being eaten! I’m being eaten again after all this time!?」

「Geh-heh-heh. Don’t mind if I do.」

「Ah, hey!? Don’t remove my clothes! Wait, wait! My body is not food okay! Don’t just stare, save me! 」

Huh!? It seems my thought processes had been frozen.

「Shiro-san, stop, stop!」

The moment I reach out a hand to try to separate Sophia-san from Shiro-san, Shiro-san’s eyes opened. I think it couldn’t be helped that I stopped moving out of surprise. What was there was, some strange eyes where there were multiple additional pupils within the pupils.

「King Crimson! Not quite the same though.」

「Huh?」

Before I knew it, Shiro-san had vanished. But she should have been right in front of me. It’s not just Shiro-san, as Sophia-san has also vanished. Or, so I thought, but with her clothes in a state of disarray, Sophia-san is slumped on the floor, lying down on her stomach.

「Eh?」

Am I being shown an illusion or something? The scene in front of me now, is inconsistent with the scene a moment ago.

「You’re back to normal?」

While still lying down on her stomach, Sophia-san speaks to me in a tired voice. Her voice indicates that she has no intention of getting up either.

「What happened?」

「Who knows? You suddenly froze and stopped moving.」

Something was done to me.

「”The weak are meat, the strong do eat” is pretty terrifying.」

The least I can do for Sophia-san who is slumped and hanging her head in shame, is to take off my tunic and lay it over her.

Translation notes:

“The weak are meat, the strong do eat” – this is a literal translation of a particular idiom, which would normally be translated as “survival of the fittest” or “the law of the jungle”. I kept the literal meaning since it’s particularly appropriate for this chapter. The line at the end is spoken by Sophia.

Legally and morally, it’s considered wrong to drink alcohol until you’ve come of age in Japan – at age 20.

“Geh-heh-heh. Don’t mind if I do.” – this is a cliché line though not quite the cliché scenario. The “normal” scenario would be in a Japanese period drama with a dirty old man abusing his authority to take advantage of a woman, typically said while starting to strip the woman. At this point, it would often be time for the hero to make a dramatic entrance.

“King Crimson” – another JoJo reference. Presumably this was Shiro’s “Static Evil Eye” as seen in chapter 226.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 261: Liquor is the best medicine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

261 – Liquor is the best medicine

When I woke up I was on a bed in the mansion. How strange. Yesterday I’m sure I shut myself in another dimension with some wine and snacks to munch. Did I get drunk without noticing and then came back here and slept, perhaps?

It’s a problem that I’ve forgotten everything while drunk, but never mind. I can rapidly break down alcohol if I want to, but if I did that there’d be no point in drinking it. You can’t call wine without alcohol a wine! Well, if necessary I can download the memories from my clones that are all over the place, no problem. I’m not going to download the memories for now though. I mean, seriously, wouldn’t you be a bit scared to see how you had behaved after getting heavily drunk?

I shake my head in denial, and check if there’s any problems with my physical condition. I wouldn’t have a hangover from drinking, so this is just a precaution against some unlikely event okay. Yep, I’m in perfect condition again today. I also feel that my skin has gotten a healthy glow to it for some reason. Yeah, alcohol is good for the health indeed.

I leave the room in order to get breakfast, heading to the dining hall. Vampire girl and oni-kun are already seated there.

「Good morning.」

「M, morning.」

A polite greeting from oni-kun, and a greeting from vampire girl with her face going somewhat stiff. She showed this kind of behaviour once or twice on our journey as well, so I guess vampire girl isn’t a morning person after all?

「Mm.」

I guess it’s better than saying nothing, so I give a short reply. I sit next to vampire girl. For some reason, vampire girl sits bolt upright.

「Umm.」

Hm?

「For what occurred yesterday, I think it would be better to stop.」

Oni-kun said that in a reproachful tone of voice. Hmm? Yesterday? I did something yesterday?

I glance towards vampire girl. Well, I say that, but since I keep my eyes closed there’s no actual eye contact. Vampire girl is staring at oni-kun as if seeing something unbelieveable. Eh? What’s this? What happened yesterday?

「Sophia-san objected to it as well, and I think that it’s wrong to force someone who is objecting. Even though you were drunk on alcohol, I still think that there are things that are acceptable and things that are not.」

Alcohol. Drunk.

Emergency request to all clones within the mansion! Download the memory from yesterday when the main body was drunk! The clones stealthily hidden around the mansion transmit the memories to the main body. I look at the memories I received one by one, filling in the relevant omissions.

Bwah!? What the heck is this!?

Oi! Oi, me from yesterday! What’re you doing!? This isn’t some mere aggressive drunk! I’ve gotten a glimpse of something far more terrifying!

Seriously. Nai wa. Totally nai wa. Objectively viewing myself while drunk, I’m nai wa.

I pounced on vampire girl, and zapped oni-kun with my Static Evil Eye when he tried to stop me. I did whatever I liked. Or rather, if I try my best I’ll be able to talk that fluently! Ah, yes. This isn’t the time to escape from reality. What should I do?

I turn towards vampire girl. She delicately tries to avoid me while staying seated. Ahh, right.

「I’m sorry.」

Indeed.

Umm, vampire girl. Why is your face trembling in disbelief now? If I’ve done something wrong I will at least apologise you know? I shall refrain from alcohol for a while. If I’m going to drink, I’ll do it with D around. Um, no, that’d also be pretty scary somehow. For the time being I shall go teetotal. Ugh, it’s painful but there’s no other way.

I return my gaze to oni-kun, and he makes a relieved expression for himself. It’s possible that oni-kun was prepared to die when he admonished me. Well, I can hardly blame him for thinking that perhaps I wouldn’t listen to him after seeing THAT from yesterday. Alcohol sure has a huge pitfall huh. Scary.

「Goshujin-sama. Are you really the real goshujin-sama?」

Vampire girl has started saying something rather strange. I wanna retort by asking what she’d do if I wasn’t the real one.

「Do you have a fever or something? Did you eat something strange? Have you gotten a screw loose?」

Oi, hey. Just how on earth do you see me? It’s depressing so I silence her with a chop to the head.

「Oww!? Isn’t that too mean!? I’m worried about you but isn’t that too mean!?」

「No, just now, the mean one was you Sophia-san, I’d say」

To vampire girl’s protest, oni-kun calmly retorts. Hmm, hmm. Things have become so noisy and irrational with just an apology. Unlike a certain Evil God somewhere, I can hold a proper conversation. I’m not D! Not D!

「But, it’s that goshujin-sama? That goshujin-sama who is like an atrocity incarnate? That goshujin-sama who loves mass-murder and eating people’s flesh such that it makes me want to ask if you were born in hell?」

Vampire girl’s image of me seems to be like that of a Great Demon King. Eh? Really that much? Do I really have such a bad image?

Ahh, uhh. Thinking back on things, I was the trigger that lead to the destruction of vampire girl’s hometown that also raged violently in the war, and now that you mention it I did make that elf-meat stir-fry afterwards didn’t I. Or rather, aside from all that, from the expressions that vampire girl is using I guess that yesterday wasn’t my first offense? If so then it would be consistent. All too consistent. Oh no! Then this means that in vampire girl’s mind I’m like a monster that devours people’s flesh night after night!? It’s not exactly wrong so I can’t say anything!

「Hey, isn’t that saying a bit too much?」

「It’s all true though.」

「Eh?」

Oni-kun looks towards me in shock. Stop! Don’t look at me like that! I unintentionally turn my face away to avoid his gaze.

D「I received a signal that a certain spider was dissing me so I’m off to punish it.」

Meido「Did you think I would let you go? Get on with your work please.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 262
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

If there was ever an Evil Overlord List specifically for Shiro, I suspect it wouldn’t need to be that long. Though I’m sure it would also have some rather strange entries as well.

On a more general note, for cases when we see internal communications between Shiro and her clones I’m going to try using a monospace font for this, though it might not work on older browsers. Such lines are not always clear in the original, since it’s just a guess based on the word style, so don’t take it as absolutely correct.

262 – If you want to pass beyond this point then go ahead after defeating me!

Well, it’s no surprise that oni-kun is shocked huh. While it is the case that oni-kun has committed massacres while having lost control due to Wrath, that was only because he was being dominated by Wrath. It’s not something he did of his own volition. However, in my case though, I did it of my own free will. I snapped and then did it. However, I have neither regrets nor remorse! Besides, considering what I am going to do in future, what I’ve done until now is like a picnic in comparison.

Perhaps not knowing what to say, oni-kun’s mouth repeatedly opens and closes. Vampire girl seems to be uncomfortable due to her own words having caused a difficult atmosphere. Humph. I guess now’s the time that I should declare my own thoughts a bit. Whatever path either of them will take in future, that is for them to decide. It’s not my business. However, that’s only so long as they don’t interfere with my own path.

「I will commit massacres in the future as well.」

I’ll establish this first. While it might not be something that I will do with my own hands, I am still one of masterminds behind the large scale war that will occur between the demons and the humans. It’s certain that the number of people killed in action will be on a completely different level compared to when I went wild during the war between the country of Sariera and the Divine Word Religion. In addition, at that time I will probably kill the current Hero myself. Since I’ll have to be intervening with the System, killing him myself is the most reliable way. In the case that the Hero attacks together with a large army, then I might have to kill them all together. Depending on the situation, it wouldn’t even be strange if I had to deal with the entire army that the Hero is with all by myself. Whole-scale massacre, in other words. Well, either way, whether it’s directly or indirectly, it doesn’t change the fact that I will be causing massacres.

「It is up to you to decide what to think about that. But, if you get in my way then I will show no mercy. So long as you don’t get in my way, then I don’t mind how you live your lives.」

With my eyes half-open, I declare that to vampire girl and oni-kun. Just by looking at someone with my eyes I cause terror. I think it’s likely that the only ones in the world who can withstand this are the Demon King and Kuro. To know this terror and still challenge me, I think that’s true determination. In such a case, I would seriously crush them out of genuine respect. I will show no mercy to my opponents. Even if they don’t have the power to thwart me, I will still not hold back in the slightest.

I am aware that it is possible for a weak existence to continue to survive despite facing much stronger opponents, and to eventually climb up to the peak of overwhelming strength. Since that is none other than my own situation. Therefore, I won’t be careless even if they’re weak. In their own way, the weak can still defeat the strong.

This is exactly why, so that an upset will never occur, I will dispassionately advance my preparations. Regardless of whether they’re strong or weak, there can be no other way. For the sake of satisfying the conditions of my victory. Because I am a spider after all. So that the battle will be decided the moment that my prey is wrapped in my threads, I prepare traps in advance. I’m currently at the point of building my web for that. Far and wide, my threads are spreading throughout the world. In order to arrange a stage that is convenient for me.

「I will not ask you to give me your answers immediately, but please consider your plans for the future.」

I wonder what choices vampire girl and oni-kun will make. Depending on that it might be necessary to adjust my scenario. In order to keep the stage in perfect condition. Even if just a little, so that no obstacles to my plan will arise, I shall remove any worrying elements at an early stage.

For vampire girl, I doubt she’ll become hostile with her current attitude. However, I don’t know about oni-kun. Based on Wakaba Hiiro’s memories from the previous world, I don’t fully understand oni-kun’s temperament. Many things have happened to him in this world as well, so who knows how he’s changed.

I’ve given them my warning. I guess I’ll have to wait-and-see for a bit, before deciding what to do next.

Sigh. I’m worn out from talking. Or maybe I should say, haven’t I been talking a bit too much lately? If I continue to talk so much then my throat will become worn out. My throat isn’t meant for speaking more than ten words in a single day! Maybe I should go to Japan for a bit to buy throat lozenges?

For the time being I need something to drink to wet my throat. Ah, I do just happen to have that large coffee can from D’s house. Come to think of it I’ve never drunk coffee before. I wonder about using coffee just to wet my throat, but ah whatever.

I take the coffee can out from the storage dimension. I open the pull tab, and take a sip. Mmm. This is black coffee indeed. D was a black coffee drinker, yeah.

「Eh? Hey, that’s!? Canned coffee!?」

Ah. Whoops. I shouldn’t have drunk this in front of vampire girl and oni-kun. There’s no mistaking it, I’ve spoken so much that my normal judgement is impaired. Now then, how am I going to gloss over thish? Hm?

Thud!

「Eh!? Huh!? What’s the matter!?」

Uwhya thah? Wwahht, summat wyyrd hahh haahhenned?

「Hey!? Goshujin-sama!? Are you okay!?」

Ay hahb ahbsohbed sahmsing tsurayngue, bwa ay kaahnn speyykk.

State of emergency declared. Drastic reduction in thinking ability experienced in the main body. Abnormality in physical ability observed. In accordance with the unusual conditions the clones are to take decisive action to eject the abnormality from the main body. Validated that the specified substance is affecting the main body. Commencing removal operation.

Discontinue removal operation. Negative influence additionally detected in the clone responsible for removal. Judged that there is no significant dysfunction. Restoration likely with time. Temporarily quarantine the main body in another dimension. Adjust objective to await for recovery.

「Eh? She vanished.」

「Space Magic or something I guess?」

「What happened, just now?」

「She seemed to become strange after drinking coffee though.」

「Coffee. I seem to remember hearing some trivia saying that spiders get drunk when they drink coffee, but surely that’s not it?」

「Certainly not. I doubt that would be enough to make her so unsteady.」

「I was shocked when she suddenly collapsed, but since she used Space Magic on her own I guess she’s okay?」

「Maybe?」

D「To think she’d self-destruct before I could go and knock her down. Every time she cuts across my expectations at some weird angle.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 263: I couldn't win against caffeine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

263 – I couldn’t win against caffeine

Ahh!? Where is this? Who am I?

Hrm? No, seriously, where is this? There’s this rather sudden break in my memory though, so what happened? Or rather, I feel absolutely horrible. I feel like I’m going to vomit, yet I can’t. It’s like, between my stomach and my mouth is the origin of the horrible feelings that are swirling around, coming and going. My body also seems quite sluggish, and I’ve got this pounding headache as well. Since becoming a god this is the first time that my physical condition has gotten this bad.

This is dangerous, so for now I perform an emergency check on whether there’s any risk to my life. While my physical condition has never been worse, my life is not at risk. Although that does bring a sense of relief, since I don’t know what actually caused this condition, I can’t become truly relived. I download the memories from my clones, attempting to search for the gaps in the main body’s memory to figure out what happened.

It appears, that it was almost immediately after I drank coffee that I went strange. Da heck? Since it’s something that D drank it’s possible that there was something dubious in it. But when I check the diagnostics information from when the main body collapsed and the clones attempted to performed recovery, there’s no real trace of any strange substances within my body. The cause of my bad condition is… caffeine?

Da heck? Caffeine is, that caffeine, right? Something that is normally contained within coffee and similar. This is what caused my condition to become so bad that I collapsed in a heap? Eh, seriously, why?

Though I understand the cause, the uncertain situation has become even more confusing. For now, what I know is that it appears that my constitution cannot handle caffeine. When my clones attempted to decompose the caffeine, their condition became bad instead, so it can be considered to be quite fundamental. The substance that cannot even be decomposed with the power of god – caffeine. How terrifying. I don’t understand humans who just chug this stuff down. I had thought I had gotten used to eating poison, but there was still an unexpected pitfall out there.

Siiigh. For now, I’ll laze around here until my physical condition improves. Though the clones had been configured so that if the main body collapses it’ll be tossed into another dimension after a while, their quick judgement was excellent work. If my body had been left defenceless there like that, who knows just what would have happened to it. Well, even if it was attacked or something, that probably wouldn’t lead to a situation where I would die though. Even if my main body was killed, I wouldn’t actually die.

No, self-conceit is no good. After all, mere caffeine was almost enough to kill me even. Mere caffeine. Plain ordinary caffeine.

In practice, I’m not so fragile that it’s possible for someone within the System to be able to kill me, is what I think, but it’s not absolutely the case that I can’t be killed. It’s kinda like a battle between an ant and an elephant. If they fight normally, then there wouldn’t be any contest. However, what if the ant got into the elephant’s ear? Maybe it’d then be possible that the elephant could die.

I can say that from experience. If an ordinary human fights me normally there’s no reason why they could win. There’s none, but, occasionally those things called miracles do happen. That is how I myself have repeatedly beaten higher ranked opponents after all.

Of course, even if they’re higher ranked, rather than it being due to a miracle, I take pride in winning through with my own power. However, I always ran away from opponents I thought that I could never beat. Like Alaba, like Mother. The higher ranked opponents that I beat, were solely limited to those within touching distance. I never even challenged an opponent I couldn’t beat without wishing for a miracle in the first place.

That is how things are now. Having absolutely no chance of winning, it could be said that I ran away from D. By the action of accepting rather than rejecting D’s proposal to become her kin.

My basic policy has always been to give top priority to survival. However, there is a certain little obstinacy attached to that. Due to that obstinacy there is an essential matter over which I am unwilling to negotiate, though I guess that’s unavoidable. Since if I yield on that then I wouldn’t be me anymore.

My very existence itself, is considerably vague. Originally I was an ordinary spider. Due to D’s whim, that then became an existence prepared as a scapegoat for her. Furthermore, under the assumption that I would die, my memory and everything were made without consideration for the details. Although it wasn’t to the extent that I would be conscious of such doubts, my memories of Wakaba Hiiro are flawed you know. Even though I believed that I had parents, I can’t recall their faces at all, for example. But despite having such flawed memories, I didn’t feel any doubt. Because D manipulated things so that I wouldn’t feel that way.

To say it again, I genuinely feel that I can only be myself. My past memories are a sham, and cannot serve as a foundation for myself. Even the status values and skills that I cultivated within this world, are merely power within the framework of the System created by D’s hand.

Once I was able to free myself from that System, I had thought that I would be able to become free. Liberated from a troublesome world, with my life no longer at constant risk, I had believed that I would be able to live a quiet and comfortable life. Looking at the results, as usual there is always someone better than you, and at the end of the day all that’s happened is that I have this rather unchanging world. Unable to defy the absolute being known as D, I’m living the life of a gopher who has to watch over the fate of this world. On top of that, the foundation of my own existence was overturned, delivering the shocking truth.

I can’t take it any more. The human who I had thought that I was, actually was a complete stranger with absolutely no relation to the original me after all. On top of that, my original memory is basically equivalent to nothing. The existence known as me, might as well have been born in the place known as the Elro Great Labyrinth, raising a baby’s first cry for the first time after breaking open its eggshell, basically. That’s just how much I am in the palm of D’s hand.

I was born to be a convenient sacrificial pawn for D. However, I betrayed that assumption and survived. Having amused D, this time I’m being allowed to live. There’s no place for my own desires. It’s all for D’s convenience.

Just about everything about the existence known as me, is connected with D. Having her eye on me for becoming her kin, just means that the connection between us can now never be broken no matter how I try. Looking at it that way, maybe D is basically like my parent. However, being born under the assumption that I would die, that’s way beyond mere child neglect there buddy.

Perhaps when all is said and done, I’m currently like a child in a rebellious phase huh. While keeping it below the level where it could offend D, I’ll take the maximum possible actions that go counter to her expectations. I don’t want to be called petty though. What I’m doing is accompanying the greatest individual project in the whole world you know.

Ahh! This ain’t good. I suspect that because I feel bad that my thoughts are going in a negative direction. Well, rather than suspect, they’ve completely declining.

Normally I’d never be thinking such things. Normally I’d obviously be like “I am what I am so I’ll do whatever I want!”

However, no matter what, I just end up having such thoughts. Like, “for what reason I am living I wonder”.

Even if I say so for myself, I think I’m saying some pretty immature stuff. I think so, but having been created under the assumption that I would die and being an existence where everything was fabricated I do wonder what’s the meaning of my life? I just don’t know. I live because I want to live. I think that’s enough, but on the other hand that thought just won’t go away from my mind at all. Having gained a human shape, has my heart also become closer to being human maybe?

Argh, stop stop! I’m definitely thinking all these wishy-washy things because my physical condition is bad. When my physical condition returns I’ll return back to normal. So until then I’ll just go to bed in a huff. Yeah, let’s do that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 264: Main Body has gotten a job
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

264 – Main Body has gotten a job

On waking up after sleeping all night, I feel refreshed. I had worried about what to do if my physical condition was still bad today, but I’m glad that it turned out to be a needless anxiety.

For now, with regards to my idea about having an official position during the conference with the Divine Word Religion, let’s go coax one from the Demon King. Well, getting an official position in name only where I don’t actually have to do anything would be good, yeah.

「You want a job, Shiro-chan? Okay, I’ll give you the 10th Army, so manage them.」

Whoa!? When I casually asked “give me some kinda official position” I got an army corps forced onto me. Why did this happen? No seriously, why?

「Why?」

「Right now, Balto is focused on reorganising the army, but even though we have soldiers we don’t have the commanders to lead them. The 10th Army is in the midst of being formed so it doesn’t even have soldiers attached to it yet though. For that reason, our Demon King Army doesn’t have the luxury to let capable personnel be idle!」

Says the person who is eating sweets laid out on her desk. Regarding the matter of idling around, despite what she’s saying, the leading contender is the person at the top of the Demon King Army.

「By the way, Kuro-chan took control over the 9th Army.」

Each Administrator is the leader of an army corps huh. Surely it’s not absolutely necessary for us to have an army with us? War potential wise, surely it would be enough to be a commander without soldiers? Well, despite saying that perhaps I’ve also become like that.

「No really, we seriously are short on capable personnel. Although we tried dragging out the bunch who were laying low in the free regions, most of them can’t really even fight. They’re excellent as government officials though.」

The demon territory is a place based on the merit system. Well, more or less. Because it is a government based on brute strength, the living standards aren’t up those in the human territories though. Reality is a merit system () after all.

「So there you have it, I’ll get Balto to bring over the list of soldiers who aren’t yet attached later, so go ahead and organise a suitable army corps.」

「Even though I don’t have any experience with that?」

「It’s fine, it’s fine. Where there’s a will, there’s a way.」

The actual end result is that I’ve become an army commander. On top of that, the Demon King is totally intending to work me hard. I had only expected to take up an official position in name but not in deed, so how did it end up like this?

However, having taken over responsibility, or rather, forcibly had responsibility pushed on to me, there’s no way that I can’t do it. In the Demon King’s Castle an office room will be set aside for my personal use, so clearly the Demon King is quite serious about this.

I’ve so easily gotten a job without actually intending to. I more or less have the title to my name of being a candidate for D’s kin, so until now I’ve had the sense of being an employee in training though. Is this a bit like becoming a section manager at my training place perhaps? Not quite? I certainly don’t have any memories of being a working adult so I don’t understand anything about the corporate workplace and such.

Dear gentlemen who are struggling with poor employment prospects in Japan. The Demon King’s Army is seeking skilled personnel. Excellent wages, decent working hours, just no guarantees of survival. Please come for an interview. We will be waiting.

Ahh. It seems like I’ve agreed to the Demon King with a somewhat “I guess I’ll give it a go” type feeling huh. However, thinking about it seriously, it might actually be good to have an army that I can use however I like. Since I generally use my clones I hadn’t really thought about it one way or another before. When I use my clones, I’m doing it with the sense of it having to be behind the scenes after all. If I have an army, it means I can boldly take action center stage as well. For now though, I don’t know whether there’ll be any merit for that or not.

If I’m going to develop an army anyway, it’s reasonable that I’d want to have some acquaintances in it. Thus, I tried asking vampire girl and oni-kun if they want to enlist.

「I have my studies still.」

「Please let me think about it for a bit.」

They declined. Unbelieveable. I had thought that maybe one of them would have joined, but it seems it was just my one-sided feelings. Dammit.

For now, since Felmina-chan is in my care, I will compel her to participate. She’s originally an ojou-sama who received good education, so she should be able to handle operational management for an army. Thus, she is inaugurated as deputy commander. Once I decided that and went to inform the person herself, she acknowledged it while having a vague smile on her face. I’m sure she’s panicking on the inside, but to not show that in her expression her skills as a noble are amazing. I would like a certain vampire who readily shows her feelings on her face to follow her example a bit.

Later in the evening, Balto came bringing a huge amount of documents including a list of the soldiers, and I said that I’d like to headhunt Mera who is in his group. I was refused politely though. I’m told that Mera is already entrusted with an army corps, and before long he will replace Balto as the commander of the 4th Army. With Balto freed from that it seems he’ll then be managing all the armies directly under the Demon King, so he’ll probably be just as busy as ever. Balto is seriously suffering from overwork, but he’s not going to die, right? Mera looks as much like a corpse or even worse though. They seemed to have become rather pitiful so I performed some magic on them to restore their vigor. Do your best Balto. Stay alive Balto.

The next day my personal office in the Demon King’s Castle was prepared, and I became immersed in processing the documents handed to me by Balto. Completing the documents for establishing the new army corps within half a day, organising the office within a day, Balto’s ability with office work has reached the maximum limit. Maybe it’d be better to leave everything to him already? Ah, then Balto would totally die from overwork. However, please don’t bring me additional documents faster than I can process them though, okay? What a man you are, Balto-san.

In that kind of mood, it seems like I’ve been having a staring match with documents and already several days have passed in a flash. Since I’ve been sitting in a chair the whole damn time my bottom and back have gotten sore. Also, since I’ve been keeping my eyes closed and reading the documents with fluoroscopy my eyes have gotten worn out in a strange way. Rather than normal eye strain, it’s more like I should say that I’ve gotten eye strain in magic ability or something I guess. Also, I’ve written so much that my hands are sore. To turn the body of a god into such damaged goods, desk work sure is terrifying. I’ve gotten a glimpse of the suffering Balto endures. I’m glad that I appointed Felmina as deputy commander. I certainly wouldn’t have been able to win this battle by myself. I’ve really been saved by having my capable secretary Felmina-chan by my side.

Now then, although the documents aren’t yet completely finished, I have to proceed to another battlefield. Time to go to the battlefield known as the second conference with the Divine Word Religion.

Ｄ「Paperwork is painful.」

Meido「Work faster!」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 265: The Demon King is a NEET but not a shut-in
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

265 – The Demon King is a NEET but not a shut-in

「Then, let’s get going!」

As for the Demon King who says that with a huge smile, first of all I’ll kick her to the ground.

「Meanie! You’ve got this beautiful girl visiting you, and yet your welcome response is a kick of all things!」

「I didn’t call you. Leave.」

To the Demon King who is rather deliberately cowering on the floor with her hand covering her face in sad pose, I repeatedly kick her over until she’s driven out from the room. I shut the door and take a breath. What did she come for anyway?

「Okay, okay. This time I’m seriously asking you to bring me along. You’re just about to go to the Divine Word Religion, right?」

Opening the door I had just closed, the Demon King re-enters while spouting that nonsense.

「It’s not the sort of place I can take a NEET to.」

The Demon King is taken aback, so much so that I can almost hear a “kadoom” sound effect.

「Even Shiro-chan is denouncing me as a NEET huh……」

You practically are a NEET though, aren’t you. Balto is doing almost all the work after all.

「If it comes to that, then I’ll have to destroy the world by myself!」

「Quit it.」

If the Demon King got serious she pretty much could do so after all. Even for a joke that’s no joke.

「Well, putting the joke to the side, bring me along.」

「Eh?」

「Eh?」

The Demon King freezes for a short while.

「It couldn’t possibly be, that Shiro-chan seriously thinks of me as a useless NEET, right? Right?」

It seems that she has real tears in her eyes, but what am I going to do about her now? Seeking some assistance I glance at Felmina-chan, but she’s organising some documents while giving off an “I’m in the middle of work” vibe. I get a strong feeling that she doesn’t want anything to do with this. I kinda get the impression that this girl has gotten a bit impudent lately.

「Oh? That’s the girl that you picked up, Shiro-chan?」

The Demon King noticed my glance, and locks onto Felmina-chan. The locked on Felmina-chan raises her head and makes eye contact with the Demon King.

「Pleased to meet you. I am called Felmina. I do not have a family name.」

Despite having kept up that “no concern of mine” attitude until a moment ago, she gives a polite greeting without showing any reluctance on her face. Just what you’d expect of an ex-noble. She has no family name because she’s an “ex”. Though she has none, she has a perfect iron wall cultivated behind that ladylike greeting. However, I bet on the inside she thinks that this is a bother, no doubt.

「Hiya. Thanks for your consideration. I’m Ariel. The Demon King.」

At the Demon King’s self-introduction, Femina-chan’s movement instantly stops. She glances towards me, so I give a slight nod.

Yup. This is the first time Felmina-chan’s seen the Demon King after all. Or rather, I think there’s hardly anybody who knows that the Demon King is the Demon King. I’m sure she wouldn’t have realised that this thing is the Demon King. She’s desperately keeping up a neutral expression, but wouldn’t she freely be breaking into a cold sweat on the inside I wonder? The proof of that, is that I hear her heartbeat becoming wild.

「So, what did you come for?」

In order to stop the Demon King from noticing, I address her. Worrying about her subordinate’s heart, I’m such a kind boss. Yet despite that, Felmina-chan’s heartbeat speeds up even further. Incomprehensible.

「No no no! Shiro-chan, I’ve already been asking since earlier, right? If you’re going over to the Divine Word Religion’s place then I’m coming too okay – I’m pretty sure I’ve said it many times already though!?」

Ah, that wasn’t a joke but genuinely seriously honestly then huh. I’d been convinced that this NEET wouldn’t want to work. So-o-o sorry. However, to think that this NEET would actually be willing to work, perhaps this is an omen that the end of the world is nigh? Oi, what the hell is Gyurigyuri doing!? The world is in crisis!

「Hey, you better not thinking something incredibly rude okay?」

Nothing of the sort. Even if what I really was thinking was rude she wouldn’t be able to realise it. Well, I guess there’s no problem in bringing the Demon King along too. I bet she wouldn’t work even if I left her behind. She’s a NEET ya know.

No help for it then but to add the NEET as another member to our Divine Word Religion attack squad. When I had tentatively asked vampire girl and oni-kun they had both indicated that they would be able to go. When I asked Felmina-chan if she was coming just in case, she gave a Japanese-like humble refusal of “Unfortunately I’m wouldn’t be of much use”, indicating that she had no intention of going. I somehow felt that it could be rather interesting to forcibly bring her along, so after a nod I condemned her with “I’m sure that’s not the case so let’s go”. Condemned to death by coercion. You can only answer “yes” or “yes, sir”. You have no right of veto! I’m sure it’s just my imagination that behind the iron wall her ladylike smile is twitching.

Thus, bringing the Demon King and Felmina-chan along we leave to pick up vampire girl and oni-kun. In the process, we ran into Balto’s younger brother the hoodlum. This guy shouldn’t normally be in the castle, but why do I keep running into him so frequently? It seems he noticed us as well and he looks at me. He probably doesn’t intend to, but since he has an unpleasant look in his eyes by nature it feels like he’s seriously glaring at me so I wish he’d stop that. As if granting my wish, the hoodling shifts his gaze from me to fasten onto the Demon King beside me. His expression becomes grimmer. It seems like he wasn’t really glaring at me after all. The gaze he has focused on the Demon King could certainly be called a real glare.

「Bitch, where do you think you’re going?」

The hoodlum has started a eyeballing match!

「Surely it’s my choice to go wherever I want?」

The Demon King doesn’t waver!

「Aniki is working without even time to sleep, yet you’re on a carefree stroll huh?」

Almost as if I can hear a “breaking” sound effect, I can tell that the hoodlum has snapped. I can almost see a vein popping on his forehead.

The place we’re about to go to is certainly not for playing, but even if we said so the hoodlum wouldn’t accept that huh. On the contrary, even if we told the truth it would probably cause a needless misunderstanding. After all, we’re basically going right to the center of the enemy camp.

「Eek, scary-y-y! Save me Shiro-chan!」

While demanding to be saved the Demon King clings to me without even the merest hint of fear in her voice. Bug off. However, I don’t have any spare time either so I can’t waste time arguing with the hoodlum here.

「Hey, there’s no need for you to stay under someone like this. If you’re annoyed then clearly say that you’re annoyed.」

「Annoyed.」

It burns me to do as the hoodlum says, but I hate being clinged to so I tear away from her after saying that.

「Kadoom!」

Well, whatever. Maybe I should leave this thing behind after all. It’s gotten annoying in all sorts of ways, so I ignore both the Demon King and the hoodlum and walk off.

「Oi, wait a sec!」

「Wait up, Shiro-chan!」

Ignore, ignore. I guess the hoodlum gave up and doesn’t follow, but the damn Demon King grabs around my waist while following. Hey, my spine will break. I’m a bit irritated so I kick her to the ground. I seriously thought about just leaving her here, but it can’t be helped so I grab her by the scruff of the neck and drag her along. It hasn’t even gotten to the main event yet, so why do I have to be so worn out like this? I can tell that it’s going to be a gruelling day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter de-pop: The Demon King and the Pope
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Demon King and the Pope

Author’s note: The pope’s point of view.

「Did it surprise you that I’d become the Demon King?」

On entering my private room, Ariel-sama took a wine bottle out from the rack as if familiar with the place, and then began to drink straight from the bottle. I had never invited Ariel-sama to this room even once, but since it’s her it wouldn’t be strange if she’s used to the layout of places like this I guess. Seeing her consume someone else’s drink without hesitation, I guess this is the pride of the absolute being who stands at the summit of this world. That wine is something precious that I’ll never be able to get more of, but I guess there’s no help for it.

「I certainly was. I am sure that Shiro-sama also kept quiet about it to surprise me. How naughty of her.」

Truly, I hadn’t even imagined that Ariel-sama would actually become the likes of the Demon King. Regarding the Nightmare of the Labyrinth incident, I first heard about it only when this person began to take action. That indicates just how significant the meaning is of this person becoming the Demon King.

「Oh. Rather than thinking that way, Shiro-chan probably didn’t mention it because it was a bother, or because she simply forgot, one of those two I guess? I don’t understand Shiro-chan’s thinking either, but there probably wasn’t any deep meaning regarding this.」

If Ariel-sama would say that, then I shall leave it there. I should have been able to discern that Ariel-sama had become the Demon King based on the fragmentary information. That I didn’t realise it is merely due to my inadequate imagination. Despite knowing the importance of information, I was a fool not to be able to determine the real situation from the gathered information. In no way am I criticizing Shiro-sama. In the first place, Shiro-sama is a person on the side of the demons. There is no obligation for her to inform us as representatives of the humans with regards to information on the demons.

「Well then. I am sure that you did not call me in order to gossip. Please speak about the matter.」

「Hmm. In my case, I would enjoy speaking about the old days though.」

Ignoring my urging, Ariel-sama tips up the wine bottle. Her slender throat heartily rises and falls, and the contents of the bottle empties.

「Pwah! Delicious!」

「Even amongst my collection that is an item of rare quality after all.」

「I am the Ruler of Gluttony in the end you know. I have a keen nose for the good stuff.」

In a good humour, she stirs the wine up even further.

「Dustin. Won’t you change your mind?」

Quietly, in a small voice that I almost fail to hear it, she enquires that. My response is a given.

「It is too late for that. Since the start, I never had the right to choose my answer. That is not something allowed for this fool who abandoned the Goddess, choosing to take the path where the humans survive. I have no right to choose another path.」

「I see.」

Silence. Only the solitary sound of Ariel-sama drinking the wine resounds.

「For those who know the past, it’s just us, Gyuri and Potimas now. The ones that I knew have sacrificed themselves, the lot of them.」

「Those personages were magnificent.」

「Magnificient or not, once they’ve gone there’s no meaning to it. Sariel-sama wouldn’t have wished for that.」

「Even so. Those personages, following their own conviction, continued to resist this world to the end. I am envious of them. Though even thinking that, is probably something unpardonable for me.」

Ariel-sama’s former comrades, were strong. Not just in combat ability, but their hearts. Perhaps it could be said that their strong hearts themselves were the key to their strength. The act of wanting to save the Goddess, that very belief.

However, they are no longer with us. They cannot even reincarnate. Because they sacrificed everything, including their very souls.

「Well, in the end, I too am about to take actions against Sariel-sama’s will, so I guess I have no right to talk about them.」

Ariel-sama said that as if seemingly lonely. Following Sariel-sama’s will, the only one to adhere to that until now, the oldest Divine Beast who continued to watch over the world. To take actions against that will, just how much conflict is within her I wonder. I cannot even imagine that.

「I will kill Potimas.」

A flat voice. It is said that when the urge to kill someone becomes too great, conversely one’s emotions become vacant. Potimas has gone too far. In spite of having already earned Ariel-sama’s wrath, he actually provoked her even further.

「Neither of us are able to compromise with each other.」

「Of course.」

Putting aside everything that happened in the past and joining our hands together, is no longer possible for us. Ariel-sama and I, have already walked too far down our paths of no return. While we accept each other, those paths can never reach the same conclusion. Even still, on just this occasion we are able to cooperate together. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, huh, a saying from Sajin’s world.

「Afterwards, shall we grandly kill each other or what?」

「I humbly wish to decline.」

Those words were said as a joke. However, that is a future that could well happen after the elves are taken down. We are able to cooperate for now. However, we’re still mutual enemies. No matter how far we go, we cannot come together. In that case, we must settle our dispute. For Ariel-sama to have become the Demon King, that was surely to put an end to a particular matter. Once that happens, I will only be an obstacle to Ariel-sama. In which case, conflict is inevitable. With the current Ariel-sama having decided to take actions against Sariel-sama’s will, the mere concept of being careful does not exist. I’m sure she will wage her entire soul.

Terrifying. Our chances of winning, is equivalent to none. Even so, I must oppose her. For the sake of all humans. I swore to protect the humans even if it meant committing blasphemy against the Goddess, in order to continue what I had begun long ago.

「Thanks for the drink.」

Ariel-sama places down the empty wine bottle. A wine bottle with a magnificent label, but without any content. To that thing that was like myself, I felt an empty laugh rising up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-ninja: The Oni and the Ninja
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Oni and the Ninja

Author’s note: oni-kun’s point of view.

After leaving the conference room, I was led to Kusama’s private room. In size, I guess it was about 6 tatami or so. However, because clothes and all sorts of mysterious objects of uncertain usage are scattered over the place, I feel that the usable space is rather cramped. To put it bluntly, it’s a mess. Heck, I can’t even see the floor.

「Kusama, tidy the place up.」

「Sorry, sorry. It’s not like I’ve ever had anyone over before, you see.」

Kusama makes a little unabashed laugh, and my anger fades away.

「Anyway, let’s sit?」

Pushing aside a heap of rubbish, I take out a chair. Since there doesn’t seem to be anywhere else to sit other than the bed, I’ll gratefully sit here. Sure enough, Kusama sits down on the bed. There’s nowhere else to sit after all.

「Anyway, it’s been a long time.」

「Yeah. In the previous conference we had no chance to talk after all.」

During the previous conference, though we did meet face to face, we withdrew without exchanging even a few words. Yet, since my previous life this is the first time that I’ve had a conversation like this. It really can be said to have been a long time. Particularly in my case as a male reincarnator, this is the first time with someone I’m relatively friendly with. With both Shiro-san and Sophia-san, it’s not like I interacted with them in my previous incarnation for a start, and I’ve not had any kind of friendly conversations with them either, so for some reason I have this deep emotion welling up within me at this reunion.

「It seriously has been a long time, yeah. What have you been up to until now?」

「That will be a long story I guess.」

Many things have happened to me in this world. If I start to talk about that, it will take up a lot of time. I want to enjoy having a conversation with a friend in this reunion after such a long time, but it’s not like I can just talk forever. Besides, at any rate, talking about my past will make for a gloomy conversation. Since there’s this chance, I’d rather not make the mood gloomy.

「I mean, are you seriously going to participate in the war together with the demons?」

「I am serious about doing so.」

「Ehh. Don’t go there. War and stuff is madness, right.」

Seeing Kusama’s face showing his objection from the bottom of his heart, a bitter smile came out. It seems that Kusama hasn’t yet experienced harsh circumstances like I did. That attitude of avoiding war, makes me envious, or perhaps he’s blindingly pure compared to me.

「You won’t participate, Kusama?」

「No way, no way. Being in a war is like repeatedly asking to be killed right. If I was about to be forced into it I would flee instead. Ah, this is off-the-record okay.」

Considering that he is a member of the core of the Divine Word Religion which is an organisation that could be said to represent humanity, he sure seems to be pretty casual about refusing to participate in war. I guess it’s nice to be free. Despite all that, I bet that when the moment arises he would go with the flow and actually start participating in the war. That’s the kind of guy Kusama is. Taking a “if you can’t beat them join them” attitude, he then tries to steal the show, but gets the short end of the stick instead. That sort of guy.

「At any rate, during the conference, weren’t you rather too nervous?」

「Idiot! It’d be impossible for me not to be nervous in a place like that, right! Why did I have to be there? I was seriously sticking out like a sore thumb you know.」

I’m relieved to see that he still has his lower class attitude. He sure hasn’t changed. As he himself would say, Kusama would get nervous just from being embarrassed during class at school, so it might be unfair to expect such a person to not be nervous during that tense atmosphere during the conference.

「Rather, to be able to boldly make that statement in such a place, you’re amazing.」

「Haha. Maybe that was a case of being numb with fear though.」

Perhaps that could also be called a form of desperation. Despite how it looked though, in a different sense to Kusama, I made that statement while considerably nervous. The nervousness that if I made one wrong move then I might be erased.

「Say, Sasa-yan.」

Kusama called me the same way he used to before.

「Ah, sorry. I’d prefer to be called “Wrath”, please.」

It felt nice to be called the same way that Kusama used to call me before. However, I don’t want to call myself by my old name after all. If I had to say it, it might be a rather trivial hangup, but no matter what, I really don’t think I have the right to call myself by the name my parents gave me in the old world or this world.

「Sasa-yan, when did you become chuunibyou?」

「It’s not something like that though. There’s some rather complicated reasons but if possible I don’t want to be called by my real name.」

「Hrmm. Well, if you say so.」

It’s not like he actually understood, but Kusama still accepted it. However, chuunibyou huh? Sophia-san also called me that, depressingly.

「Ah, by the way Sasa, er no, Wrath? I really hope not, but don’t tell me you and Wakaba-san are dating or something, right?」

「Huh?」

「Don’t “huh” me! What the heck is with you standing beside the school’s lovely goddess Wakaba-san! If the others knew of this, wouldn’t you be killed!? Even if you’re not actually dating!」

Er, ahh. Certainly Shiro-san, or rather Wakaba-san in her previous life was popular. However, because of this feel about her that she was virtually impossible to approach, there wasn’t anyone who would confess or similar to her, and instead it was the case that she was worshipped from a distance. If anyone tried to get close to that Wakaba-san, they’d probably be faced with murderous intent by some of those worshippers.

「It’s okay. It’s not that kind of sweet relationship.」

Based on what I know of the current Shiro-san, even in a worst case scenario I won’t gain such feelings for her I’m sure.

「Right then. In that case keep a lookup so that no strange bugs approach Wakaba-san! I can rely on you, right!」

「Sure, Sure.」

I’ll just go with the flow in response here. I bet that even if I did nothing, I doubt Shiro-san would be able to get a boyfriend anyway. Shiro-san doesn’t seem to be interested in such things for a start.

「By the way, whether it’s Wakaba-san, or whether it’s Sasa er Wrath, why are your faces unchanged since before? As far as I know everyone who is reborn should have a different face though.」

「I don’t really understand it myself.」

It’s not like I wished for my face to be like this for a start.

「The point we have in common, would be both Shiro-san and I were originally monsters I guess. Maybe if you evolve from a monster to a human form you get your previous life’s face or something?」

「Speaking of which, the old geezer did seem to say that Wakaba-san was a monster called the Nightmare of the Labyrinth.」

「Old geezer?」

「The pope.」

How can this guy call the leader of a large organisation “old geezer” when he was so nervous sitting in that conference? I don’t really understand the difference between such things.

「I’ve only heard about it myself, but is it true that Wakaba-san committed something extreme?」

「It’s true. Enough that it’s rather scary.」

I feel bad for shattering Kusama’s delusions about Shiro-san, but it’s certainly the truth that Shiro-san is involved with all sorts of shady things. I’ve heard her say from her own mouth that she’s committed massacres for a start, and declare that she will commit more in future as well. I can’t even stop that, and I’ll be in a position to contribute towards that as well.

「To think Wakaba-san would. Well, I guess that’s okay.」

How’s that okay?

「Don’t you think that whatever Wakaba-san wants to do is probably okay?」

「Is that really how it is?」

Certainly, since her previous existence Wakaba-san has been wrapped in mystery though.

「I feel that she’s changed after being reborn though.」

「Well of course. More than ten years have passed, yeah? Of course she’d change.」

「In that sense, you haven’t changed much though, Kusama.」

Having dug his own grave, Kusama collapses on the bed. Instead, I actually feel relieved that Kusama’s attitude hasn’t really changed though.

「Talking of having changed, that darn Rihoko, hasn’t she changed too much?」

「Oh my? Who you might be referring to there, I wonder?」

To Kusama’s seemingly reminiscing words, the voice of a third party responds. Almost as if I can hear a creaking sound, Kusama slowly turns his head around, and with a similar feeling I look over my shoulder. Standing there, with an incredibly scary expression on her face, is Sophia-san.

Translation notes:

In Japan, rooms are often measured in terms of the number of tatami mats that would be required to cover the floor, often a whole number. For a home, 6 tatami would be about 2.73m by 3.64m (9ft by 12ft).

“Sasa-yan” – Wrath’s full name in his previous existence is 笹島京也 – Sasajima Kyouya. Sasa-yan (笹やん) uses the first kanji of Sasajima. It’s pretty common to make up nicknames like this.

“Strange bugs” – not in the literal meaning. Wrath is basically being asked to guard “Wakaba-san” against anyone attracted to her making an approach.

“Rihoko” – Sophia’s old nickname. “Ri” for “real”, “ho” for “horror” and “ko” being a common ending for girl’s names – ie “real horror girl”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter vam-oni-ninja: The Vampire, the Oni and the Ninja
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Vampire, the Oni and the Ninja

Author’s note: vampire girl’s point of view.

During my previous incarnation, I knew that I was secretly called Rihoko. Real horror girl. Rihoko, for short. I don’t know who started calling me that. Not in the least bit amusing, a nickname that purely holds me in contempt.

That is what the boy in front of me put into words. During the previous conference he introduced himself as a reincarnator already, so it’s no surprise that he knows about me. However, given that I didn’t reveal my name from my previous existence, why is this guy speaking that name?

「Hey? If you just freeze I won’t understand though? Just who might you be talking about?」

When I tried cross-examining him while being coercive, the boy, I think it was Kusama-kun, made an amusingly cramped face. Kyouya-kun who is also looking over his shoulder at me, made an “uh oh” expression as well.

「If you just stay silent I won’t understand, right? Hurry up and say it.」

When I tried increasing the threatening further, Kusama-kun’s face turns pale and he sinks into silence. Damn. Threatening had the opposite effect it seems. Kusama-kun was the type to sink into silence when he was at a disadvantage I believe.

This is getting annoying so I’ll just use Charm I guess? Temporarily putting Charm on him seems like the quickest way to get him to confess everything he knows.

Perhaps he guessed my disquieting thoughts, as Kusama-kun prostrated himself. A dogeza.

「Sorry excuse me please forgive me!」

While doing a dogeza on the bed Kusama-kun gives a full apology, speaking without pause. Somehow, after seeing that pitiful figure I lost the inclination to cross-examine him. That being said, I’m certainly still furious, so if I let him off the hook here I won’t be able to calm down.

I move to stand in front of the kneeling Kusama-kun, and force his head to look up at me. When our eyes meet, I smile sweetly.

「Ehe?」

When Kusama-kun responds with a tight ingratiating smile, I instantly bite into the nape of his neck, which has cold sweat slowly running down it.

「Hogeh!?」

I suck up the blood that flows out from where I stabbed into with my fangs. However, that was also for an instant, as right away my shoulder was grabbed from behind and I was pulled back. As I expected, when I turned around there was Kyouya-kun with a grim face.

「Ooh? Ooohh? Oohhhh……」

Kusama-kun’s mouth opens and closes like a goldfish while meaningless moans rise out. I lick off the blood trickling around my mouth, and turn my gaze to Kyouya-kun.

「I just took a little blood. With this I shall forgive his slander. Got a problem?」

Kyouya-kun seemed to be about to say something, but perhaps he also thought that Kusama-kun was at fault, as he mutely releases his hand from my shoulder and sighs.

「Sasa-yan, I somehow feel, a new door opening within me.」

「Don’t. That mustn’t be opened.」

While pressing a hand onto his neck where I bit him, this pervert is spouting nonsense. Well, apparently it feels good to be bitten by a vampire so maybe it’s too much to call him a pervert.

「So? How exactly did you know it was me?」

「Ah, yes. We’ve been keeping records of what’s been happening with the reincarnators after creating a list of all the classmates, so we know about the current state of most of the reincarnators. Using that, by a process of elimination, we could confirm who was who, yes.」

「Meaning, most of the class have been found then?」

To Kusama-kun’s reply, Kyouya-kun responded. Unlike me, Kyouya-kun had friends, and maybe there’s someone he’d like to meet.

「Yeah. The majority are at the elf village though, but Ogi infiltrated and was able to determine the identity of everyone there. There’s also several enrolled in the academy at a neighbouring country, and we’ve also identified them. Then, at the previous conference there was the three of you reincarnators right? Certainly we hadn’t identified you yet, and the list wasn’t completed yet, but I could tell who Sasa, er, Wrath was from his face, and the same with Wakaba-san. Then, since it seemed that the only girl who hadn’t been found was Negishi-san, by a process of elimination I figured she was probably Negishi-san.」

「Ogi did?」

「Ah, I shouldn’t have said that.」

I wonder if this guy’s okay? I feel that he just leaked some pretty important information without batting an eyelid though.

「P, please act like you didn’t hear that. Okay? Okay?」

「Sure. Well, we’re already cooperating with regards to the elves so I guess it’s probably okay?」

「Yes! Safe!」

You’re not safe. While Kyouya-kun did say that it’s okay he didn’t say anything about not having heard it. This guy might be hopeless.

「Incidentally, is it possible to show me that list?」

「Sure, no problem. I have a copy, so wait a sec.」

Saying so Kusama-kun moved aside a pile of rubbish. Is this really okay? Isn’t that more or less some kind of secret document? Just because we’re all reincarnators here surely that doesn’t mean it’s okay to blithely hand it over so easily?

「Found it, found it. I have pen and paper so feel free to make a copy.」

I’m not particularly interested, but Kyouya-kun is making a copy of that paper with a serious expression. He’s completely different to me who has no lingering attachment to my previous life.

「Thank you. You were a great help.」

「You’re welcome!」

Kyouya-kun hands back the original note to Kusama-kun.

「Afterwards, I’ll have to show this to Shiro-san as well.」

Somehow or other I give a start when that name is said. Ah, that’s right. I was told by goshujin-sama that they’re going to return so I need to fetch Kyouya-kun. This is bad. With everything that was going on here quite a lot of time has elapsed. Goshujin-sama might be getting irritated at having to wait about now.

「Kyouya-kun, if you’re done then it’s about time we return. Ariel-san and the others are already waiting.」

「Sophia-san, how many times do I have to tell you that I don’t want to be called by my name?」

I ignore what Kyouya-kun is saying with a frown. Since I’m deliberately calling him Kyouya-kun as harassment, there’s no way I’d stop if asked is there.

「Let’s go already. If you don’t come then you’ll be left here.」

I promptly turn around and head towards the previous conference room. Outside the door is a person from the church who guided me here. Not only that, I sense the presence of what feels like human dark-ops hiding in the shadows monitoring us, but I’ll ignore them unless they make a move on us. There’s no way that they would allow an outsider, or rather someone who could practically be called an enemy, to walk around freely without monitoring them. I’m sure that they heard the conversation in Kusama-kun’s room as well. Kusama-kun, are you going to be okay? I’m sure you won’t be killed, but you’ll probably be severely scolded at least. Well, it’s nothing to do with me. I expel Kusama-kun’s situation from my mind and quickly head back to where goshujin-sama is.

Pope「Our ninja is so rubbish that it’s dangerous.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 266: Didn't even need to be here
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

266 – Didn’t even need to be here

「Umm, in the end, why was I brought here exactly?」

Felmina-chan asks me that in an awfully forlorn voice. Yep. She didn’t even need to be here. I didn’t even speak a single word this time. I guess we were unnecessary weren’t we? Yep yep. Us unnecessary comrades might as well be air.

Sensing that I wasn’t going to reply, Felmina-chan sinks into silence as if giving up. During the conference itself she might as well been air, but even when that was over the sense of her existence was still gone. This girl, seems to have talent for espionage.

Felmina-chan was abandoned by her fiance, and after that I picked her up and reforged her, but instead of pure combat skills, I’m glad that I had her develop skills that seemed useful for espionage and intelligence gathering. Unlike a certain meido-sama from somewhere, she’s not at the level where you can lose sight of her when she’s right in front of you though, but she is able to make the sense of her existence quite thin. Clearly enough for her to fade from awareness and her existence to be forgotten. Normally that probably wouldn’t be enough to deceive the eyes of the members of this conference, but under the cover of the impact of the Demon King she erased the sense of her existence, so she wasn’t spotted by any key figures. Muhaha, this girl who I’ve tempered thoroughly, is superior to their ninja-kun.

That ninja-kun aka Kusama-kun, has gone off somewhere together with oni-kun. The two of them were pretty good friends, so I guess they’re renewing their old friendship or something. There is a sense that the Demon King will return soon, so I sent vampire girl, who was glowering at all the Divine Word Religion members, to go fetch them. If I’d let her remain as is, then it seems like the life span of the Divine Word Religion people would have reduced. The moment that vampire girl left the room, they were noticeably relieved after all.

Thus the current situation, with the scowling vampire girl having left, the Divine Word Religion members are now glancing towards me. What about Felmina-chan? With that beautiful “I’m air” technique, those glances are passing right over her splendidly. Umm. All these oji-sans are glancing at me. Somehow, I feel a bit uncomfortable.

The conference this time was, amazingly enough, a huge success. Somehow, it was managed entirely by the Demon King and moved along quickly. I just had to sit and stare vacantly. To think that that Demon King could be useful in such a place. Thinking that she was just some NEET, I feel cheated somehow. Thanks to her I was able to be at ease.

And yet, what’s with this situation? To be honest, I feel uncomfortable enough that I want to return home, but it’s not like I can return without the Demon King etc. Without my teleportation, it would be impossible for them to return to the demon territory from here. Which is why I gotta wait, but this waiting time is agonising. Demon King, oni-kun, vampire girl, come back quickly.

「Umm.」

They came! I knew it! As expected, the fact that they stayed behind meant that they’d definitely try to talk to me about something! Otherwise, they would have left their seats long ago after all.

The one who began to talk to me, was one of the younger members amongst the oji-sans. I guess he’s in his thirties? Because he introduced himself during the previous conference, I do more or less know his name and position. He’s one of the generals commanding an army.

「That puppet, what exactly is it?」

He asks while pointing at the puppet spider that is waiting behind me. Oh, this.

The puppet spider that the Demon King summoned, as indicated by the name of Puppet Taratekt, is a monster from the Taratekt family. With a puppet like outer shell wrapped around, the main body is a spider in the chest region the size of a fist. That spider, using the threads spread out through the interior of the puppet and able to move by pulling on the reeling threads, is the real part of this monster. The manipulated puppet is like the crust of the main body. Like the shell of the hermit crab.

This puppet spider, is actually under the Demon King’s control, and is the next strongest to the Queen Taratekt. The average status values are around 10,000. It’s beyond even the Arch Taratekt. On the occasion when I fought the Demon King before my apotheosis, ten of these were summoned at the same time and beat the crap out of me.

They might have been puppet spiders then, but in the past their form wasn’t so similar to humans. When I was beaten up, they had the outward appearance of something like a department store mannequin. However, because that’s not beautiful, I performed magical remodelling and that’s how it gained the current form. The exposed joints in the arms and legs have a coating over them so that you wouldn’t notice with a glance. The face is now built with fine details, remodelled to the extent that it can even blink, believe it or not. On top of that, with the vocal cords being reproduced it is an ambitious work that even has the ability to converse! Every home should have a puppet spider. Capable of doing domestic chores or real combat or whatever takes your fancy!

Actually, I feel that I overdid it a bit. Although there’s no change in status values, on top of it becoming far more human-like in appearance, because the joints are made to be able to move much more smoothly it’s now able to do detailed work. As a result, it’s become able to master things like cooking and sewing that it couldn’t do before. Scary. It has more femininity than an unskilled human girl.

「I am a variety of demon called a Puppet Taratekt. My name is Ael. In accordance with Ariel-sama’s order, I shall be under your care for a while. During that time, please feel free to use me however you wish. I look forwards to working with you.」

As seen, it can even respond perfectly! Even if I wasn’t here, it has the capability to judge when to make a self-introduction. Wonderful. Huh? Doesn’t this mean that there was genuinely no need for me to be here? I’m just the transport? The Divine Word Religion people’s interest is now towards the puppet spider Ael, and until the Demon King and co return, Felmina-chan and I both become air. In it’s own way, this is rather incomprehensible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 267: The current state of affairs of the reincarnators
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

267 – The current state of affairs of the reincarnators

「Shiro-san, can you spare some of your time?」

Immediately on returning home from the Divine Word Religion’s place, I was called out to by oni-kun. To be honest, since I still have work to do for the 10th Army that the Demon King forced onto me, I can’t say that I have much time really, but since oni-kun has an awfully serious expression on his face it seems that I better give priority to this. I had wanted to ask him about his real intentions anyway after he suddenly announced his participation in the war, so this might be convenient.

And so, I have Felmina-chan return first, pushing the work onto her. Do your best, Felmina-chan. Seeing Felmina-chan leave with a resentful expression, vampire girl looks on with an elated expression for some reason. Then, she follows after us for some reason as if it was completely natural. What does this girl want to do?

「So? Where are you going?」

And why are you also here as if it was obvious, Demon King? I was tempted to make a retort but it’s getting ridiculous so I decide to let it pass, but I’m just going to talk with oni-kun okay? It’s probably not going to be that interesting, okay?

So, for some reason we come to the Demon King’s room. Oni-kun had also showed a bewildered look as first, but on seeing my attitude of resignation, it seems he sensed something. After breathing out a sigh, he began to talk.

「First of all, here. This is information on the state of the reincarnators as determined by the Divine Word Religion. Kusama let me see it.」

While saying so, what he handed to me was a simple written memo. The contents were as oni-kun said, concisely written accounts of the current circumstances of the reincarnators as determined by the Divine Word Religion. Woah. To be honest, I might have taken the Divine Word Religion’s information gathering ability a bit lightly. This memo which has the names of all the classmates written on it, has almost perfectly accurate information within it.

Including sensei, the five enrolled at the human academy. The twelve at the elf village. The two living freely as adventurers. And, Kusama-kun. Vampire girl and oni-kun are also included. The only ones unidentified are the three dead. Since they’re dead they can’t be investigated, so I guess you could say that they’ve investigated almost everything that can be investigated?

As for Ogiwara-kun being a spy of the Divine Word Religion in the elf village, I pretty much knew that already, but it seems that they’ve gotten all sorts of information from there. Or rather, isn’t this information that mustn’t be revealed so easily? Kusama-kun, you were okay with handing this over to oni-kun? Well, it’s not something for me to worry about I guess.

I can comprehend them knowing about the internal conditions of the elf village, but to think that they even knew about the adventuring duo who were moving around. It’s formidable indeed, the Divine Word Religion’s intelligence network. It seems that Kusama-kun understood about oni-kun by seeing his face, and in vampire girl’s case there’s an annotation about who she probably is based upon a process of elimination. The reason why it’s merely a “probability”, is due to the exception of Ooshima-kun whose gender had changed, I guess. It’s not like there was no chance that vampire girl could have also been a reincarnator whose gender had changed after all. Well, normally they’d have been correct though.

「How does this compare to the information you’d gotten hold of, Shiro-san?」

Hrm. Oni-kun is attempting to search around for it, but come to think of it, I hadn’t told him much information about the other reincarnators had I. Not much more than saying that Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun were enrolled at a human academy, huh? There’s not really any problem with informing him, so okay.

I write out a few extra details on the memo, and return it to oni-kun. I’ve written all the information I know about the reincarnators. That being said, the only other significant information that I knew about, was that the three who the Divine Word Religion hadn’t identified were dead. On receiving the memo back, oni-kun scanned over the extra details, and afterwards closed his eyes for a short while. Perhaps he’s praying for the dead three to find happiness in the next world.

「Is this everything you know, Shiro-san?」

I nod. I’ve been monitoring the reincarnators by using my clones, so I also know about various everyday details, but reporting all that would take forever anyway. Just think of it as me having written almost all the important information. For example, Ooshima-kun being gender-bent.

「This information about Ooshima Kanata now being female – is it really true?」

Ah, so you’re going to ask about that after all? Well, yeah. Ooshima-kun and oni-kun were good friends, yeah. You’d be curious about it, yeah.

「He’s become a beautiful girl.」

Towards my indirect response, oni-kun makes a complicated expression. Even vampire girl, who hadn’t shown much concern for the reincarnators and hadn’t participated in the conversation, makes a “へ” expression with her mouth. Even as a joke good girls shouldn’t make such a face! But, it’s not like I don’t understand vampire girl’s feelings. Conversely, the Demon King’s eyes are sparkling for some reason.

「I see, I see-e.」

Oni-kun mutters that with his mind still in a mess. Yup. It seems that it’s just as well that I didn’t mention that recently Ooshima-kun is starting to become conscious of Yamada-kun little by little. He’s already shocked that his once male friend has become female before he knew it, so if he found out that she’s begun to fall in love with his other friend, it’d overload his mental capacity. I can vividly imagine a certain D from somewhere enjoying such a scene.

Vampire girl nonchalantly snatches the memo from the stricken oni-kun, and reads it with little apparent interest. It’s kinda like, “I’m not really interested but I guess I’m a reincarnator still so I’ll take a look at least”, I suppose. The proof, is that she returns it to oni-kun after only glancing at it for a short time. For vampire girl, being a reincarnator is nothing more than a minor detail of her past, so they probably feel like complete strangers to her.

The memo that vampire girl had returned, is snatched from oni-kun’s hands a second time. By the Demon King’s hands. The Demon King might have a bit of my soul mixed in, but since she’s a resident of this world I didn’t expect her to have much interest in the reincarnators though.

「Shiro-chan, are there any who could become a threat to the demons from your point of view?」

Ahh, so she’s interested in them from that perspective huh. If possible I want my fellow reincarnators to have peaceful lives, but I’m sure the Demon King won’t show any mercy if they seem to be hostile.

「Yamada Shunsuke, Ooshima Kanata, Natsume Kengo, Hasebe Yuika, Tagawa Kunihiko, Kushitani Asaka, Kusama Shinobu, and sensei.」

From my point of view, I named the ones who have greater strength than average for this world. All of them in the human academy are strong. With regards to the adventurer duo, considering their experience with real combat they might be stronger than the academy group. Maybe Kusama-kun as well. Oni-kun was startled when the names Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun came up. Well, mentioning those names here means that it’s possible that they might be targeted by the demons from now on, so that reaction should be expected. But, you don’t need to worry.

「Taking action is prohibited.」

I declare that to the Demon King. If she takes action against the reincarnators, particularly sensei, then I have no intention of overlooking it even if she is the Demon King.

「That depends on them of course.」

The Demon King has no intention of backing down either, from her response. Certainly, in the Demon King’s position, in a situation where the reincarnators become hostile, they would have to be dealt with no matter what, naturally. However, I have no intention of changing my position either.

I slightly open my eyes, putting power into them. Sensing my mood, the smile vanishes from the Demon King’s face and she takes on a serious look. A sense of tension permeates the room. Vampire girl and oni-kun gulp and hold their breath.

「Fine then. I won’t do anything to the reincarnators personally. However, if they become hostile to the army then they’ll have to be dealt with. Is that okay?」

The one who yielded, was the Demon King. I close my eyes, signalling agreement. With the tense atmosphere becoming relaxed, vampire girl and oni-kun start to breathe again.

If the Demon King takes action personally, them being reincarnators won’t make the slightest difference. Even the two here, vampire girl and oni-kun, would have no chance of beating the Demon King together. Even if vampire girl used the Envy skill, or oni-kun released the wrath skill, they wouldn’t match the Demon King I’m sure. With the other reincarnators falling far short of vampire girl and oni-kun, they wouldn’t be able to go against her even if they attacked all at once.

「If that happens then I will deal with them.」

I hope that won’t happen, but in the case where the reincarnators are hostile to the Demon King’s Army, the safest option is for me to take action. They might even inadvertently fall to the Demon King’s Army anyway. As if sensing my intention, oni-kun sighed in relief.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 268: That which is hidden
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

268 – That which is hidden

Now then, having explained the current situation of the reincarnators the conversation is over, or perhaps not. Rather, I see that oni-kun’s main question is something else.

I decided to wait until oni-kun brings up his main question. He’s currently talking with the Demon King, something or other about oni-kun being entrusted with the 8th Army, a rather turbulent flow of events. Yup, I can’t do anything about that, so do your best oni-kun.

While at it, the Demon King is also trying to induce vampire girl into the army with a friendly smile. Saying that she’ll pass on that, vampire girl declines clearly with a friendly smile in return. Though they’re both smiling I can somehow see a fierce argument between them. Too bad, but I’m planning to have vampire girl compulsorily transferred to the 10th Army as soon as she graduates, so I can’t allow her to be taken somewhere else. Well, I can just wait and see whether she’ll participate in the war or not for now.

「Shiro-san. There is something I want to confirm.」

While the invisible fierce argument is going on between vampire girl and the Demon King, finally oni-kun brings up his main question. It’s obvious to see that he’s tense with a sense of “I’ve made my resolution”. Certainly, with such a mood I must also deal with him seriously. In an obedient manner, though saying that it probably looks normal from oni-kun’s perspective, I nod.

「Shiro-san, I want you to reveal what you’ve been hiding.」

What an ambiguous question. However, I understand what it is that oni-kun is trying to say. Or rather, I’ve predicted it.

From oni-kun’s behaviour to date, I can tell that he is being cautious about me. Also, with him being able to properly understand me despite me being of so few words, to the extent of him being so good at conjecture that I want to ask if he’s an esper, I was sure he would also be capable of understanding the hidden meaning within my words. From there, it was clear from his behaviour during the first conference with the Divine Word Religion that he was convinced that I was being secretive. Because oni-kun, while discussing with the Divine Word Religion, was also trying to draw information out of me.

Oni-kun has noticed. That I’m being secretive. He probably has no idea what about. If he did then he’d really be an esper, so despite everything even oni-kun doesn’t know, probably. However, I’m sure he expects that it’s not something good. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so openly cautious and prepared for the worst while making this enquiry. And, his expectation isn’t wrong.

What to do. To talk about this, is to take a gamble. Upon learning, what choice will he make? I can’t predict that. Will he approve and become a cooperator, or instead will he object and become hostile, or otherwise will he look on as a spectator?

Whatever choice he makes, I will not condemn him. However, if he chooses to obstruct me, I have no intention of showing mercy. Even though that contradicts me telling the Demon King not to make a move on the reincarnators.

While thinking about this, it seems that my eyes have opened. Instead of with fluoroscopy, I directly look at oni-kun’s face with my eyes. That face is seriousness itself. Considering oni-kun’s accurate conjecture, I’m sure that he understands just how critical a question he is asking. Despite knowing, he still asks. Meaning that it’s not some superficial resolution. After all, it means that he’s prepared to confront me in the worst case scenario.

I will disclose what I’ve been hiding. That might result in him earning my displeasure. It’s not like oni-kun doesn’t realise that. In addition, to confront me, basically means the death of oni-kun. Despite knowing that, he still asks even so.

I too, better be prepared to make my resolve I guess.

I pull everyone here into another dimension. So that Kuro cannot hear. I cannot allow Kuro to hear what is going to be discussed now. The reason why I also brought vampire girl and the Demon King, is because if I’m going to tell oni-kun, then I thought I should also tell them at the same time. Particularly in the Demon King’s case, I would have to tell her soon enough anyway.

On suddenly being tossed into another dimension, oni-kun and the others were flustered and simultaneously extremely tense. I’m sorry to confuse them, but I want to get started already.

「The world is kept alive by the System. But, even so it is on the verge of death.」

While speaking, I put an opening into the other dimension, showing this planet from high above. Looking at this planet from space. At the other side.

Vampire girl and oni-kun gasp. There, the oceans are withered, and the land is covered in fissures across half the world.

Both in the human territories, and in the demon territories, only in those places are there no obstructions to abundant life. However, that’s limited to only those territories. If you take one step outside from there, then the land of this planet is completely barren. If you cross over the ocean, there is no ocean. The oceans are withered, and dry land spreads out. Even that land is covered in fissures, creating enormous valleys. Those rifts break into this planet. This broken form of a planet. The territories that can sustain life, are nothing but a small part kept alive by the System. For this planet which is in a state close to death, that is the limit of what the System can forcibly keep alive.

「Using the energy gathered by the System, restoration is performed on the planet. That is the main function of the System. However, in the current situation only enough energy is being collected to keep the System operational, and performing restoration is out of reach.」

In order to attack D, the majority of that energy was expended, and as a result the restoration of the planet was stopped. Vampire girl and oni-kun are looking at this scene with their breath taken away, but in actuality a considerable amount has been recovered. Based on sneaking a peek at the System logs, at the beginning, half the planet was literally broken. Broken and one step short of collapse. Since that period, it’s been recovered to the level of merely being fissures.

If a massive quantity of energy hadn’t been expended, complete recovery using the proper method should have been possible. Even so, that would likely have resulted in the souls of many people being unable to tolerate the strain and falling by the wayside. That couldn’t be helped. If the same soul is forcibly reincarnated too often, it’s inevitable for the soul to suffer abrasion. D also expected that to happen for sure. In the System, a facility was prepared in advance to shelter souls when they reached the limit. I activated that, and sheltered the souls of the people that oni-kun massacred. The sheltered souls will be rested for a while, and then reincarnated into this world. Although saying that, because a significant amount of time is needed to recover the damaged souls, in practice it’s better to think of them as having fallen by the wayside.

In the situation now with a massive quantity of energy having already being expended, we can’t anticipate complete recovery using the proper method. Saying it’s impossible, would be going too far, but at a minimum it would result in at least a quarter of the current population falling by the wayside. That’s the absolute minimum, and in the worst case it’s not impossible that they would be completely annihilated.

On top of all that, the soul of the Goddess, who functions as the core of the System, is worn out. Even now the Goddess’s soul suffers from considerable abrasion. As the Divine Word Religion determined, the Goddess does not have long to live. Currently, the Goddess is wasting away while keeping the System running after all.

If the Goddess’s life is exhausted, Kuro will succeed her position. Then, if my prediction is correct, Kuro will rapidly waste away, sacrificing all of himself to decisively restore the planet. For Kuro, watching over this world is for the Goddess’s sake. He won’t try to live in a world without the Goddess. Then, in order to save this world that the Goddess wanted to protect, he’ll die. To die in the same way as the Goddess, is probably the ultimate suicide method for Kuro. Then, with the two gods who serve as pillars sacrificing themselves, this world would be saved. With their souls dying out, they cannot even be reborn, imposing complete death upon them.

With my proposed method to destroy the System, using that energy to restore the world, the Goddess can be rescued without sacrificing her. However, with the Goddess already having exhausted herself to the extent that she cannot sustain her life, in the end she’ll only be able to return to the cycle of reincarnation. Her death cannot be averted. Still, complete extinction can be avoided.

However, that would be accompanied by sacrifices when the System is destroyed. For creatures with many skills, they would die from being unable to tolerate the shock the moment those skills are collected. In the worst case, their soul would also collapse. Because the System would be destroyed, it wouldn’t be possible to shelter their souls using the System either.

In short, with my proposed method, it means that many will be sacrificed in order to save the Goddess. If you object to that, then you have no option but to sacrifice the Goddess and Kuro. At the end of the day, those are the only two options.

I explain that without concealing anything.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 269: Their respective decisions
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

269 – Their respective decisions

「There really is no way other than those two options?」

「None.」

I immediately dismiss the hope in oni-kun’s question, that he asks in a trembling voice. This world already has one foot in the grave. It’s already impossible to resolve this perfectly without any sacrifices. That’s just how much a quagmire it’s become.

「Say, since we have lots of skills, doesn’t that mean we’ll also die?」

Vampire girl’s voice doesn’t tremble. However, since her pupils are lurching, I can tell that she’s in turmoil.

「I will expand the System’s soul sheltering functionality, improving it so that at least the reincarnators can be saved.」

It’s not yet completed though, but I’ll make sure to have it ready before destroying the System. Or rather, while it’s incomplete I intend to even postpone the destruction of the System, so there’s no need to worry.

「If that’s the case, then apply it to everyone in the world!」

「Impossible. A massive amount of surplus energy would be required for that.」

Basically, the amount of energy required would be equivalent to having another god sacrifice themselves. If we had that much spare energy, we could just pack it into the System and be done with it.

「After the System is destroyed, what will become of this world?」

「Who knows?」

I don’t care about that. The task that I was assigned, was to assist the Demon King. After the System is gone I have no intention of watching over the future of this world.

「I’m asking a serious question here, okay?」

「I gave a serious reply.」

As for what will happen to this world after the System is destroyed, that is up to the people of this world to decide, and is nothing to do with me. It’s fine if the humans and demons continue their strife. It’s also fine for them to work to revive the ruined hemisphere. Whatever they do is up to the residents of this world to decide. After that point, if another cataclysm occurs, there’d be no Goddess to save them next time though.

「Shiro-san, what will happen to those who die after the System is gone?」

「They’ll return to the normal cycle of reincarnation.」

While the System exists, the souls of those who die in this world, are simply reborn again in this world. However, that flow is something artificial. Normally, the dead go through the cycle of reincarnation, being reborn across all worlds. If the System goes away then things will just revert to that normal flow.

「Then, what if they die before the System is destroyed, and the System is destroyed before they are reborn?」

「In that situation they will also return to the cycle of reincarnation.」

The System is merely a temporary depository for souls. If it is gone, then they will all follow the laws of nature and return to the cycle of reincarnation. Trying to destroy the System obviously won’t destroy the souls it had gathered. However, for those who are alive when the System is destroyed, with the backlash from their skills being extracted, they may die and their souls may be destroyed. In short, contradictory it may be, but it’s safer to be dead than alive. Well, they’ll still be dead either way though.

「I see. They’re better off dead, huh.」

It seems that oni-kun has also understood that. And, has made his decision.

「I understand. Shiro-san, I will cooperate with you.」

Saying so, oni-kun holds out his hand. W, woah. This is, that, right? That handshake-like thing? It’d be odd not to accept, right?

I timidly extend my hand, then, a handshake. A rather strange feeling.

And, just when I’m feeling strangely embarrassed, vampire girl tears away oni-kun’s hand that is connected to mine. Then she firmly grasps my hand and shakes it up and down vigorously. What does this girl want?

I guess she was satisfied with shaking my hand for a while, as vampire girl lets go of my hand. Then for some reason she glares at oni-kun who snorted. I guess there’s some weird antagonism burning between them?

While I’m dumbfounded by this, next it was the Demon King who took my hand. Rather than the normal Demon King with her silly smile, her face is pointed at the ground.

「Shiro-chan.」

While grasping my hand, she calls out to me with a voice that seems about to vanish.

「Shiro-chan.」

When she whispered again, some water fell onto my hand. That drop of water, wasn’t just a single drop, and more fell onto our hands one by one.

「I’m sorry.」

What is the meaning of that apology?

「Thank you.」

What is the meaning of that gratitude?

The Demon King simply continued to sob.

All alone, the Demon King had continued to think about the Goddess.

She was neither god, nor human, nor demon.

She was weak.

Lacking the strength to save the Goddess.

She was strong.

All alone, she continued to hold to the Goddess’s ideals and watch over the world.

Her former comrades had already gone.

Even so, she continued her solitary battle.

Then, realising that the time of her death was approaching, she opposed the Goddess’s will for the first time.

Even though she opposed the Goddess’s will, it was for the sake of saving the Goddess.

I have seen her resolve and her wish. That only began when I devoured the soul of Mother, the Demon King’s subordinate, though that glimpse of her was only from the perspective of her follower. Even so, I was certainly able to see her true thoughts.

Personally, I don’t want to save the Goddess. To be honest, it’s better to say that I hate the Goddess herself. I find her methods to be nauseating. Whether or not I feel able to approve of her methods, I cannot like her.

However, I wanted to grant the Demon King’s wish. The wish of this weak yet strong girl. Like me, she doesn’t possess a cheat, and she truly was weak. Yet, she stayed alive, kept on struggling, this strong girl who kept her promise. I want her last moments to be glorious.

Demon King Ariel. Her soul has approached the limits. With the System, a part of the opponent’s soul is absorbed in the form of experience points. That distorts the soul itself, evolving it into an unnatural form. The Demon King’s soul, after such a long time, has amassed a lot of experience points. That is why the Demon King is so strong, but at the same time, her soul has been increasingly distorted. She couldn’t become a god. Her soul could not withstand becoming a god. It is only a matter of time before the Demon King’s soul collapses. That’s why, in order to accomplish a grand task in her last moments, she decided to become the Demon King.

At the beginning, I was doing all this because D forced me to. However, while I traveled together with the Demon King, she let me eat delicious food, and we chatted together. I’m not sure what I should call this emotion that welled up while doing so. I, out of respect for the Demon King’s purpose, want to grant her wish. Her wish to save the Goddess.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 270: Are we going to be okay with only this equipment?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

270 – Are we going to be okay with only this equipment?

After the second conference with the Divine Word Religion was completed, the days became so hectic that it made one feel dizzy. That’s because the 10th Army that the Demon King forced onto me hadn’t been managed properly. While the name has always been the 10th Army, in essence it was the private army of a regional lord, so naturally there was pretty much nothing there. Thus, it wasn’t any different to a newly established army. While it’s true that the capable people had already been headhunted by the other armies, the members were almost entirely new recruits anyway. A bunch of greenhorn soldiers who had only just graduated from the academy. Furthermore, since all the talented ones had been headhunted by the other armies, what was gathered was just a lackluster bunch. Furthermore, because of the other armies doing headhunting and so on, they had no real achievements either. Basically, I’ve been foisted with just the rejects. Having to turn this lot into a proper army, really seems like some kind of bad joke.

Therefore, I had to take these rotten soldiers, and go to work on raising them up into war-loving combat maniacs. In the reckless early days during camping at a training ground, there was an idiot who tried to sneak a visit to my bedroom, but after my sincere persuasion he had a change of heart. Nowadays he has become a proper and obedient soldier. It’s just your imagination that his eyes look like that of a dead fish.

Eh? There wasn’t anyone who tried to sneak into Felmina-chan’s bedroom, you ask? Take a guess. That girl has a weak presence. As the deputy commander, she should be at least as busy as me, but for some reason the soldiers don’t remember her face. The poor girl. Or rather, how the heck does Felmina-chan have a weaker presence than me when I’m using perception inhibition magic?

In practice, if Felmina-chan hadn’t been here, this army wouldn’t be functional, you know. She is making great efforts in many areas such as office work, training soldiers and replenishing supplies though. Yet despite that, why can’t the soldiers remember her face? It’s one of the Seven Wonders of the 10th Army. Incidentally, another one of those Seven Wonders is the figure of me sleeping for some reason, but I mustn’t mind it.

After about a year of this and that with the army and being so busy here and there, I didn’t have the spare time to be involved with anything else. I’ve left dealing with the elves to Argnar, left dealing with the Divine Word Religion to the Demon King, and so on. Well, it’s not like I need to do anything and everything by myself anyway, and both Argnar and the Demon King are capable so I’m not anxious. Not that the Demon King is actually doing much though. For exchanges with the Divine Word Religion, since the attack on the elf village hasn’t actually started yet there’s not much to do anyway. Before that can begin, the war with the humans has to be completed first.

While the development of my 10th Army is making good progress, there’s various replacements going on in the other armies. Firstly, oni-kun has been inaugurated as a commander. Oni-kun has become the commander of the 8th Army, which is similar to the 10th Army in that it’s mostly an army in name only. However, unlike mine it has proper personnel. The feudal lords who had a relationship with the elves were dealt with, and the soldiers they controlled were pulled together to form the 8th Army. Of course Argnar was involved in the elimination of the feudal lords with relationships with the elves, but so that the elves would not realise this, it was made so that oni-kun was the one who officially did it. Using that great achievement, he became a commander amongst all the fanfare. He got ahead in life faster than Mera.

Regarding Mera, he has officially become the 4th Army commander, taking over the Balto. It seems that Balto himself was cautious about Mera, but since there was nobody else with the ability to handle it, he vacated the position of army commander with an aching heart. Balto who was then free, was pushed into the command and administration of the army under direct control of the Demon King. Do your best Balto. Never give up Balto.

Then, there’s Kuro who was entrusted with the 9th Army. To be blunt though, the 9th Army is Kuro’s private army. Yup. With drakes and dragons. Maybe it was with his Administrator privileges, or maybe I just didn’t know that they could do it originally, but the personnel of the 9th Army are made up of drakes and dragons transformed into people. They’re not even demons. No matter how you look at it they’re stronger than the other armies, or rather, too strong. This is a bunch who must be used carefully. If my 10th Army fought with them, they’d be absolutely crushed. Or rather, even the weakest of them might be stronger than the top brass amongst the other armies.

The 1st to 3rd armies are armies of proper demons. The head of the 4th Army might be a vampire, but apart from him they’re a normal demon army. The 4th to 7th are also normal. The abnormal ones are the 8th and above. Well, I guess with this that’s the general sense of the armies. It’s a bit longer until vampire girl’s generation graduates from the academy, and once those graduates join the army and are properly integrated then the preparations will be complete. The number of personnel won’t increase anymore beyond that.

But, when I see all the personnel together, there’s one problem here. There’s not enough materials. Mainly weapons and armour.

Considering the current situation of the demons, the production of food has to be the highest priority. Although the population has declined, all the able people have been conscripted, so there’s insufficient people working in production activities. If most of them weren’t working in food production, then all the demons would be starving. Which has resulted in weapons and armour being unavoidably deprioritized. With us preparing for war it does make me wonder what’s going on.

So anyway, my army is the 10th Army. The 10th Army amongst the 10 armies. In short, the last one. We’re also last for the provisions of goods. Thus, we have nothing decent!

While Argnar is able to deploy his 1st Army with fine armours and swords, we’re getting nothing but secondhand goods or inferior goods. While Felmina-chan has been trying to arrange supply of something decent, no matter how excellent she is she’s still just an inexperienced young girl. She’s no match against the top brass. Even when I went to Balto personally to object, I was refused with him saying that they can’t provide what doesn’t exist. Since Balto is running around with heavy bags under his eyes, that likely indicates that it’s impossible.

I guess it can’t be helped that I’m asking for too much. Nonetheless, you can’t wage war without equipment. Since being born I’ve never actually used weapons though, but it would be far too cruel to tell the soldiers to fight barehanded. Which is why I’ve come to make a request of someone who can make what I need.

「So then, make them.」

「No no no. I’m too busy as well you know?」

To refuse my request, oni-kun, you’ve become considerably self-important haven’t you? As you might have guessed, the one I’m making a request to is oni-kun. With his unique skill, oni-kun is able to refine magic swords. Because it consumes MP it’s not like he can create them limitlessly, but it’s wonderful to be able to create without raw materials. I don’t need him to create anything fancy, I just want him to at least create some proper swords.

It would be great if I could even just headhunt the 8th Army personnel for the 10th Army, you know. In exchange I could even give my carefully made underwear (increased defence) to the 8th Army, you know. If you don’t do it I have no idea what I would do next, you know. So, as a result of persistent negotiations, oni-kun eventually accepted. With this we finally have some weapons.

I gave up on getting plate armour, so using my threads I created clothes for all the soldiers. To put it bluntly they have better defensive than full body armour anyway. Having them wear uniformly white clothes that cover the whole body, when the soldiers stand in line, they look like a gathering of some kind of dubious secret organisation. I’m not cutting corners by having them be white. It’s got nothing to do with adding colouring being a pain or anything like that. It’s not okay.

Thus, the 10th Army’s preparations were almost completed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 271: The Ominous 10th Army
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

271 – The Ominous 10th Army

「Say, goshujin-sama?」

Vampire girl’s lips are trembling, pointing at the 10th Army members who are standing to attention in front of us.

「What, are they?」

Even if you ask me what they are, they’re still the 10th Army though.

「Are my eyes mistaken I wonder? It seems to me that everyone has status values exceeding 1000 though?」

Ah, I see. I can’t use Appraisal anymore so I can’t see their status values etc. Still, 1000 huh. How weak. I thought I had trained them pretty vigorously, but if it’s like this they would even lose one-on-one against a higher ranked drake, huh.

「It’s strange, right? It’s because goshujin-sama’s standard is strange, right?」

「It’s pointless to use words like “standard” and so on with this person.」

To vampire girl’s exclamation, Felmina-chan replies while having eyes like that of a dead fish.

「What the, how did your status values reach around 2500?」

「Heh, heh-heh-heh……」

While vampire girl is in shock, Felmina-chan ignores it with nothing more than a dry laugh. As if guessing something, vampire girl stares at her with a look of pity.

Unlike vampire girl, I couldn’t train Felmina-chan since she was a child, so only this much progress could be made. Even so, she had more time to develop than the average soldier here, so she should be able to fight on a par with a higher ranked drake. Naturally, she’d be no match for a dragon though. Since they’re swaming with them over there, the 9th Army sure is unfair.

「Waldo, are you okay?」

「I’m fine. If it’s for you sake then I shall endure any kind of special training.」

For vampire girl’s reverse harem members, after her Charm was released, the only one who continued to stay with vampire girl like before was Waldo-kun. Since vampire girl was forcibly moved to the 10th Army, Waldo-kun came together with her as well. In addition, with several other graduates from vampire girl’s generation added, the 10th Army has reached the full quota. There will be no further increases until the war starts. Around the time the new recruits get used to the environment of the 10th Army, the preparations for war will truly begin. Saying it the other way, it means I have until then to train the new recruits. I can’t wait to get started!

So, while I was tormenting the 10th Army, a certain incident occurred at the human academy. Maybe it could be called an incident, or maybe something else. Yamada-kun acquired a Ruler skill. It would be a lie to say that I hadn’t expected this, but when he actually acquired it I was surprised. Of course, I shall be making full use of this. The hacking of the System will take a big step forwards with this. Afterwards, if I can do something about Potimas and the pope, I should be able to somehow scrape together the remaining Ruler skills.

Apart from that, there’s been no movement amongst the elves so far. Potimas’s clones are secretly doing things within Yamada-kun’s country, but I plan to use Natsume-kun to make a clean sweep of them later, so there’s no problem. At that time, I shall put imouto-chan to work in a major way.

The humans have at last realised that the demons are going to make a full-blown invasion, so they’re massing troops along the border. Amongst them, is a proper unit from the Divine Word Religion. It appears that the pope has chosen to fight. However, there’s no sign of any of the generals I saw during the conference, so I guess they’re reserving their important troops for the following war.

Which reminds me, I realise that I forgot to tell them to have the Hero participate in this war, but perhaps the Demon King skillfully talked to them about that, since he’s properly participating. The Hero Julius and his comrades have gathered at a fort. So that I can be certain to deal with the Hero, I spoke with the Demon King about having the 10th Army’s target destination be the fort the Hero is at. Naturally, this was easily accomplished. Since the 10th Army has always had fewer personnel than the other armies, they’ve been treated as a reserve corps anyway.

While the other armies were also still preparing for the invasion, the army commanders were called to the Demon King’s castle. It appears that the final conference is about to begin. Well, rather than calling it a conference, it’s just about getting the final confirmations, so it’s basically like a debriefing session I guess.

On entering the conference room, the other commanders were already gathered. When I entered Argnar briefly glanced at me, but showed no other reaction apart from that. Naturally the other commanders don’t know about my connection with him, let alone the Demon King. Mera had a similar reaction to Argnar. Oni-kun made a short bow. Kuro didn’t even glance at me.

The other commanders took their seats in silence. The boobian 2nd Army commander made suggestive glances towards the other commanders, and the idiot giant of the 3rd Army was cowering. Perhaps because the mock-samurai of the 5th army is a Demon King supremacist, he’s keeping an eye out for any commanders being unfavourable towards the Demon King. To put it bluntly, whether you do that or not the Demon King won’t be shaken either way so it’s just a meaningless action. The shota from the 6th Army appears to be composed, but I can tell that he’s nervous inside. The hoodlum of the 7th Army, is noticeably sullen.

The Demon King’s Army, is overly blessed with individuality. Though not a single one of them are talking, the room is noisy.

Even though I want to go back already, I settle down in the empty seat next to Kuro. The gazes from the boobian and the shota are painful.

The ones here who don’t know much about me are, the boobian, the idiot giant, the mock-samurai and the shota. In the meaning that he doesn’t know my true ability, the hoodlum is similar. Amongst the army, I know that there’s rumours that I’m like a tagalong of the Demon King, or that it might be a case of nepotism. Because of which there’s various doubts raised about my ability. As a result, the boobian and the shota are turning their inexpressible grudge from the Demon King and onto me you see. What a pain. There’s been harassment and so on towards the 10th Army, so to avoid that I had to conceal the activities of the 10th Army.

Perhaps it’s due to that, or perhaps it’s a byproduct, but for whatever reason there’s actually rumours going around that the 10th Army is a secret force that is conducting top secret missions for the Demon King. At first glance, we actually are extremely shady. Because our activities are even being hidden from Balto, that lent unnecessary extra credibility to the rumours. Also, because the hoodlum had the misunderstanding that I was an intelligence specialist, it seems that became a contributing factor. All we were doing was just some special training though, okay.

Hey, just when I was thinking back through the strange rumours drifting around the 10th Army, the Demon King enters. That instant, the mood in the room becomes even more tense.

「Then, I shall start the conference. Balto.」

「Yessir.」

With that exchange between the Demon King and Balto, the conference began.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 272: Dancing the conference
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

272 – Dancing the conference

Mr Argnar of the 1st Army reports. No delays or problems.

Ms Sanatoria of the 2nd Army reports. Tehehe, I’m scheming something. The pattern of having some kind of strategy. Well, whether that strategy is a success or a failure it won’t have a big influence. I guess it’s fine to leave it to chance.

Mr Kogou of the 3rd Army reports. I don’t wanna fight. Stop messing about, snaps Miss Demon King.

Mr Merazofis of the 4th Army reports. Balto-san, please don’t worry. Mera, while you’re saying something or the other, to think you’re worried about the state of your former boss, huh. I’m moved to tears. Yet, it’s the pattern where the former boss thinks that his former subordinate is a weird guy.

Mr Darado of the 5th Army reports. Maou-sama! I shall try my hardest! Ah, yes, yes, do what you can.

Mr Hyuui of the 6th Army reports. I’ll do my best so please don’t kill me, really, truly. He’s seriously nervous about the Demon King. It seems that the spectacle of the Demon King chewing on the boobian’s arm some time ago became a major trauma for him.

Mr Blow of the 7th Army reports. You being the Demon King is some kind of joke, hey! It seems that he’s livid over the overly cruel working conditions of his brother Balto. Yup, feel free to snap. When all’s said and done, while Balto is in the midst of working himself to the bone, the Demon King is just idling around after all. That being said, this isn’t the place to snap though. Read the mood.

The mock-samurai of 5th army and the hoodlum start an argument, then there’s a little incident where the Demon King stops them. Can I go somewhere else already please. I want to return soon and eat delicious food.

I meet oni-kun’s eyes. It seems that oni-kin is also fed up with this arguing back and forth, and he shrugs his shoulders.

That oni-kun reports. No problems. That’s a bit brief, hey.

After I spoke about the things I was hiding, perhaps oni-kun had various kinds of breakthroughs as he became highly active. In using the 8th Army to clean up the surroundings, that is. Various kinds of small scale armed human groups, such as bandits or adventurers, that entered the demon territories were relentlessly disposed of. When doing so, he showed no mercy at all. It was wholesale slaughter. With those excessively cruel actions, it resulted in even his own side becoming afraid of him. All the more so because he treated his soldiers like disposable pawns. It seems that even Balto saw him as a problem. From oni-kun’s point of view, he probably saw it as a form of mercy towards his opponents though, but there’s almost certainly nobody who understood that.

The conference continues, and Mr Kuro of the 9th Army reports. No problems. Yup, if a problem occurred within your army, it would be a global scale crisis after all. If dragons and drakes, and the god commanding them, had a problem that they couldn’t deal with it would be worrying wouldn’t it?

「Then, the report of the 10th Army.」

Whoops! Damn, that means it’s my turn doesn’t it. Calm down, me. It’s alright, me. It’s just a few words, me.

「The 10th Army, no problems.」

Yay! I’ve said it all! I’ve now completed everything that I need to do here! Nobody is going to raise any subject that needs me to respond now, right?

Perhaps my wish was granted, as the conference ended soon afterwards. All that’s needed now is to advance, so I guess it was determined that it was fine for all the commanders to return and give their respective orders? In that regard, it’s nice and smooth compared to modern day Japan with all those excessive meetings eh.

After the conference ended, Kuro left immediately. It was decided that Kuro’s 9th Army would mobilise together with the Demon King’s own directly attached army. Or rather, if they weren’t kept in reserve, it would be bad for the humans. If the war capabilities are too lopsided, the damage to both sides won’t be even. The 9th Army is basically a secret weapon!

「Shiro-san.」

Oni-kun and Mera approach me. Once the war begins we won’t be able to meet so readily anymore, so I guess this is a final greeting. I doubt that oni-kun would die though, and actually even Mera is strong enough to be able to battle a lower ranked dragon by himself so he probably wouldn’t die either, so this isn’t likely to be our final greeting in life.

「Hey, you got business with her?」

The hoodlum blocks the way of oni-kun and Mera. Why?

「She’s about to have a discussion with me now regarding the march. If you don’t have any business with her then don’t take up her time.」

Say what? Isn’t that news to me? Ah, is that why he said “about to” huh. Rather, what’s there to actually talk about? The general outline should have been prepared already by Felmina-chan though.

「Surely just a greeting is fine?」

「Then, you’re already done, right?」

Hoodlum rudely reacts to oni-kun. Why is this guy like this, always stirring up trouble around me. I wish he’d give it a rest.

「There’s not even time for a brief chat huh? My goodness. The 7th Army has surprisingly little leeway in its actions then.」

With those contemptuous seeming words, oni-kun laughs scornfully. The hoodlum grits his teeth to hold in his temper, while Mera restrains oni-kun who seems about to provoke things further.

「Shiro-san, there’s a nuisance here so I guess that’s enough for today.」

「Please take care of ojou-sama.」

While leaving, oni-kun moved to whisper into the hoodlum’s ear, saying “by disregarding the person’s feelings like that, do you think she would ever actually notice you?”…. That was quite acrimonious for oni-kun.

「Let’s go!」

The hoodlum angrily stomps off without even getting my acknowledgement. I don’t know why he doesn’t realise that such selfish actions are why he’s unpopular. My appreciation for him is only dropping further you know.

The discussion afterwards regarding this and that about the march, was a surprisingly proper consultation. When it comes to work it seems that he’s able to be properly focused about it. Well, he’s the younger brother of that Balto, so I guess this much is to be expected.

As a result of the discussion, the 7th Army will be at the forefront and the 10th Army will be responsible for making raids. The hoodlum seems to have decided that the 10th Army doesn’t have proper soldiers, and has mistaken them for special forces who work behind the scenes or something. Well, it’s fine though. Until the Hero appears, I guess I’ll just take the opportunity to relax at the rear then.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sit-kuni: The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Tagawa Kunihiko
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Tagawa Kunihiko

Author’s note: The point of view of reincarnator Tagawa Kunihiko. If you’re wondering who this guy is, you might recall him appearing in the elf village timeframe, hopefully.

I had thought that I was in luck. To be reborn in another world, like that from a light novel. Not only that, but beside me is the girl who was also my childhood friend in the previous world. I even have a cheat-like ability. Hey, isn’t this an easy win in life – is what I had thought.

It’s not like I hated the previous world. However, I definitely had the feeling that something was lacking. I wanted more excitement. I wanted to go on an adventure like in a movie or light novel. When that wish came true in practice, what I felt was more of a sense of expectation rather than a sense of loss. I’m aware that I’m not normal anyway, and compared to Asaka who was in the same situation as me, I couldn’t be normal like her and weep for some time. I was fortunate to be unable to think of the environment I was born into as being suspect.

Asaka and I were born in the same mercenary group, at the same time. Mysteriously enough, the instant I saw Asaka, even though her appearance was completely different, I could tell that she was Asaka. It seems that was the same for Asaka too, so I thought that it must be fate.

Asaka and I in the previous world, were just childhood friends. It’s not like we were dating or anything, it just that we hung out together whether we liked it or not. However, somehow or other, I vaguely figured that in future we’d probably get together. While it seems that Asaka also felt that way, it felt like it would take a bit more time until we would become intimate. Then, because we went through the unbelieveable experience of actually being reincarnated in another world, the sense of distance between us instantly changed. I think that after we were reincarnated in another world our relationship changed to one where we both depended upon each other.

Asaka was afraid that she would probably lose sight of herself if I wasn’t there. And if I hadn’t had Asaka, then after being thrown into a strange and different world all alone, I doubt I would have been able to say optimistic things like “adventure time!” and stuff.

As for the mercenary group we were born into, they set up a village close to the border with the demons, and made a living by repulsing demons who invaded, or conversely to invade the demon territory to attack demons. To put it in a positive way, they were a defense force that protected the humans from demon invasions. To put in a negative way, they were a bandit group that repeatedly pillaged the demons. That’s the type of bunch they were.

Asaka was disgusted by such a village, and was fully determined to leave the village once she grew up. I was also in favour of leaving the village, as I had the desire to become an adventurer and travel the world. In order to build up my strength a little, I was taught how to fight from the other mercenaries starting with my father.

However, it turned out that Asaka and I would leave the village far earlier than we had assumed. Because the village was no longer there.

I will surely never forget what happened then. The troop of demons who attacked us. The familiar mercenaries who opposed them. Both my father and Asaka’s father were amongst them. Those lives were taken, all too easily, all too quickly, as if they were mere bugs being crushed.

「Merazofis! Are there no survivors remaining?」

「Yeah. Let’s go back.」

Despite that, when I had challenged him and got beaten in return, he overlooked me who had been reduced to a tattered heap on the ground. He even went so far as to conceal us from his fellow demons. Asaka and I, survived due to his pity.

「At last.」

Countless demons. With both humans and demons fighting while jumbled together on this battlefield, I am participating as adventurer. I wonder just how much time has passed since the battle began – while fighting constantly, even my sense of time is missed up. After killing 10s, 100s of demons, and breaking through, I finally caught sight of that figure. That figure that I couldn’t forget even if I wanted to.

「I never expected you’d be a big shot demon commander.」

There was only one demon from back then that I had any awareness of. However, I could clearly remember his name and face. It then appeared in the intelligence that the scouts brought back while risking their lives, the name of that demon commander. I was delighted when that name matched the one in my memory.

「I shall claim my vengeance!」

And so, I challenged Merazofis, that demon commander.

After I lost the village I was born and raised in to a demon raid, Asaka and I made a living as adventurers, travelling to many different places. At first there were many things that went badly. Since Asaka and I are reincarnators, we might be more mature than the average kid, but that was only on the inside. With us looking like children, we were always treated as children. The adults took the profitable jobs, and due to the rules we could only get minor work such as gathering medicinal herbs or capturing small animals. If Asaka hadn’t been able to improve our evaluation so reliably and steadily, I might have given up in a sulk. Asaka dragged me into stability orientated jobs that I had no enthusiasm for, without thought to gaining ranks. When I think of those days, I was no match for her.

Eventually we were able to conduct monster subjugations, and from there things sped up. By defeating monsters experience points can be gained. By gaining enough experience points your level rises, and you can then fight with stronger monsters. Once that happens, you can take on a wider range of requests. Our fame quickly spread, and we were able to obtain the abilities of first-class adventurers at such a young age. To be frank, Asaka and I are already outstandingly strong amongst the humans. Even compared to our S rank seniors, Asaka and I are surely stronger. That’s why, we participated in this war with the demons. In order to avenge our village. Since even against demons, I was certain that we couldn’t lose.

And yet, is this some kind of joke?

「Huff! Huff! Hah!」

I can’t even manage my breathing. If I foolishly tried to take a rest, this guy wouldn’t miss that opportunity.

I guard against the approaching sword with my blade. As for the magic that flew at me at the same time, Asaka shot it down for me. That was dangerous. If not for Asaka’s support just now I would have taken that completely. I want to give Asaka my thanks, but I have no time to spare. All I can manage to do is to prepare for the next strike.

This demon called Merazofis, is outrageously strong. In swords, in magic, in precision. Instead of having some simple strong point, everything is at a high level. By sticking to the basics, he’s as good as flawless. Asaka and I together, are purely defending.

How pathetic. Why the heck was I saying that we couldn’t lose even against demons. I want to go back to before the battle and punch the me who dared to think that we might be fortunate enough to get revenge in person. Against a monster like this, nobody else would even stand a chance.

That’s right. The only ones who can handle him, are Asaka and I alone. Precisely because Asaka and I have been able to hold back this guy, the humans are winning this battle. However, if he wasn’t held up, this guy alone could turn the tide of battle. Like how Asaka and I together were routing the demons and raided the demon headquarters, this guy alone could trample down the humans. Thinking that, gives me another reason not to lose.

I can’t hear any sounds from the battlefield despite how noisy it should be. Due to concentrating to the limit, it seems that I’ve shut out all sounds from the surroundings. Even with the surroundings seeming to be in slow motion, Merazofis’s movements are still fast. Despite having my thoughts accelerated, I still can’t keep up with Merazofis’s movements. I can just barely follow him with my eyes. Saying it another way, because I can follow with my eyes, I can still fight. If I couldn’t follow him with my eyes either, then it would be completely hopeless. However, that will be the situation before long.

The accumulated fatigue is dulling my movements. Glancing at Asaka, I can tell that she’s about as exhausted as me. The dropoff in my movements, is slight. However, even that slight amount, could be fatal against this guy. I’m bleakly fighting while wondering when my head will be sent flying off after all.

I desperately strike with my blade. Asaka’s magic is easily repelled, and a follow-up strike heads towards me. At the same time, the ground shakes, and my exhausted legs buckle and I fall. Fortunately, the tip of his blade passes before my eyes as I fall onto my backside. If I had still been standing, I would surely have been cut. However, that’s as far as my luck goes. Right now, I’m defenselessly sitting on my backside after all.

As I get up in a panic, there’s no pursuit. When I look, Merazofis is standing still. Ignoring us, he is gazing over the battlefield. There, I notice for the first time that the demon forces are in tatters.

「I guess this is an opportunity.」

He idly mutters that.

「Retreat!」

Followed by, a shout.

We have no scope to chase after that adept retreat. Since rather than us overlooking him, it was him who was overlooking us. Again, Asaka and I, were overlooked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter kushit-orel: 【Kushitani Asaka】
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

【Kushitani Asaka】

Kunihiko insists on claiming vengeance for the village. For the stupidly impulsive Kunihiko, every time he encounters a failure, he thinks that he should overcome it, it seems. To put it in a positive way, he’s hot-blooded. To put in a negative way, he’s an idiot. However, I was saved by just such an idiot.

To think I would experience reincarnation. I have no real idea why such a thing happened. According to Kunihiko, reincarnating in another world is commonplace in light novels, but experiencing such a thing for real feels like it would be a nightmare or something. However, when I became a baby in a strange world before I realised it, I had to abandon such thoughts. I can’t express in words just how confused I was back then. Incidentally, the fact that the nearby Kunihiko entirely witnessed the scene of me bawling my eyes out, is a painful memory that could easily kill me. Even still, the fact that Kunihiko was there besides me experiencing the same circumstances, provided emotional support.

The village Kunihiko and I were born in, was that of a bunch of robbers who were mercenaries in name only. Like the Mongolian nomads, they lived in tents, travelling around the border with the demons, who they hunted. Then, they would attack the demons they found and escape with their belongings, also reporting about them to the government to receive a reward. Legal robbers, basically.

I wanted to leave such a village as soon as possible. After that, I wanted to live normally. Kunihiko wanted to go on adventures, but for me normal is best. I wanted to go to some safe country, and settle down there.

All that changed, with the raid by the demons. At that time, I was saved by Kunihiko. Speaking only of the result, we were simply overlooked by the demon called Merazofis, but I will never forget the gallant figure of Kunihiko as he protected me and challenged that demon. It was probably at that time, that I made up my mind. To always be together with this guy.

That’s why, even though we became homeless children afterwards and had to wander around various places, even when we became successful adventurers, even though we had to do risky stuff like fighting with monsters, I stayed with Kunihiko. Even coming to this battlefield.

「Again, we were overlooked huh.」

「It seems so.」

It took everything I had to not sink to the ground. That’s just how constantly bloodcurdling that fight until just now was.

The demon commander Merazofis. The male demon who destroyed our village. He was, far stronger that we could possibly have imagined.

Kunihiko and I, are extremely strong for humans. Kunihiko might say that because we were reincarnators we had our growth rate adjusted as a cheat ability, but that could be unexpectedly correct. That’s just how strong Kunihiko and I are.

However, Merazofis was even further above us. Kunihiko and I, even with the two of us taking him on together we unable to do anything at all. No, I should say the three of us, huh.

I stare at the distant fort. If I could have activated Clairvoyance, I would have seen the form of a woman standing there who was in the same state of total exhaustion. I didn’t even know her name, but she had continuously provided us with covering fire from that fort. I think her magic skills are incredible. From such a distance place, she carried out precision sniping on the rapidly moving Merazofis after all. I could never manage that.

At the end, the reason Merazofis decided to retreat, was because she used great magic to strike a major blow against the demons. The tremor from which caused Kunihiko to fall on his backside, making me panic though. Rather than defeat Merazofis, I think her strategy to tilt the state of the battle in the humans’ favour and make them retreat was successful.

Then, in the opening when Merazofis was distracted for a moment on seeing the battlefield, she shot him through the heart. Immediately after activating great magic on a big enough scale to completely change the progress of the battle, she still had enough power to shoot through that Merazofis’s magic defence. There’s still much that I don’t know about this world, but there’s some amazing people out there. That includes Merazofis, who despite being shot through the heart, carried out the retreat without even a change of expression on his face.

I doubt that could kill him. Despite being shot through the heart, for him to look as if nothing had happened, makes me wonder if he’s really a normal living being. He was a genuine monster. If that unknown magician hadn’t aided us, I doubt whether Kunihiko or I could have survived. Realising that, I belatedly feel a sense of terror rising. While breathing out a sigh, I left the battlefield.

【Orel】

Dat was seriously dangerous. Da heck was dat monster? I never heard there was a demon like dat though. Or rather, I’m seriously grateful to those two youngsters for being able to pin it down. If those two hadn’t been able to pin it down, who knows what’ve happened.

「Vice Captain Orel, it’s troubling if you disregard my instructions and act on your own.」

Argh, da noisy one is here.

「Sowwy.」

「What’s with that tone? I’m always telling you, right? That as the Vice Captain of my glorious squad, you can’t just expose yourself as a bumpkin with that stupid tone.」

Da captain’s scolding goes in one ear and other da other. Argh, what a pain. Why do I havta get these lectures from my superior on such a battlefield I wonder. I bet dat dis guy just don’t get how seriously bad dat monster was. He just doesn’t get it dat if not for me and those two adventurers pinning it down, we’d have been da losers here. Instead he was grumbling da whole time about preparing the great magic already while next to me. In da end I let loose with great magic as he wanted, didn’t I? Dat should be more dan enough. I’m totally worn out from da great magic on top of da long distance sniping you know? I’ve done far more work dan you just with following orders.

Argh, I want to go back to teacher. If it was teacher den he’d be far more understanding. He’d be asking for far more unreasonable things instead though.

In da first place, why do I gotta be standing on da battlefield anyway? I’m da second daughter of a poor noble, so I thought I would be trying to catch a suitable fiance, then live in peace. Catching teacher’s eye was the end of my luck. I was called out by da royal magician before I could recover from total shock. You never know what life can bring.

「Are you listening!?」

「Yeah yeah.」

I’m not listening. Sigh. What’s teacher been doing anyway? Blowing the heads off da top brass of the demons.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sit-mera: The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Merazofis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Merazofis

The man known as Merazofis is an ordinary person. Though his subordinates amongst the demons would surely laugh in disbelief if they heard that. Who could possibly call a man with enough strength to single-handedly overturn the course of battle “ordinary” of all things? Even still, he was undoubtedly an ordinary person. He was merely an ordinary person who had experienced an extraordinary life.

He has no special talent. No matter what he did he was average. Saying it the other way around, he could do everything to an average level. To put it in a positive way, he could do anything. To put it in a negative way, a jack of all trades and master of none. With that versatility that allowed him to be average at everything, he acquired various skills.

The sequence of events that led him to being like that, relates to his childhood. He came from a family that had served a certain noble house for generations. Naturally, it was decided that he would also serve that noble house. There, he had a fateful encounter.

It was with the young lady of that noble house. For her and Merazofis, they did not start out their relationship as master and servant, but growing up as childhood friends. During that stage, he held faint feelings of love towards the young lady. However, that was an impossible love. Since she was a child she had a fiancee, and on top of that she and her fiance were in love with each other. There was no room for him between them. He didn’t even think of coming between them. For him, so long as the person he loved was happy then he was content.

So that he could aid her, Merazofis continued to improve himself. Whenever he had time he would indiscriminately improve his skills in anything that seemed useful, making an effort to study. That work was recognised, and he was even trusted by her fiance. Thus, when she married into her fiance’s house, he went with her.

Her fiance was aware of Merazofis’s feelings. Precisely because he knew, he trusted Merazofis. Because he was confident that Merazofis would never make her sad. Between the two men who loved the same woman, perhaps there was some kind of understanding.

Precisely because of that, he was entrusted with their beloved daughter. It was already too late. Between the woman he loved, and her husband, there was nowhere to escape. Physically and mentally, he was trapped. That daugher, was entrusted to the highly dependable Merazofis.

Merazofis, accepted those feelings. Even if he couldn’t protect his beloved woman, even while enduring his own powerlessness, he would still protect that woman’s daughter, he steadfastly vowed.

Even that vow, was soon crushed.

He wasn’t able to do anything. Without being able to do anything, the end result was that he gained power from the one he should have been protecting. Even after throwing away his humanity, he was still overwhelmed by his powerlessness.

After the occasion when he was hopelessly beaten down by the bandits, he never failed to practice swinging a sword every morning. That would never make him dramatically stronger. Even still, wanting to reform his powerless self even a little bit, so that the next time he would be able to protect them, he put all his soul into continuing to swing.

Even all that effort, never bore fruit in the end. No matter how he struggled, Merazofis was an ordinary person. He wasn’t at all suited for fighting right from the very start, so waving a sword around when he had no talent, wouldn’t be enough for him to protect anything.

And yet, he didn’t die. Once again, he was saved by a certain spider. Or perhaps in a way, he had already died at that time. He had lost his precious and beloved sweetheart.

Afterwards, his life was spent protecting the child of the woman he loved. To watch over her development, to be beside her.

However, Merazofis’s ojou-sama, was no ordinary person. A reincarnator, and not even human – a vampire progenitor. Merazofis himself, became a vampire as well due to that ojou-sama.

Compared to the normal humans of this world, reincarnators have more ways in which to increase their status values and skills. In addition, the ojou-sama was forced to go on a rigorous journey when she was an infant, forcing her status values to grow. The time when status values grow the fastest, is during infancy. The growth rate of those values falls together with overall growth rates as one reaches adulthood. During her infancy the ojou-sama was put through a harsh environment that would normally be unthinkable, that could even be called abuse, resulting in her status values growing at a rate that vastly exceeded those even of her fellow reincarnators.

Merazofis’s status values, who was put through the same environment, also grew at a slower rate than the ojou-sama’s. The cause was due to him being a person of this world, and one who had already reached adulthood. Due to him being reborn as a vampire, his status values grew faster than when he was a human, but from the perspective of the irregular ojou-sama, even that was more like a minor blip in the measurements. Eventually, Merazofis became weaker than even the ojou-sama he was supposed to protect.

Even so, what Merazofis needed to do did not change. When they were separated by the Demon King so that they wouldn’t become too dependent upon each other, his thoughts were focused on the ojou-sama. To protect the ojou-sama, nothing more.

Therefore, he needed to be strong. The ojou-sama already possessed a strength that he could never reach. While that might be true, that in no way implied that it was unnecessary for him to become strong. At the very least, he needed to be strong enough so that he wouldn’t hold the ojou-sama back.

And thus Merazofis never failed to train himself every day. That training was so harsh in practice, that it would make an average person doubt their own eyes. Enough that for an average person, either they would quickly damage their own health or harm their own mind. What allowed him to do that, was the experiences from the harsh journey along the way to the demon territories. The aberrant training conducted by an aberrant spider. Using the skills that he had gained while training during that journey to the full, Merazofis continued to put himself through hellish personal training. Without himself realising it, he had strayed from common sense.

By using the Abnormal Condition Nullity skill, he no longer needed to sleep. By using the automatic recovery of HP and MP he didn’t spare himself from even damaging his body. When he damaged it he took joy from being able to raise his Treatment Magic skill level. Even in the midst of work he would devote himself to strengthening skills that would make no sense to others, like Magic Manipulation and Fighting Spirit.

Eventually, Merazofis’s average status values had risen as far as 5000. Such values were more than enough to be on par with a low ranked dragon, a level of strength that would be more than sufficient for this world. But even that did not satisfy him. Because the ojou-sama had about triple that.

「Report to Balto-sama.」

「Yessir!」

Merazofis sent a subordinate to report on the defeat. Even for Merazofis as an individual, considering the overall battlefield, this battle was a defeat.

The circumstances were bad. Having to fight two reincarnators, with support from a human mage of the highest class. On top of facing the three of them, it was a clear day with bright sunshine.

There was no way he could kill the reincarnators. While being weakened by the sunlight, he had to fight his opponents without killing them. That was quite a difficult order to make of an ordinary person with no talent for battle. Therefore, despite having an advantage in status values over his opponents, the fight dragged out, and he couldn’t even assist with the worsening condition of the battlefield.

It is certainly true that both reincarnators were strong. Merazofis also retained the Appraisal skill. That was the spider’s policy, and because of its usefulness he also kept it up for many months and years, slowly raising the level. The status values of the reincarnators as seen with Appraisal, were in the top ranked drake class. Considering their skills, it was even conceivable that they could reach bottom ranked dragons. The boy was physically orientated and had average status values of about 2500. The girl was more magically orientated, but like the boy had average status values of about 2500. Status values don’t simply add up together, but those two combined had values about equal to Merazofis.

In addition, there was supporting magic being fired. Appraisal couldn’t be used because of the distance, but Merazofis estimated that the magic offensive ability was probably at least 2000.

For humans, the line that determines whether they’re top class or not is having a status of 1000. Having to face three opponents with well over that, it can be understood why Merazofis was having a hard fight. Actually, before Merazofis became their opponent, the two reincarnators were routing the demon troops, and the mage was using great magic to cause massive damage. Without being able to rally the troops from the damage those three had caused, losing the battle could be considered good enough.

「Commander, you are injured.」

「It’s just a scratch.」

Merazofis’s chest had been pierced. Due to carelessness at the very end, he was sniped. But, as he himself said, after penetrating the armour, the damage to the body itself was nothing more than a scratch. Merazofis’s magical defence ability was roughly 5000. Even when suffering a direct hit from that magic, it only pierced the skin, and didn’t even reach his heart. Then again, even if it had reached his heart, that probably wouldn’t have been enough to defeat Merazofis.

「I still have a long way to go.」

As for his muttering, his subordinates ignored it with a faraway look.

The man known as Merazofis is an ordinary person. He did not have a single outstanding talent. However, if there is one talent he could be said to posses, that was the talent to endure. The talent of hard work was not enough. Having surpassed the likes of hard work by reaching hell, that’s what he has now. Who on earth would keep on deliberately tormenting himself until on the brink of death every day? To say that someone who would do that as having the talent of hard work seems somewhat insufficient.

As an example of that, there is a certain skill he has recently obtained. The skill called “Patience”.

The man known as Merazofis is an ordinary person. However, it is not always the case than an ordinary person stays ordinary, as seen in his story.

Reference data from the time of the elf village war:

Shun: average status values of 3000

Katia: average status values of 1800

Sensei: status values of 1500 in magic types, 500 in physical types.

Kunihiko and Asaka would be stronger than Shun if he didn’t have the Hero title. Because sensei put her effort into searching for the students rather than combat, she was in fact surpassed by Shun and Katia.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter situ-rona: Before The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Ronant
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Before The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Ronant

Author’s note: Ronant’s point of view, shortly before the war.

「Long time no see.」

「It has indeed been a long time, teacher.」

I meet with Apprentice No.1, the Hero Julius, for the first time in a while. It’s been many years since I’ve seen him in person. Because of interference from the Divine Word Religion, I can’t even meet with him properly. Really, it’s so frustrating.

「I’m glad to see you’re doing well.」

「Likewise, teacher. You are already an elder, yet here you are still on active service and full of spirit.」

「Who do you think I am? I’ll be blasting away on active service until I die.」

「Sounds like you, teacher.」

Apprentice No.1 gives a refined smile. When I was taking care of him, there was still some innocence left in him, but he’s already become a fully-fledged adult now.

「Julius… oh, Ronant-sama, when did you arrive here?」

The one who entered without even knocking, was called Hyrinth or something I think? He’s one of Apprentice No.1 friends-cum-comrades.

「Just now.」

「He suddenly teleported in. I’ve told him so many times not to shock me so much by doing that though.」

「You still have a long way to go if you can’t even perceive the teleportation omen.」

I ignore Apprentice No.1’s complaint. If I don’t meet in secret like this, then the Divine Word Religion gets annoying.

「You are the same as ever.」

The Hyrinth brat sighs, but I at least adhere to the minimum standards of decency.

「So? Teacher and Hyrinth both, what is your reason for coming to visit me?」

「Hrm. The Hyrinth brat has an urgent matter so he can go first.」

My matter is nothing important. Just some meddling. So I can just put it off.

「Brat huh. Well, I guess I might be a brat from Ronant-sama’s perspective.」

「What’s wrong with calling a brat a brat? If you want to object then you can start by trying to defeat me.」

「Please forgive me.」

After a bitter laugh, the brat suddenly puts on a serious expression.

「Ronant-sama. What I’m about to discuss is a military secret.」

「Sure, I got it. I promise not to disclose anything about what’s happening here.」

The brat would have preferred it if I stepped outside I’m sure, but he’s already given up on getting me to leave. We don’t know each other that well, but he understands at least that much about me. Sure enough, he begins the report with a resigned expression.

「Scouting units failed to return on schedule. It’s probably better to consider them to be wiped out.」

With the brat’s report, Apprentice No.1’s expression turns mournful. The units deployed here on what should be called the front lines of the humans, are different to the units you’d find elsewhere. The elite amongst the elite. Even such a scouting unit, failed to return without reporting anything. That signifies just how dangerous the opponents are.

「Hmm. How many of the units failed to return?」

「All of them.」

Oh my goodness. That’s much worse than expected.

Before a major battle like this one, a scout unit will split into several teams when attempting to gather intelligence. Even if one team is discovered and annihilated, other teams should still be able to bring back intelligence. However, this time all the teams failed to return. What that likely means, is that the searching ability of the opponents exceeded the stealth ability of the scouts, and on top of that they were strong enough to speedily wipe out the scouts. In addition, it also means that there were enough enemies to launch a simultaneous attack on the dispersed scout units.

It is natural for scout units to keep in contact with their companions. If any unit encounters something abnormal, they should be trained to all retreat promptly. The fact that they weren’t able to do that, likely means that they were attacked simultaneously.

The ability to find and locate the scout units. The ability to annihilate the scout units in combat. For the enemy forces to be able to do that, it means that they must have at least as many members as the scout unit.

「It seems that it will be a harsh battle.」

Apprentice No.1 says that in a subdued voice. He’s probably thinking about the members of the scout unit who became sacrifices, or some such.

「Apprentice No.1」

I better scold this foolish apprentice, so I address him in a low voice.

「This is you we’re talking about, so I bet you’re thinking about the victims from the scout unit or something, but if you have time to think about such things then you should think about yourself instead.」

「Teacher! What do you mean by “such things”!?」

Apprentice No.1 rarely raises his voice, but he’s always been sensitive about matters of life and death.

「I’m saying that this isn’t the time to be thinking about the victims from the scout unit.」

「Teacher. There’s things that even you can say and cannot say. If you say any more, then I will not forgive you.」

「Oh-ho? How will you not forgive me?」

Against my pressure, the brat flinches. Apprentice No.1 doesn’t show any agitation on the surface, but that’s merely a presence.

「Just, how, are, you, going, to, not, forgive, me? Do you seriously think that you can defeat me or what?」

Stressing each word one by one, I question him in a low voice. Apprentice No.1 or the brat, one of them gulps.

「Don’t be conceited. There is always someone better than you. It doesn’t matter whether or not you’re the Hero.」

I release the pressure, and poke Apprentice No.1 on the forehead with my staff.

「That also goes for the scout unit. They performed their own duties, and due to a lack of strength they were killed in action. It is not wrong to mourn their deaths. However, you’re barking up the wrong tree if you feel responsible for their deaths. Just because you’re the Hero, if you think that means that you can save anything and everyone then you’re greatly mistaken, okay? Or perhaps, you think it would have been better if you yourself went out to scout – you’re not having such misplaced thinking, right? That would be clearly stealing the duty of the ones who died, and in addition, to imply that they were too incompetent to do their own jobs would be the greatest insult. It couldn’t possibly be that the Hero of all people has such degrading and despicable thinking.」

It seems that Apprentice No.1 couldn’t think of anything to say in response to what I pointed out. He hung his head without speaking. He’s always been like this. He tries to shoulder everything. That every time someone dies in war it becomes his responsibility. Nobody else but his. That’s how he’s gotten into this misunderstanding that he can’t be satisfied unless he can save everyone. Such a thing, would be impossible even for a god though.

「Julius.」

Instead of calling him Apprentice No.1, I call him by his name. Julius slowly raises his head.

「Remember to think about yourself on the battlefield.」

When people become preoccupied with other things, they then may not survive even when they could have.

「There is always someone better than you. You should well understand that yourself, right? Only the strong can protect others. You are weak. So weak you can’t even defeat me.」

「Teacher, you can only say that because you’re strong.」

To Julius’s timid objection, I bark out a laugh.

「There are ones better than me too. You should well understand that yourself, right?」

Since Julius likewise knows about “that person”, he should understand. An existence with such strength that us humans couldn’t possibly oppose it.

「You got it? If it becomes dangerous then run away without hesitation. You are more or less the Hero after all. Compared to having the Hero escape, it would be far worse for the Hero to die. Get that into your skull.」

「It’ll be fine. I shall protect Julius after all.」

The brat is spouting some drivel.

「Having that come from someone more feeble than Apprentice No.1 isn’t persuasive at all.」

「Ouch, that’s harsh!」

I’m sure he took a playful attitude here in order to improve the mood. To raise his spirits so that Apprentice No.1 won’t head towards the battlefield depressed. His fighting strength is a bit unreliable, but he’s a good friend.

「Heheh. Well, I guess I’ll have you protect him then.」

「You bet. Please be at ease.」

As the brat intended, it seems that Apprentice No.1 cheered up a bit.

「Even so, Ronant-sama, worrying over your apprentice and scolding him – you’ve got a cute side to you.」

「I, I’m not particularly thinking such a thing!」

What the heck is this guy saying!? I thought he was a good friend of Apprentice No.1, but it looks like I was mistaken!

「Look! He’s blushing, he’s blushing.」

「I’m not blushing! Dammit! I’m going back now!」

「Teacher, thank you for everything today.」

「Humph.」

I activated teleport, and left the place.

That was, the final farewell between Julius and I.

Reference data :

Ronant at the time of “P, please wait!” : status values of 1500 in magic types, 300 in physical types.

Ronant at the time of the elf village war: status values of 4000 in magic types, 400 in physical types.

Despite having passed not only his growth period but having already started the descent into old age, he still managed to more than double his magic type status values like a FREAK.

Julius: average status values of 2600

Just a bit stronger than Kunihiko and Asaka.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sit-wrath: The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Wrath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Wrath

A battlefield where both the demons and humans have become all jumbled together. No battle formations at all, just a melee. Strategy is completely meaningless and both sides cannot do anything except to kill the enemies right in front of them.

I cannot do stuff like leading on the battlefield. After all, both in the previous world and this world, I’ve never experienced leading others in a war. Since I was entrusted with the 8th Army, I have gained a little bit of experience, but the staff officers etc have always been far more capable than me at giving out appropriate instructions.

To be blunt, I’m not suited for command. With my abilities it’s better to fight on the front line. However, considering the objective of the current war, I can’t exactly go on a rampage by myself. If I went on a rampage then the humans would certainly suffer significant losses, but conversely that means that the demons would suffer fewer losses. Since both the humans and the demons must suffer similar losses, that would be the wrong move. For that reason, I couldn’t just go and rampage on the front line.

However, while that may be true, I can’t then just give commands from the rear. I’m incapable for a start. If it becomes well known amongst the soldiers of the 8th Army that I’m incapable, then I’ll be treated with contempt. The personnel of the 8th Army are basically a mish-mash of various groups. The demon feudal lords who committed crimes had their private armies dismantled, then those were reorganised as the 8th Army. After all that happened, the morale of the soldiers in the 8th Army is low. Enough that there are even some who might rebel. To stop that, I can do nothing except to suppress them with sheer strength.

Because of that, if I’m treated with contempt even slightly then I’m finished. The moment that happens, there’ll likely be a flood of deserters. There might even be some among them who would take the opportunity to attack me. I would like to believe that such a thing won’t happen after I made a display of my strength, but should it actually happen, then I will likely be forced to turn my weapons on my own soldiers. If that’s the case then the losses to the demons would increase, but even I don’t want to do such a thing.

As a result, the actions I should take are clear and simple. If I can’t command, then I just don’t have to. I just need to turn it into such a quagmire of a melee battle that there’s no point in even giving commands. As a bonus extra, if I can make desertion impossible then it’s perfect.

I prepared booby traps behind the rear lines of the 8th Army, and then informed them. That there’s no path of retreat. That if they still try to flee, then I’ll personally kill them. They shuddered to such an extent that it was fascinating.

Then, with regards to myself, I destroyed the fort. Showing myself as little as possible, I hurled magic swords at it from a distance. That way, the humans would need to leave the fort in order to escape the destruction, having no other option but to advance. The strikes from my magic swords destroyed the protection of the fort with trivial ease. It was pointless to hole up in the fort. If they die there then it would just increase their losses. Then, to urge them forwards I continued to hurl magic swords.

The demon army that couldn’t retreat, and the human army that could only advance. They had no option but to clash with each other. If both sides are forced to crash into each other, then strategy becomes meaningless. Finally, once they’re stuck in a melee, giving commands is worthless.

During the melee, while I threw magic swords at the rear of the human army to drive them on, I slew the minimum number of the forces who came at me. Even while hurling the magic swords, I intentionally kept their losses as small as possible. If I reduced the human army by too much, then the losses to the demon army would become too small. A proper commander would minimise any losses to his allies, one way or another. What I’m doing is the exact opposite of that.

I’m a cruel commander. My subordinates have no luck. I seriously sympathise with them. However, that’s all I can do. I chose to do no more than that.

Thus, while I’m throwing magic swords around and defeating the humans who came at me, I heard a battlecry that somehow managed to be audible across the noisy battlefield.

「UWOOOOOOOO!!」

I’m impressed his breath lasted that long – that sort of inappropriate impression popped into my mind. A knight came towards me continuously shouting while he brandished his sword. From the little of him that I could see through the slit in his helmet, he was an old knight with considerable wrinkles etched into his face from age. Despite looking so old, there was nobody who rampaged across this battlefield more youthfully than him. I remember that figure, or rather, that sword technique. A long time ago, back when I was still an ogre, there was an old knight who had cornered me.

「MMM! Towering over the rest! I take it you are the one who leads this troop of demons! My name is Nyudoz! I request a formal duel!」

Ah, so stuffy…… The old knight Nyudoz who has gotten close to my position, has formally applied for a proper duel without concern for the situation around him. How should I put it – he can’t read the mood. This isn’t a situation in which to go all fair and square. Asking for a battle in the middle of a melee, are you an idiot? He must be an idiot.

However, this extreme foolishness is somehow refreshing. He might be an idiot, but he is a consistently single-minded person I bet. Living his life while staying true to his beliefs, honest to a fault. I’m a bit, no, quite jealous. He’s completely different to me who is constantly wavering and hesitating.

「I accept!」

I deliberately responded to him, because I felt that I wanted to. I wanted to try having a fair and square match with this person.

Nyudoz-san doesn’t seem to have realised that I am someone he fought with in the past. I was an ogre then anyway, so I look different now. Well, I have no intention of telling him that. Whatever happened in the past, I’m sure this person wouldn’t care about it.

I guess this is a revenge match for me. Thinking of it like that is a strange feeling, but what I have to do doesn’t change.

「Here I come!」

Nyudoz-san nimbly approaches me. He comes at a speed unthinkable for an old man, or rather, for someone wearing such heavy armour. Humans might have status values inferior to demons, but the speed of that approach is far faster any untrained demon could manage. I wonder just how many there are within the 8th Army who could make such an approach.

「!?」

Even so, that doesn’t reach me. Compared to when I was an ogre, I have become far stronger. My magic sword cuts through Nyudoz-san’s sword. I’m sure he has quite a famous sword, but with a single stroke using my status and magic sword to bulldoze through, that sword is cut in half.

Next, Nyudoz-san’s head is cleaved off. Without even being able to offer any resistance, Nyudoz-san’s head falls.

The least I could do was to grant him a peaceful and painless death. Though it might be presumptuous for me to think such a thing. That was the least I could do though.

It seems that for the human army, Nyudoz-san was an important figure, as the soldiers who saw his death were shaken, and then collapsed. As soon as one section fell, the rest of the human army fell like dominos. Thus, our 8th Army became victorious.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sit-sophia: The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Sophia
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Sophia

「Say.」

「What?」

「Just why are we here, I wonder?」

「You should have heard the particulars already.」

I have heard them, I have! Why are we not on the battlefield, and here in a town instead I wonder? In particular, together with this woman!

「Could you not glare at me please?」

「I can’t help glaring. Aren’t you looking the other way anyway?」

「Merely being in your field of vision is unpleasant for me, so you entering my field of vision is also unpleasant.」

This bitch sure is talking big. Perhaps I should strangle her to death here? ……That sounds good.

「Oh, please refrain from getting any strange ideas about me. Goshujin-sama is looking after all.」

Saying so, Felmina suddenly takes a small white spider out from her clothes and shows it. That is definitely one of goshujin-sama’s clones. If I make a move on this impertinent girl here, then goshujin-sama won’t ignore it. As if slamming into the irritation with nowhere to go, I start scowling even harder.

If asked why we are here in this town right in the midst of the war, I can only say that it’s because of goshujin-sama’s instructions. Just when I thought I’d finally be able to rampage again, I never even thought that I might be kept from the battlefield. Furthermore, to deal with an opponent who we’re not even sure whether they’ll really come or not, of all things.

Since the fight with Kyouya-kun, I’ve not been able to satisfy my battle desires. Or rather, even with that fight with Kyouya-kun, because it was interrupted before the best part I’ve still not fully appreciated it. Also, probably in future as well, I’ve come to believe that I won’t be able to experience a more fulfilling battle than that one.

A fight with an almost equal opponent. Alternating between hope and fear at the opponent’s unforeseen actions, the ecstasy of breaking through those moments. Such an exhilarating feeling – sucking blood doesn’t come close. If that’s how it is in the midst of battle, I wonder just how incredible a sensation I will be able to experience at the moment of victory? Just imagining is enough to make my body tremble.

Yet in the end, because of that Kuro guy everything was ruined. All my built-up excitement was lost in an instant. Because of which, I don’t expect I’ll be able to experience a fight with such good conditions again in future. Since the only one in the world who can fight with me equally, is Kyouya-kun alone. The rest are either weaker than me, or those who are too strong starting with goshujin-sama. There’s no opponents nearby who can compete with me like Kyouya-kun, or otherwise give me a good fight. Even with Kyouya-kun, because he’s darn well gotten his sanity back, he can’t even fight me with the intent to kill like back then. There’s only opponents that I’ll definitely beat or definitely be defeated by.

That’s why, in terms of fights that can satisfy me, that was the first one and last one. Because I let that chance escape, all that I can vent in battle is just the everyday accumulated stress. All I can do is clear out the negative feelings, and it never becomes positive. I thought that’d at least be better than nothing, yet I was even kept away from the battlefield of all things. Does goshujin-sama hate me I wonder? Ah, I better not think about this too deeply. If it turns out that she really does hate me then I’ll cry.

「It seems, that they came.」

The clone of goshujin-sama that’s attached to Felmina is making animated movements, as if trying to convey something. Oh my, it’s kinda cute. Totally, not.

「I see. I guess I’ll be able rampage a bit then.」

「This direction it seems.」

They come from the direction that goshujin-sama’s clone indicates. We’re in corner of the town. A deserted housing district away from the public gaze. A group of hooded men are coming out through an open door from one of the houses.

「I can do them in, right?」

In response to my verification, goshujin-sama’s clone nods in assent. Seeing that, I throw myself at the suspicious hooded group. I strike my sword into the closest hood. It’s a large sized magic sword that Kyouya-kun made for me. Combining my power and the magic sword’s power, the hooded man meets the ground.

That wasn’t a slip of the tongue, okay? It seems I used a bit too much force huh. I had intended to cut him, but he was smashed into an unidentifiable mess buried in the ground. Yup, this was overkill I guess?

「Humph. It was a setup huh.」

The guy who seems to be the leader of the hoods calmly mutters that despite having seen the condition his comrade was reduced to.

「But, even though the information was bait it wasn’t false. Get her.」

To the leader hood’s orders, the remaining hoods simultaneously rush at me. I mow them down with one swing of my magic sword. In addition, a chakram comes flying from behind my back and scores a direct hit on one of them, chopping off his head. I guess Felmina is going to provide covert supporting fire.

The beheaded man topples, and at that moment his hood comes off. The uncovered man, had long ears. The trait of elves. The ones who attacked me, were a group of elves.

Goshujin-sama allowed the elves gain bait information. That when the demons simultaneously invade the humans, I would then be in this town. That for the elves who gained that information, should they want to try to do something about me, then come and settle things. We didn’t know whether they would come or not, but the elves believed the false information and thus they came waltzing in. Well, since I am actually here, it’s not really false information. Their leader also said that the information was bait but it wasn’t false anyway.

It seems that goshujin-sama expected that if information about a reincarnator such as me was spread out, then the elves would make a move. Since it was a critical situation, then I wouldn’t have Ariel-san’s protection.

I merely swung my sword, and the elves who attacked me were defeated. Weak. How boring… the instant I thought that, my face was suddenly punched.

Eh? Huh?

Unable to understand the situation, my face went blank. That was also for an instant, as the shock from when I clumsily fell onto the ground allowed me to regain my senses. Immediately I tried to take a stance, and right in front of my eyes a foot was incoming.

「!?」

I used the magic sword to guard against the impending foot. Even though the edge was held out, the opponent’s foot wasn’t cut.

The magic sword and foot pressed against each other. Looking up at the opponent, there with his face half-concealed by the hood, was an expressionless man. It was their leader.

I put strength into my arm, forcing back the leaders foot. The leader doesn’t fight my strength, and steps back.

I never thought that I could be punched so defenselessly. I’m a bit surprised at the opponent’s speed being more than expected. However, there’s almost no damage. I was just careless. That’s right, if I hadn’t been careless then there’s no way a guy like this could have punched me.

Still, isn’t this guy a bit too hard? Why couldn’t the magic sword cut him? How strange.

Somehow I’m getting rather irritated. So as to confront that irritation, I slash at the leader.

The leader faces his palm out towards me, and something comes flying out from a hole there. Without time to avoid, something pierces my body. I can tell that my HP decreased even without looking at Appraisal.

What, was that? A laser? But, it doesn’t matter. Ignoring the damage, I brandish the magic sword. That’s enough for even this leader guy to show a hint of surprise on his face. Using all my strength I strike at the leader’s body with the magic sword. After going through a sense of hardness, it feels like it was destroyed. The leader’s body is cut right in half, and sent flying by the impact.

After a pause for breath, I chase after the leader’s body. There, with just half remaining, the leader rolls over. Seeing the cross-section of his body, it’s a mechanical body. No wonder it was so hard. Half this man’s body has been turned into a cyborg. Although I had heard from goshujin-sama that the elves had advanced mechanical technology, until I saw it for myself I was half in doubt.

「This, was a huge miscalculation. I never expected this body to be defeated.」

「Oh my? You’re still alive in that state?」

I’m surprised. To think he’d still be alive after having lost half his body. Cyborgs are amazing huh.

「It seems it was a blunder to let Ariel get hold of you. Failing to kill you at that time seems to have been a terrible mistake.」

「Indeed. I’ll be coming to destroy the elves soon or later, so look forwards to that time.」

Then again, you’ll have died here. Striking with the magic sword, I make sure to finish him off this time for real.

「Are you done?」

「I am.」

Felmina suddenly turns up, taking a glance at the corpse of the dead leader, or rather the wreckage.

「For now, let’s collect this and leave.」

「Indeed.」

There’s many things that goshujin-sama doesn’t mention, but for me to be the bait this time, I guess it was for the sake of collecting this then? In order to learn what their level of technology is. Just how far ahead is she looking when planning future actions. Ally she may be, but she’s terrifying.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter sit-blow: The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Blow
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Human-Demon Great War – The situation of Blow

Since when I was born I have been looking at my aniki’s back. The figure of aniki as he made every effort to get the demon race back on their feet, after they were ruined by war after war after war. There was no Demon King. In the absence of the Demon King who should normally gather the demons, aniki continued to serve in that position instead. As far as I know, there is nobody who has worked harder for the demons than aniki. I also saw the figures of the incompetent fools who disparaged aniki because there was no Demon King.

Aniki is not the Demon King. Which is why there were many demons who went against him. During that shitty time, those shitty bastards opposed aniki. Are they fools? Even a fool like me could tell that for the demon race back then, that insurrection and shit was a bad idea, so why couldn’t they understand that?

The demons were desolated, in a state where even being able to eat was a problem. While gritting his teeth in pain, aniki supported them. Eventually, the common people recovered enough so that at least they wouldn’t starve.

Just when that happened, she fucking appeared. The girl who called herself the Demon King. She had the appearance of a brat, and was a brat on the inside as well. Yet, aniki bowed his head before such a person.

While in a fit of rage, a rational part of me commented, ah, so this is what it’s like for the red mist to descend on someone. Until now, the one who had supported the demons, the one who had guided them, was aniki. Everything that aniki had built up, was taken away by that woman, just because she was the Demon King, for that reason alone. Not only that, but all the demons that aniki had desperately revived were then assembled, for some shit about invading the humans. Just when we’d finally been blessed with peace at long long last.

The peace that was finally within our grasp. That was helplessly ruined by the Demon King. The Demon King that aniki obeyed. I couldn’t accepted it. There was no way that I could.

Both the wench who called herself the Demon King, and the freeloading white girl who appeared at the same time, both of them did absolutely nothing. Instead, they devoured the precious food. Just by being here she was causing harm, and on top of that she was basically ordering us demons to die. Why did aniki so readily obey such a woman, was something incomprehensible right from the start.

「Blow, I’ve told you many times that that person has a strength that we cannot possibly hope to match. If we defy her, it’s the end of the demons. No matter how unreasonable the request, I will comply with it. Please understand that.」

Over and over again, aniki would say such things to persuade me. I get it you know. Aniki of all people, wouldn’t just obey someone for no reason at all.

But, just because you have power it doesn’t mean that anything and everything will be forgiven you know? Just what on earth did us demons do to deserve this? I know that our distant ancestors committed some mistake, and that the demons and humans have constantly had to fight each other. However, that shouldn’t matter for those of us living today, surely. I don’t even know what our ancestors caused, but why is it necessary for their descendants to carry that sin? Not only that, but now when even at the best of times it’s hard to say whether the demons will live or die, on the day when war breaks out with the humans, the demons will face ruin whatever happens. The Demon King doesn’t get that.

No, maybe she gets it but is doing it anyway. Maybe aniki is prepared for that, and is putting all his efforts into trying to reduce the damage as much as possible. I’m no fool. In spite of that Demon King’s small appearance, I can somehow tell that she’s an outrageous monster. Even so, as the one who will lead the demons into ruin, I could never respect the Demon King.

Now that it’s already come to this, there’s no way for the demons to survive other than by winning. Reduce the damage as much as possible, and win against the humans. In order to do that, it would mean reducing the humans to despair, by dealing them a massive shock. The most suitable opponent for that, is right here.

「Shiro. Don’t get involved.」

I speak out to Shiro who is beside me. She’s an affiliate of the Demon King. However, thanks to the intelligence that she gained, both aniki and I have been seriously saved. It was at least worth enough that I could ignore her being a glutton.

Shiro herself and the 10th Army that she commands, are probably a group that specialises in intelligence and assassination. Shiro herself is like an elusive phantom with her teleport magic. That’s definitely for performing both intelligence and assassination. However, it takes a massive amount of skill points to gain teleport magic. To the extent that other skills have to be sacrificed. Most likely, her combat ability is low. Except when using surprise attacks with teleport, she’s probably inferior to the other army commanders. I can’t imagine her being able to take on the Hero.

I am now going to challenge the Hero. According to the messenger’s report, I know that the Hero together with his comrades are routing the soldiers while advancing here.

I must defeat the Hero myself. With the achievement of defeating the Hero, I’ll be able to use that against the Demon King. If I don’t do anything, and just do whatever that Demon King says, then eventually the demons will be destroyed. Even if only a little, I will drive a wedge into that.

As to whether I can actually defeat the Hero, it’ll be hard to be honest. However, I can’t allow myself to pull back. For this achievement, the demons, no, aniki is depending upon me.

「You’re the Hero, right?」

I use the human language to address him. The one who appeared, is a young man who gives off an impression of nobility even on this battlefield.

「To think that you would deliberately ask in the human language, huh. That’s right. I’m the Hero. The Hero Julius Zagan Anareich.」

Whether it unexpected that I could speak the human language, or unexpected that I would deliberately use the human language, after showing a brief look of surprise on his face, the Hero introduced himself. He has a gentle appearance, but I can definitely feel a strong determination in his eyes. That’s definitely the style of a Hero. I nod my head, and prepare my sword.

「I’m the Commander of the 7th Army, Blow. Now then, Hero, let’s have a fair match!」

「I accept!」

Getting the Hero’s acceptance, a one-on-one fight begins. First to move wins! I slash at the Hero. However, that was easily stopped, and instead I’m being outmatched and forced back. Damn! I guess he’s above me in pure physical offensive status values.

With my stance broken, the Hero approaches in pursuit. To match blades when I lose in strength, is a bad move. I avoid the exchange, dodging the strike. When I do, the light that is coiled around the Hero’s sword separates, rushing at me. I immediately use the sword as a shield to guard.

Dangerous! That just now was probably some kind of magic skill. And, based on the strength, I realise that the Hero’s forte is actually in magic. Both physically and magically, he’s above me. Even so, I can’t allow myself to lose.

As if sneering at my determination, the Hero forms multiple balls of light. Hey, you gotta be joking. I can tell that each one of those balls of light contains a huge amount of power. They come flying at me simultaneously.

If I avoid them, the guys to my rear will be engulfed. Behind me, is Shiro.

I discard the option to avoid them. I stop the incoming balls of light with my sword. For an instant, my vision jolts. Without being able to understand what happened, I can only comprehend the pain coursing through my entire body. That repeats many times.

Just for an instant I blank out. The moment I realised it, I was lying on my face on the ground. My body is in tatters. But, but!

「I’m not done, yet.」

While recovering my wounds, I stand up. I can’t allow myself to pull back here. If I’m defeated, who will support aniki? If I’m defeated, who will face the Hero next? I can’t allow myself to be defeated.

「You shouldn’t force yourself. You should have understood the difference in strength.」

「I haven’t lost yet! If I go back defeated so miserably like this, I won’t be able to face aniki!」

Even if he didn’t tell me, the difference in strength is obvious!

「If you have a brother then isn’t that all the more reason to not allow yourself to die here? Withdraw your army. I won’t pursue.」

「I can’t allow myself to pull back here!」

Even if I know I’ll lose, I can’t allow myself to pull back! I head towards the Hero. The Hero’s magic and his sword both together drive me away. Even so I simply stand up again, facing him. Again and again.

I can’t allow myself to pull back here. I can’t!

「It’s over.」

「I’m, not, done, yet」

「It is over. I warned you. You simply ignored it, and were defeated.」

Warn, ed? There, is, no, way, I, could, listen, to, that.

「Da, a, mm, it. Ani…」

Aniki……

Shiro……

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 273: War Observations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

273 – War Observations

Via my clones I simultaneously follow the scenes of all the battlefields. Argnar’s 1st Army is having a close fight. Of all the places being attacked it’s most difficult one anyway, so it can’t be helped. Rather, that it’s not worse than a close fight shows how great Argnar’s command skills are. If it was me then I’d have lost long ago.

The 2nd Army, is unbelievably a monkey army. Yep. Those monkeys that I fought with in the past on the lower layer of the Elero Great Labyrinth, they were instigated to attack the fort, and the army itself was able to make the human fort fall without taking any injuries. Those monkeys are seriously tenacious about going after anyone who kills a member of their tribe, making them a real nuisance to others. Because of that, when I fought them in the lower layer, that’s why they kept on attacking until they were annihilated you see. On top of that, they breed after a fixed interval and multiply, and it’s said that when those descend on human populations there’s nothing more troublesome.

As far as I can see through my clones, the fort that the 2nd Army was responsible for is being held by monkeys. The number of monkeys is staggering. The vast number of monkeys is incomparable to the amount that I fought and are crammed into the fort. A tidal wave of monkeys. Woah, I sure feel for the humans who were in the fort after all that. The boobian who set that up, sure is something huh. Well, I’m sure that was something she came up with as self-protection because she didn’t want to be killed by the Demon King though.

For the 3rd Army, the idiot giant charged at the castle walls himself and smashed them. From there he gained control of the fort like an avalanche. What a crazy feat of strength. What’s with the general going at the very front of the attack?

The 4th Army, Mera’s place, had an unexpected defeat. Two reincarnators also participated in the war, and on top of that a surprisingly strong magician woman was also there. Not even Mera could handle all three together and was forced to retreat. By ignoring the damage to the army, I’m sure that Mera would have won if he’d continued to fight though. But since Mera’s gotten all serious about being a general of the demon army, he could only choose to retreat. It’s not like killing the reincarnators was allowed either.

For the 5th Army, it’s becoming a close fight like with the 1st Army. Their opponents are weaker than the 1st Army’s, but they’re still being pressed. In the areas of quality of soldiers and quality of the general, the 1st Army is far superior after all I guess. When all’s said and done, Argnar is excellent.

For the 6th Army, pitiful shota. I had thought that the enemy general looked rather familiar, and it turned out to be the ossan who came to me in the past to apply for an apprenticeship. At that time he was an ossan who was a step from being an old man, but now he’s totally a jijii. In spite of being a jijii he was really hustling, and shot the shota to death. Somehow, it seems like this ojii-san has gotten stronger since I last saw him, huh? I had thought that his magic ability was pretty high for a human before, but now it seems that he’s improved still further.

The 8th Army, oni-kun’s place is, erm, well, do your best soldier boys. Oni-kun is a brute. Well, he’s an oni after all. I’ve got no place saying this, but that’s really cruel, okay.

That’s the basic progress of the battles from each place, but there was another important battle, at a secret place. The elves got caught in the intelligence that I spread. The elves are rather persistent about the reincarnators, so I wondered whether or not they would bite if I spread some intelligence saying “vampire girl is here!”, but the results were better than expected. What vampire girl crushed, was a body possessed by Potimas. One converted to a cyborg even.

I knew that the elves had technology from the old civilisation, but how far it had developed was a mystery. Even for my clones that I inserted into the elf village, they’ve not been able to gain entry into the facility where such things are likely kept. I had been thinking that maybe they have one, two or even three worthless weapons hidden there, but I actually managed to lure one to come waltzing out. The body of Cyborg Poti was collected by vampire girl and Felmina-chan, so I’ll try to analyse it later. Depending on that, I might be able to figure out the technology level of the elves.

Still, for something like that to come out, that shows just how much Potimas wanted to deal with vampire girl I guess. Somehow, I’ve got a bad feeling. Why are they so persistent about the reincarnators? Why are they being kept caged up? There must be something. My clones are secretly keeping watch over the reincarnators who are in the elf village, so if somebody tries something I can protect them. It seems that I better be careful.

「Shiro. Don’t get involved.」

While following the other battlefields, a voice to the side calls out to me. Ah, the Hero will reach here soon, huh. It seems that the hoodlum plans to meet with him.

Hrm. To be honest, if I go and do it myself it would be the fastest way though. But his face is filled with such determination. There’s no stopping him.

「10th Army, do not interfere before it’s over.」

While seeing the hoodlum off as he steps forwards in front of the Hero, I give an order to the 10th Army.

「Are you sure?」

The one advising such, was Waldo-kun. With vampire girl being elsewhere this time, he became my assistant. Waldo-kun knows about my strength indirectly. At any rate, his beloved vampire girl should have explained to him that she’s no match for me. Which is why, he knows that I can even beat the Hero. However.

「His pride?」

「Eh?」

「Then what about his pride?」

It seems that he couldn’t understand my question. Waldo-kun makes a puzzled expression.

The hoodlum has a huge amount riding on this battle. I can certainly beat the Hero. However, if I then defeat the Hero and save the hoodlum, the hoodlum’s pride will be damaged.

There’s no point in merely living. Without pride, life has no meaning. There was a time once when I was desperate just to stay alive, and didn’t even have the luxury to have pride. However, a life without pride, is empty.

The old me merely wanted to live. After all, I had nothing except for my life. My memories, my soul, everything was fake. Except for my life, I had nothing to protect. However, My Home was burned, and that first time when I experienced a sense of failure, I realised it. That, there’s no point in merely living.

I can save the hoodlum’s life. However, at the same time that is a deed that will stain the hoodlum’s pride. It’s up to each person which one to choose, but I choose to take pride. Even if the hoodlum dies as a result. Even though we’re the ones who have been trampling on his hopes to date.

The peace that the hoodlum desires, the respect he has for his elder brother Balto. I am not able to grant those. The Demon King and I, can’t allow it. We are the ones trampling on the hoodlum’s pride. For this reason, I want to protect his self-respect in his last moments. A one-on-one duel to the death with the Hero. I won’t do something so boorish as to intervene.

As a result, he died.

Against an opponent that he couldn’t beat, again and again he was overwhelmed. But even then, until his last moments, he stood up again and again without giving up. As though, it was his will, and his pride, that allowed him to.

Thank you for everything. I pray that you will be able to find happiness in the next life, Blow.

Translation notes:

Shiro uses several different words to refer to Ronant, so just to recap: ossan means “uncle” or “middle aged man” though is a rather rude term, jijii means “grandfather” or “old man” and is also rather rude, with ojii-san being a politer equivalent.

“Oni-kun is a brute. Well, he’s an oni after all” – this is a play on words since the word for “brute” includes the kanji character for “oni”. So it’s rather like saying “Demon-kun is demonic. Well, he’s a demon after all”.

In case you’ve forgotten, “My Home” refers to the large nests that Shiro built as a spider.

“Thank you for everything” – in Japanese, this is a phrase used to thank someone for the work they’ve done – eg, on a project, or for the day. You could say that it implies that the person is going to get some rest now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 274: Hero Killing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

274 – Hero Killing

Blow has died. Having confirmed that with my own eyes, I take a step forwards.

The Hero notices me. There is an expression of astonishment on his face. It seems that he has realised by instinct, that I am the same being as the Nightmare of the Labyrinth who once defeated him.

The Hero Julius also recognises my clones, as whenever he sees one he relentlessly pursues and gets rid of them. The non-combat orientated clones used for monitoring, cannot beat the Hero. Owing to that, I couldn’t keep track of the Hero through monitoring. Most likely, he has a strong impression remaining of not being able to even lay a finger on me, so I think he gained a sensitivity to my existence.

Therefore, it was in my expectations that he might immediately break into an escape on noticing me. Within the accelerated time, I gaze upon the Hero who has a desperate look. I’m sorry to say, but no matter how much he tries to muster his strength, the Hero can never defeat me.

I open my eyes. The least kindness I can do, is to give him a painless death. With my improved Evil Eyes, I assault the Hero with the Evil Eye of Extinction. There are two attributes that I didn’t lose once I became a god. Darkness and Corrosion. To be precise, Darkness and Death. The attributes that Evil God D rules over.

The Evil Eye of Destruction grants death to the Hero, and his body is destroyed. Compared to the power of D herself it might be weak, but it is still undoubtedly the power of god. There is no reason why the Hero could withstand it as he not even a god.

The Hero has been finished off without a doubt, and also the comrades with him have been dealt with the same way. There was one person who withstood it, but that was also within expectations. What was unexpected, lies in a much different place.

「Take care of the rest.」

「Eh?」

Due to the emergency situation, I delegate all battlefield operations to Waldo-kun, and teleport. Where I’ve appeared is a huge room with an enormous magic circle filling it that looks like a geometric pattern. In the center, is the upper half of the body of a woman.

In the bottom level of the Elro Great Labyrinth, deeper within there exists the place where the Goddess is sealed. The core of the System that supports this world.

I quickly approach the Goddess. The top half of her body, has diminished since the last time I saw her. Much more than I had expected.

Suppressing the rage that feels like it might boil in an instant, I grab the Goddess’s chin. I would like to believe that I still have my composure since I didn’t just crush her with my hand like that.

「Do you actually realise, what you have done?」

I couldn’t hold back from using a threatening voice. I open my eyes, and glare right at the Goddess. With her vacant stare, the Goddess merely continues to murmur System messages.

「Don’t fuck with me!」

I didn’t use a loud voice. However, my voice probably contained as much anger as possible.

Just who, for what reason, and for whose sake, do you think this war is for? This Goddess has ruined all of that. All this groundwork was for none other than liberating the Goddess from the System, yet she’s fucking ruined that all by herself.

The purpose of this war, is for reducing the number of humans and demons who can fight, while simultaneously securing energy, and reducing the number of people who will be harmed by destroying the System. In addition, by means of defeating the Hero, I could delete the Hero related requirements from the System, and secure the energy related to that. I have various other reasons for doing this, but those of the two main ones. Both were plans to gather a lot of energy quickly.

However, despite that, the amount of energy collected was less than I had expected. It had been lessened. Because the Goddess had needlessly intervened. The Goddess obstructed the dismantling of the Hero System. Using her body, and a portion of the recent influx of energy.

Since her intentions can’t be communicated I can only guess, but most likely the Goddess fully understands what I’m trying to do. Well, since I’m hacking the System and various other things, it would be strange for the Goddess who is the core of the System to not know. The problem is, not only does she know, but she has begun to intervene against my actions.

「Do you hate it when people die that much? Even though you know just for whose sake it is that they’re all killing each other?」

I tighten the grip on my hand holding the Goddess’s chin. Even though the Demon King has taken actions while being resolved to die, this woman has rendered those actions futile. As if I could forgive that. What a fucked up situation.

「Take a good look.」

I project an image in front of the Goddess’s eyes. Projected there is a battlefield. The battlefield where the 1st Army are fighting. Even by itself it’s gruesome enough that I’m sure that for this Goddess it’s painful to watch.

However, I’m not done yet. To that battlefield, I summon a Queen Taratekt. Next, I give it an order to trample down the demons and humans indiscriminately.

「Don’t you avert your eyes okay? Because you did something unnecessary, I’ve been forced to take even more lives. This scene, is due to your desires, and what you caused.」

There is no objection. However, a slight action of her shaking her head in denial can be seen. So that she won’t be able to take her eyes off the images even for a second, I put my strength into the hand holding her chin.

What a foolish Goddess. While wishing for peace more than anyone else, she more than anyone else is the perpetrator who is forcing the people of this world to walk down a blood smeared path. Even if it means taking D’s malicious salvation. This time was also the same. If she’d kept quiet then I would never have had any intention to commit this atrocity. I still had many things that I had wanted Argnar to do after all. I’ve been unexpectedly forced to crush them.

The reason why I didn’t crush the 2nd Army or 5th Army, was because I thought it was better that way considering what happens next. The 1st Army demons are the elite. And so is the human army that they’re facing. That being the case, by annihilating them the amount of energy that can be recovered is large. In order to recover the most amount of energy with the fewest number of deaths, the only option was to crush the 1st Army.

Sorry, Argnar. In order to grant the future you wish for the demons, the only option was to abandon you. Even then, depending upon the situation I still might not be able to grant your wish.

Without sparing her anything I make the Goddess watch the trampling of every living being by the Queen Taratekt. Even when everything is finished, for a while I forced her to continue watching the scene filled with corpses.

「Don’t do anything uncalled for. Realise that each time that you do the number of casualties will increase.」

I roughly release my grip from her chin. Somehow, those eyes of hers that were vacant from the start, seem to have become even more like eyes of a dead fish. Serves you right. Even still, my irritation doesn’t calm down. I’m so angry that I can almost talk normally. For such a pathetic reason, I was forced to sacrifice Argnar. Damn her.

Leaving that aside, I must quickly find out who the new Hero is. I gotta get in touch with the Divine Word Religion, and have them search.

While thinking about future plans, one of my clones detects an abnormality. It’s the clone that is keeping watch on Yamada-kun. While in class, Yamada-kun suddenly stood up and began to act suspiciously.

It can’t be. It can’t be, it can’t be, it can’t be!?

「You, you!」

I punch the Goddess, hard.

「Just how much do you have to interfere until you’re satisfied! Just how badly will you crush people’s feelings until you’re satisfied! Do you really want to save people’s lives that much!? Why can’t you understand that is exactly what is driving people to their deaths!?」

I resist the urge to kill this Goddess right here, right now. If I actually did that, then what was the point of all the things I’ve done until now.

This Goddess, in addition to continuing the Hero System, specified the next fucking Hero to be Yamada-kun. Yamada-kun, a reincarnator. She definitely chose a reincarnator knowing that I can’t or won’t kill him. Even though the Goddess should know why it is that I’m trying to decisively revoke the Hero System. To recover energy? That’s certainly one of the reasons. However, the biggest reason, is to prevent the Demon King from being killed. Due to the System, a Demon King can always be killed by a Hero. Even if that Demon King has status values that are vastly superior to the Hero’s. In order to get rid of that fear, that’s why I’ve been doing all this to try to get rid of the Hero System.

「Do you want the Demon King to die that much!? The Demon King who, more than anybody else, has been trying so hard for so long for your sake!」

I hear my teeth grinding. If I stay here any longer, I really will start wanting to kill the Goddess. I turn my back on the Goddess, and teleport away from that place. I didn’t even want to see what kind of expression the Goddess had.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 275: The Conclusion of the Human-Demon Great War
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

275 – The Conclusion of the Human-Demon Great War

By the time I returned by teleport, the battle was mostly concluded. Having lost the Hero and his comrades, the human army had lost their spirit. In contrast to that, standing in reserve until then at the rear of the 7th Army, was the uninjured 10th Army. However, every member of the 10th Army are crack troops trained by my own hands. The human army, which was in low morale with losing the Hero, didn’t have the strength to stop the 10th Army.

「Welcome back.」

I was greeted by Waldo-kun who had taken command. Just what you’d expect of an ex-, er, actually current, young noble from a prestigious school. Commanding troops is no big deal. I guess he wasn’t Felmina-chan’s fiance for nothing huh.

Unfortunately however, since the amount of time I had to train him was much less than for Felmina-chan, his status values have fallen behind a lot. Even so, since he’s already improved to the same level as an ordinary 10th Army soldier, that shows that on top of being raised to a vampire, his original talent was significant. Well, saying that, a certain other vampire senpai of his is a long way ahead, so I guess Waldo-kun is going to have various troubles though.

When I check the status of the other battlefields via the clones, at the 2nd Army’s place the fort is held by monkeys and at the 3rd Army’s place the humans have abandoned the fort and have begun to retreat. Mera had ordered the 4th Army to withdraw, and they’re currently retreating. It seems like the 5th Army has begun to retreat. For the 6th Army, it seems that the deputy commander has given the order to retreat in place of the dead shota. For the 8th Army, it feels like oni-kun has overdid it and completely exterminated their opponents. Because I summoned the Queen Taratekt to the 1st Army, they’ve been completely destroyed along with the opponent’s fort. You could say that all the battlefields have reached a conclusion.

Here too, the close combat is over. The 7th Army, which was thrown into confusion by the Hero, rallied together when the Hero died and counterattacked. They cooperated with the 10th Army, and have almost completed mopping up the human forces who came out from the fort. There’s still the battle with the lot holding up in the fort, but since they’ve lost the Hero, I don’t think they’ll hold out for long. Both in combat strength and mental strength.

The final results, are that the demons won in four places including here. The humans won in three places. I guess you could call the place where both sides were annihilated a draw. Saying it that way is does seem like it was quite a close contest, but the overall damage the humans have suffered is larger I guess. For a start, they had heavy casualties even at the places where they won. However, considering the lower population of the demons, the damage the demons have suffered is not something to make light of. If not for irregulars like me and oni-kun, I guess the demons and humans would have suffered about the same amount of damage.

By itself, that’s just as planned. While the boobian of the 2nd Army’s unexpected tactics gave them total victory, it would be too much to say that it was beyond the expectations. Where the plan went amiss for sure, was when I ended up having to kill Argnar. This is a war after all, so of course I had thought about the possibility that Argnar could die in battle. However, I would have never thought that I would be forced into actions like crushing him by my own hand.

It’s become necessary to hasten the plan. The expectation was for the demons to gather around Argnar and Balto, but since one of those two is gone, it will take a long time to assemble the demons. It will also take a long time to reorganise the wounded armies. Normally what we should do is to be cautious of a counterattack from the humans, and only once organised for defence as much as possible would we then attack the elf village, but it might not be possible to use such a deliberate method. I guess it might be better to make haste, and only organise our war resources that are able to invade the elf village, and basically decide that it can’t be helped if the defence becomes neglected.

I also have to think of how to deal with the probable new Hero Yamada-kun. I gotta make sure that he and the Demon King never meet no matter what. At the same time in that country there is the operation to crush the secret maneuvers of Potimas, so I’ll put Natsume-kun and imouto-chan to work. Natsume-kun has acquired the Seven Deadly Sins skills of Lust and Greed. Now he’ll move stealthily, in order to store up power. If I can use my reins on him to guide down a convenient route, then he’ll probably be able to do a good job. As for the reins holder, I guess I’ll let imouto-chan do it.

I also can’t fail to meet up with the Divine Word Religion at least once huh. I gotta explain about the new Hero for a start, and perhaps we might be able to get them to cooperate with us. Even without that, with this war over there is the agreement to invade the elf village, so we gotta hammer out the details for that. For the demon army to deploy to the elf village which is in the human territory, it is essential to have the cooperation of the Divine Word Religion after all. If I wanted to I could use my teleportation to send them in, but then I would be forced to consume quite a large amount of energy, so I’d prefer not to.

Ah, speaking of the elves. I also gotta analyse the body of Cyborg Poti that vampire girl and Felmina-chan collected. Machines are totally out of my area of expertise, but I bet it’s made using magecraft infused super-science, right? In which case I should be able to analyse it somewhat. If I can determine what kinds of magecraft have been performed, then I’ll be able to understand just how dangerous that substitute was. I already have a rough idea of the threat it poses from the battle scene with vampire girl though. If there’s a problem, then it’s the fact that I don’t have the slightest idea just how many of those super-science weapons the elves possess. I guess the only way to find out is by running into them. Well, the Demon King is also here, so if I also participate in the war then I’m sure we would never lose though.

Finally, I gotta reconsider the situation with the System. I never considered the possibility that the Goddess would actually intervene. In the future, when it’s the time to destroy the System, if the Goddess intervenes again then the plan could be ruined. To make sure that won’t happen, I will probably have to prepare some kind of countermeasures. Unfortunately, I still don’t have any specific ideas on how to achieve that yet though. Is it actually even possible to prevent the intervention of the Goddess who is at the core of the System? But, I gotta do something. Shit! I’ve really been had.

Argh, there’s so many things to do. Too many! Why is it so hectic? Everything’s the fault of that shitty Goddess! I’d never say that in front of the Demon King and Kuro though, naturally. Sigh, without some kind of reward I just can’t do this. I’ll have the Demon King prepare something sweet I guess.

For the time being, I’ll leave all the decision making regarding the capture of the fort to Waldo-kun. Yes, let’s.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 276: Granny, don't overdo it!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

276 – Granny, don’t overdo it!

Via the clone that is watching over Yamada-kun, I guess I should say “as expected”, but it has been confirmed that Yamada-kun is the new Hero. Yamada-kun confessed that himself to a teacher, so it seems certain.

Leaving the capture of the fort to Waldo-kun, I teleport to the Demon King’s place. At the very least, unless I discuss things with the Demon King then nothing can begin. On teleporting to the Demon King Army Headquarters where the Demon King is, the mood there had become excessively tense.

「You came at a good time. I have something to ask you.」

Kuro, who was together with the Demon King, took us to a deserted location. Balto stared at us as if wanting to ask us something, but in the end he let us pass without saying anything. I think that he’s probably already heard about Blow’s death via Telepathy.

「Was it necessary to throw that in?」

「”That”? What might that be? I won’t get it from ju-u-ust that.」

In response to the question posed to me, the Demon King forcibly interjects. Although Kuro turns his gaze towards the Demon King for a moment, he soon turns his stare back to me and opens his mouth.

「The Queen Taratect.」

「Oh, that huge spider-san, huh. What an amazing coincidence, huh. Who’d expect it to suddenly teleport onto a battlefield, eh」

「Don’t play dumb.」

「Kuro-chan, scar-y-y-y. Shiro-chan, save me-e-e!」

The Demon King replies to the question asked to me, and Kuro continues to stare at me without glancing at that Demon King. Within that strange mood, I keep my silence. I have no intention of informing Kuro about the current situation.

「Shiro-chan, your onee-san wishes that you would at least give a response you know.」

「Don’t change the subject.」

Perhaps sensing that I have no intention of replying to anything, Kuro turns to face the Demon King. Then the Demon King and Kuro begin an exchange. The Demon King shouldn’t be aware of the reason why the Queen Taratekt committed that atrocity either, but it seems that she has no intention of complaining about it. Far from it, within all the words, gloomy thoughts appear and disappear with regards to the humans and demons. After having endured for such a long time, maybe she thinks that it’s fine to kill a somewhat larger amount. Well, regardless of the Demon King’s true feelings, if she’s going to cover for me, then I have nothing to say.

「I guess you won’t understand unless I put it in words, huh? Say, between bottomless kindness, and bottomless stupidity, don’t you think there’s a paper-thin difference?」

「I don’t think so.」

After observing the exchange between the Demon King and Kuro for a while, the Demon King says something incredible. From her way of speaking it’s almost as if she might know about the current situation. And also, that she might be criticising the Goddess’s actions. Kuro might have denied the Demon King’s words immediately, but for the Demon King to say such a thing in the first place, and just how odd that is for her, is surely something that he understands, right?

「Oh, really. However, perhaps you should keep the following in mind? Those who are saved with kindness alone, don’t amount to much.」

「I was saved by that kindness. Also, doesn’t that mean you’re also denying ourselves?」

「I guess so. Which is exactly the reason why you and I are at odds with each other.」

「You have no intention of withdrawing, then?」

「None.」

「……Very well. I will associate with your for a little longer.」

「Just what I’d expect of Kuro-chan! You’re so-o reasonable!」

「However, if the time comes when I cannot agree at all, then I will show no mercy.」

「Gotcha. I pray that such a time won’t ever happen.」

As soon as the conversation is over, Kuro leaves in a bad mood. Once the Demon King has seen him off, she heaves a big sigh of exhaustion.

「Sheesh. I thought I was gonna be killed.」

Although the Demon King is undoubtedly the strongest existence within this world, she’s no match for Kuro who is a god outside of the laws of this world. Even though she was vigorously arguing with him, it seems that she was quite tense inside.

「Demon King.」

「It’s okay. Don’t say it.」

When I tried to explain about the situation, I was restrained by the Demon King.

「Or rather, I don’t want you to say it, I guess. Because it feels like my determination will falter.」

Saying so, the Demon King turns her back towards me. With my eyes, even if her back is to me I can still tell her expression. The Demon King still has the same frivolous smile as ever. However, beneath the surface, I can tell that she’s almost about to cry.

The Demon King had known. The reason why I had taken unexpected actions. That what those actions imply. That what she is trying to achieve, was rejected by none other than the person she was trying to save.

Even though she had known, she was scared of hearing me speak the truth. That if she actually did hear it, that then she would want to stop. And also, that if she had actually stopped, then the Demon King would probably no longer have anywhere to go to. I think it’s because the Demon King understood that, that she refused to hear it.

However, putting it the other way around, it also means that she still has no intention of stopping. That even if the Goddess rejects it, she still intends to proceed.

She’s so strong. The Demon King is strong. Putting aside things like being a god, or status values, and so on, she is the strongest person I know. Dazzlingly strong. I envy that strength. Because there is nobody with more pride than the Demon King.

In my case, I don’t yet have a belief that I can be puffed up with pride over. I have no pride. That might be the exact reason why I seriously want to help this proud Demon King.

With the Demon King still facing away from me, I embrace her closely.

「It’ll be okay.」

Though I have never before done anything like comforting a person who is feeling down, I thought that now’s the time that I should do this.

「I’ll be with you.」

While there is the agreement with D as well, on top of that, with my own personal feelings, I intend to watch over the Demon King until her last moments. That’s why, until that time comes I will always support the Demon King.

「If it’s like this, then you can’t tell which one of us is the onee-san you know.」

The Demon King says that jokingly. Since the Demon King has the appearance of a young girl after all. Seen from the side I would certainly be the onee-san instead. In actual age the Demon King is far greater though.

「Rather than onee-san, it’s more like obaa-san though.」

Because I was born as a child to Mother, and it was the Demon King who gave birth to that Mother, it’s correct to say that we have the relationship of grandmother and grandchild. So, arguing over who’s the onee-san is wrong either way.

「Ahaha. That’s a fair point.」

Granny smiles.

「Thank you.」

And so, granny thanked me. It’s the least I could do. I’m a granny’s girl after all.

The full conversation between the Demon King and Kuro can be seen in “Human-Demon Great War Secret”.

Shiro’s personal “heart” power ratings:

Demon King > sensei > the Goddess = the pope > oni-kun >>>> The unsurpassable wall >>> vampire girl > loser (Kuro)

This is ultimately Shiro’s personal opinion, so other opinions are just as valid.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 277: Secret manoeuvres restart
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

277 – Secret manoeuvres restart

Now then, with my mood restored I now have to begin the secret maneuvers again. First of all, I’ve requested the Demon King to requisition some sweets and to set up a conference with the Divine Word Religion. Regarding the sweets, I was given the reassuring words “Leave it to me!”, so I’ll wait with anticipation. For the Divine Word Religion, I expect it’ll mean waiting until they reply. One of the doll spiders is dispatched to the Divine Word Religion currently, so keeping in contact is simple. Since they’ve only just finished with the war as well they might not be in the state to be able to quickly open the conference anyway, so I guess we can just leisurely wait for them. Actually, for us we still have to withdraw the whole army before it can march, so we’re not in a state to be moving yet either.

Therefore, the only ones who can freely move around are pretty much just me, vampire girl and Felmina-chan. While in theory the Demon King could move if she wanted to, naturally the supreme commander can’t just go wandering around of course. Eh? What about the 10th Army? I can just leave it all to Waldo-kun. Compared to me being in command, I’m sure he can move them more accurately instead anyway.

Such being the case, let’s begin with having those who can move do what they can. Firstly, for the clones in change of the region around the System, they’ll investigate to see if there’s a way to prevent the Goddess from tampering with the System any further. If it seems to be possible then they’ll try to do that. Breaking the Hero System is impossible. Unless I can make use of the tiny gap when the Hero is being substituted, then it’s impossible to destroy the Hero System. Since if I try to force it, it will then have a negative impact on the current Hero. In other words, on Yamada-kun. Even if that wasn’t the case, it would still require consuming a huge amount of energy to destroy the Hero System, making it a situation of putting the cart before the horse, so I’m not going to do it.

So, my main body meets up with vampire girl and Felmina-chan. I collect Potimas’s body, and temporarily store it in another dimension. I’ll analyse it later. For now, first of all I have to start preparations to do something about Yamada-kun’s homeland.

「So in conclusion, go and entice the Empire.」

「I have no idea what you might be concluding though?」

Despite giving out my instructions, vampire girl can’t even comprehend the words. What a useless person. Here you gotta use your feelings to perceive what the other person wants to convey. It’s totally not the case that my words were insufficient. It’s not, okay?

The human higher-ups in Yamada-kun’s homeland have been infected by Potimas. While I don’t know what Potimas is aiming for by doing that, it’s obvious that it won’t be anything good if it’s taken any further, so I gotta do something about it before long. Specifically, secretly maneuver to wipe out Potimas’s clones, by killing everyone who was corrupted by them. Such as the king.

I think to save any of the humans once they’ve been corrupted, is probably not impossible. I think so, but it would require putting in a considerable amount of effort for a start, and it would probably be possible to only save one person. When one is saved the others would surely be killed. In that case, it would be simpler to resign ourselves to losing the whole lot of them from the very start.

So, since it means wiping out the higher ups of the kingdom entirely, it’s unavoidable for it to become a major incident. In addition, since they gotta be wiped out in one fell swoop, I’m sure it would become a considerably blatant incident. If they’re not wiped out in one fell swoop, then Potimas will be able to pick up on it. Accordingly, I’m planning to have Natsume-kun take the role of the principal offender.

I’ve thought of directly doing it myself, but I want to conceal my existence from Potimas as much as possible. While he should have learnt about my existence to some extent with my recent killing of the Hero, he shouldn’t be able to figure out that I’m actually a god. It’s better if Potimas mistakenly considers our greatest fighting force to be the Demon King. I bet Kuro wouldn’t take action what with one thing and another, so he doesn’t count as a fighting force.

Accordingly, the ones I selected were Natsume-kun and imouto-chan. Natsume-kun’s gone berserk in various ways so I intend to use him and then throw him away, and imouto-chan will be made to control him. This way Natsume-kun will be the center of attention, and I’ll avoid it. While at it, it would be good if the Demon King Army’s movements could also be kept hidden.

So, Natsume-kun is the prince of the Empire. In which case, let’s use that connection to the maximum, basically. The amount of troops that Natsume-kun can control with his own authority probably isn’t much, so vampire girl will use her Charm to manipulate the Empire’s higher-ups, and backup Natsume-kun. Natsume-kun himself has the highest rank skill of Charm from Lust as well, so at this stage let’s go overtake the Empire from the inside. In that case, it should become much easier when the time comes for the Demon King Army to depart for the elf village.

Yup. Even if I do say so for myself, it’s a wonderful plan eh. Just rather heretical. It’s a bit too late for anything else though.

With supreme effort I explained all this to vampire girl and Felmina-chan. Phew, that was harder than defeating the Hero you know.

「Got it. Okay then, let’s meet with this “imouto-chan” person.」

I dunno what’s “okay then” though. Hey vampire girl, weren’t you ever taught that when explaining something to someone you need to properly cover everything from A to Z? Use my feelings to make a guess? I’m not an esper you know, so of course I can’t do that. Sheesh, the youth of today are hopeless at using sufficient words. Well, from here on they might be working together anyway, so if she wants to meet then I’ll let her meet.

I take a look at imouto-chan’s situation through a clone. Since her onii-san Yamada-kun suddenly started acting suspiciously in class and then left, she’s quite restless. She’s returned to her own room, but she’s nervously pacing around the room. So you’re worrying about your onii-chan that much huh. I see, I see.

Well then, let’s raid imouto’s dinner. We raid imouto-chan’s room via teleport.

「!?」

Imouto-chan stiffens in shock when we suddenly appear. Vampire girl has fastened her eyes on imouto-chan. Felmina-chan, somehow seems to be looking at imouto-chan with eyes full of pity. Incomprehensible.

「Do you want to know what happened to your onii-san?」

In response to my question, imouto-chan gives a start of surprise. It’s lovely that you’re so easy to understand. Well then, shall we get started on making a deal with the devil, or rather, Evil God.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 278: How to skillfully trick a brother-con imouto
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

278 – How to skillfully trick a brother-con imouto

Today, your onii-san was acting strange wasn’t he? Do you want to know the reason? I’ll tell you then. Amazingly enough, your onii-san was selected to be the Hero. The previous Hero was also your onii-san though, but I’ve killed him. Since Heros are a nuisance you know. Maybe I should erase him, hmm. What to do, hmm. Maybe if someone would cooperate with me then I wouldn’t need to erase him though, huh. Hint hint.

The end. That was a digest version of the conversation with imouto-chan. Currently, due to the incident of Yamada-kun becoming the Hero, I was shocked to see that imouto-chan has gotten over-excited and has a nosebleed. So it wasn’t a superstition that when you get over-excited you can get a nosebleed. From there it seemed like an “onii-sama talk” was about to begin, but Felmina-chan stopped it, so that problem was avoided. Nice going, Felmina-chan. Just what I’d expect of a former high-ranking noble. Her talking ability is way above mine.

Incidentally, when it was revealed that Yamada-kun had become the Hero, there was another squawking magpie who began to act up. Well, it’s vampire girl after all. Come to think of it, I had forgotten to explain that bit. To silence her as quickly as possible, I kicked her flying. Like in a gag manga she sunk into the wall, so she should be quiet for a while. Seeing that, I get the feeling that all the colour drained from imouto-chan’s face out of dread, but don’t mind it. Afterwards, I also got the feeling that Felmina-chan laughed scornfully at her, but I’m sure that’s just my imagination.

「What do you want me to do?」

So, the current situation is that imouto-chan is at a loss.

「It is a simple matter. If you want to save your onii-sama then just betray your country. If you are unable to do that, then you will lose not just your country, but your onii-sama’s life, and also your own life. Which will you choose?」

Felmina-chan was rather lively as she drove imouto-chan into a corner. Looking at her like this she’s basically a “noble girl villainess”. She usually restrains herself, but Felmina-chan was originally an ojou-sama from a good house after all. I’m sure it’s more in her nature to be giving orders than taking orders.

Imouto-chan is pondering all this with an expression of anguish. Sometimes she shows threatening signs, but she quickly suppresses it and stops. It seems that she knows that even if she tries to attack us she’ll simply be beaten in return. Well, imouto-chan could never beat me no matter how she tried. For a non-reincarnator human she might be exceptionally strong, but I’m sure she wouldn’t even match Felmina-chan anyway.

Imouto-chan pondered and pondered, and finally gave in. To be honest, I was surprised that she pondered this much. After all, she is a pathological brother-con after all. I had expected her to immediately reply with something like “if it’s for onii-sama’s sake then I’ll do it!”.

Based on the observations of the clones, this girl doesn’t have any kind of patriotism. Instead, she might even hate the country. With the family environment she was raised in, she gets on quite badly with her mother and brothers, except Yamada-kun of course. Well, they’re the queen and next king of this country though. Because of that, I hadn’t really been expecting her to resist crushing the country.

Ah, I get it. If she cooperates with us, then that means she’s opposing her beloved onii-sama huh. So that’s why she pondered so much and is so depressed huh. Imouto-chan is hanging her head with a face like the world is about to end. Felmina-chan, and vampire girl who recovered before I noticed, are looking at imouto-chan’s face and grinning. Why you……

「In love with one another yet forced to be enemies.」

I whisper into imouto-chan’s ear. Suddenly her shoulder makes a massive shudder.

「All the more reason for the forbidden love to ignite into passion.」

This time she twitches in response.

「When he finds out the truth, all his thoughts will be focused on you.」

「I’ll do it!」

Easy. What’s with this empty headed yandere brother-con? You wouldn’t believe that a moment ago she had a face filled with despair, but now she has a sloppy smile with her mouth hanging open. This girl is broken – better do something soon. Actually, it’s already too late. In order to keep her motivation going, next time I’ll bring her some novels with the main character being a heroine who fell in love with her enemy. The type where in the end the two get together with a happy ending of course. Well, I don’t think that’ll be happening with imouto-chan and Yamada-kun though.

I’ve now secured imouto-chan who has developed a delusion of getting together with her nii-sama after overcoming a trial, so next we’ll move to where Natsume-kun is. And off we go directly to where Natsume-kun is with teleport.

「Huh? What?」

When we teleported in, Natsume-kun was in the middle of brainwashing some elite surveillance people. I’ve been following his actions through my clones, and step by step he’s been using brainwashing on the monitoring people to undermine them it seems. And, the ones in charge of the monitoring are from Ooshima-kun’s house. Ooshima-kun’s house is a dukedom in the kingdom. The duke and duchess have already been claimed by Potimas. What that means, is that Natsume-kun is already moving in a nice direction, without even me giving him instructions.

「Hm? You’re… Wakaba huh?」

Even though the illusion should be concealing me, I was seen through in an instant. It seems that Kusama-kun saw through to my real face in an instant as well, so it seems that people who already knew my face aren’t affected. Come to think of it, this is the first time that we’ve met while he’s been in a relatively sane condition huh. Well, I’m about to make that remaining sanity “log out” though. To the clone inside Natsume-kun’s head – do it.

「Ah-heigg?」

Natsume-kun makes a strange noise and his eyes roll back in his head.

「「「Woah」」」

The voices of vampire girl, Felmina-chan and imouto-chan overlap. It seems that they couldn’t stand the fact that they had the same reaction, as vampire girl and Felmina-chan start glaring at each other. Don’t squabble over something so trivial.

First of all, by way of the clone that has taken hold of Natsume-kun, I set up the suggestion that imouto-chan is an obedient cooperator. While at it, I induce him to take actions so as to overthrow this country. All done. Ah, I’ll alter his memory of us to be supporters as well I guess.

When the falsification of Natsume-kun’s memory is finished, his eyes roll back and while making odd sounds his body trembles and spasms then stops moving after one big leap. Finally, as if nothing had happened his expression returns to normal.

「Ahh, Shiro huh. What is it?」

Natsume-kun will now no longer recognise me as Wakaba Hiiro, and instead I’m established as Shiro. For no particular reason.

「Use these girls.」

I point at the girls standing behind me. Imouto-chan will be Natsume-kun’s assistant, and vampire girl will take hold of the Empire from the inside. As for Felmina-chan, we’ll return to the demon territories together for a job. With that as the general outline, for now I’ll have imouto-chan take the role of Natsume-kun’s advisor and reins-holder. With regards to the Empire, it’ll take a bit of time until a message from Natsume-kun can get there, so it seems that vampire girl’s debut will take a bit longer. That being the case, I leave imouto-chan in Natsume-kun’s care and leave.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 279: Dundun Dun Dundun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

279 – Dundun Dun Dundun

I was able to introduce imouto-chan and Natsume-kun to each other. As for what I can do next, that would be the analysis the body of Cyborg Potimas. I left vampire girl with Waldo-kun, and I’ll have them capture the fort together. I’d already returned Felmina-chan to the demon territories, and set her to work on the arrangements for countermeasures.

Once I’d placed those two in their posts, I entered the other dimension where I’d left Potimas’s body for storage. There I began to dismantle the Poti Body that was laid out. I feel like a doctor about to start an operation. “Scalpel!”, as it were.

I don’t need a scalpel though and carefully begin the dismantling using my hands. But, just what is this body? It was beyond my expectations for it to be a full-body cyborg though. My rough expectation was that it would use the elf’s flesh body as a base, with various machine parts embedded here and there, but in fact it’s all machine parts except for the brain and some critical organs. Hey, this is practically a Terminator.

Even for me, machines are outside my area of expertise, so I can’t determine what the various functions are. Somehow or other, I can tell that this bit is life support, and these are motors and so on, but regarding the details such as the theory behind it’s operation I have no idea.

However! That only applies to the machine parts. The workings of the magecraft-like features engraved into the machine parts is something that I do understand. Since I’m a god after all. If these were straightforward machines like what would be produced on Earth then I would have to study mechanical engineering from the basics, but for something produced by the elves to have no magecraft elements at all would feel like an absolute fraud you know. If this hadn’t had any of that then I’d seriously cry.

While taking apart the machines, I analyse the magecraft carved into them. For now I will ignore the purely mechanical machine parts. I can’t understand what I don’t understand after all. Well, the completely mechanical parts with no magecraft are not actually important anyway. At worst they could have nuclear weapons, right? … Actually, maybe I shouldn’t joke about that huh. W, well, maybe possibly probably it’ll be okay. It doesn’t have a small nuke installed for power, or so I hope.

I continue with the dismantling even more carefully than before. The disassembly is almost completed.

Hrm. The results of the analysis shows that this body does not have significant magecraft applied to it.

Firstly, there is magecraft applied to enhance the hardness of the entire body. In status value terms this would be a defensive ability boost. Likewise, there’s magecraft to raise the maneuverability. In status value terms this would offensive ability or speed. There’s various other things built in as well, but they’re only either there to assist the above two magecrafts, or things that are designed to be able to quickly activate simple offensive magecrafts. The only one which seems to have a high offensive ability is the one installed into the arm that wounded vampire girl which fired something like a laser beam, but it seems to be a combination of machine and magecraft so unfortunately I don’t understand the details.

To put it plainly, the magecraft used within this body, is nothing more than an imitation of the magecraft used by the System to give status values to the inhabitants of this world as if it was natural. This isn’t certain, but I think that this body operates outside of the System’s assistance, and doesn’t receive the benefits of the status values. That is why the exterior was specifically strengthened.

However, the degree of that strengthening is pretty decent. Putting aside the offensive ability, wouldn’t the defensive ability reach something like 10,000 in status value terms? I myself don’t receive the benefits of status values anymore, so this is nothing more than a guess though. It sure is inconvenient not be able to use Appraisal huh. Well, considering the time when it was able contend with vampire girl in melee combat, it can be clearly seen that it has a considerable amount of combat ability though.

Even with that level of combat ability, it won’t become a threat from my point of view. If they have many of these, then it would probably be tough for vampire girl and oni-kun for instance, and for an ordinary soldier just to take them on one-on-one it would be pretty hopeless though. The Demon King or I would be entirely out of reach. If you wanted to defeat the Demon King with these, then it’d be impossible unless you prepared more than 10,000 of them. Against me, no matter how many there are, it’d be a completely pointlessly futile waste of time!

Ahem. However, that’s only assuming that these are the elves’ trump card. Considering the technological level of this body, from my perspective, it seems to be ancient. What served to kickstart my apotheosis, was the underground ruins from the old world. In comparison to the technology applied to the robot army I saw there, there’s almost no difference in the technology level applied to this Poti Body.

Then the elves haven’t developed beyond the technological level of the old world? No, I don’t think that’s the case. The proof of that, is that this Poti Body, was manufactured long ago. When I performed an analysis on the activated magecraft, the period of activation is easily more than 800 years. In other words, it means that this body has been in existence for at least 800 years. The brain might well have been replaced though, as it’s practically the only living tissue within the body.

It’s better to think of this as an old model body. I don’t know the significance of it being used in this situation though, but it’s not a recent model. It was probably considered that this old world body would be able to manage I guess. In practice, this would be quite a difficult opponent for anyone other than the Demon King. While vampire girl and oni-kun can beat it, I guess it’s at the level where it’s hard to say whether or not Mera could beat it. I’m sure that Kuro has subordinates who could beat it, but I’m not including them in my calculations.

Hmm. Conclusion: the elves might be bad news.

It’s completely unknown how much they’ve progressed their technology since this body, but at the very least this is the absolute minimum. If I get serious then I don’t think I could lose, but it might become a situation where I’m forced to consume more energy than expected. I want to avoid that as much as possible though. Just one more thing to worry about.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 280: Aftermath of the battles
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

280 – Aftermath of the battles

For the capture of the fort that I had left to Waldo-kun, once vampire girl participated it was finished off right away. Despite the humans who here holding it, vampire girl cleared the defensive wall unaided and invaded the interior. While creating a scene from hell, agonizing cries and all, the fort fell. Seriously okay, that’s, you know, going a bit overboard perhaps? Not like I can say anything though. She seemed rather irritated about something.

The net result was, rather than a bloodless capture, a blood-drenched capturing of the fort was accomplished, and the 10th Army and the survivors of the 7th Army are currently occupying it. The decision is made to entrust it to the surviving commanding officers from the 7th Army, and the 10th Army are scheduled to return back before long. Though it’s occupied it’s not like there’s many prisoners etc due to a lack of survivors. While the chances of the humans coming to recapture the fort are not non-existent, they’re probably in a mess as well anyway, so I’m sure they won’t be moving soon. So, it’s not necessary to leave many soldiers here. Beyond that, I want the 10th Army to be able to move freely, for the upcoming capture of the elf village.

The other armies are either withdrawing, or occupying the captured forts. The 2nd Army was supposed to have assaulted the fort themselves, but due to the boobian’s scheme it’s become covered with monkeys, so instead they’re standing guard to prevent the monkeys from flooding into the demon territories. Well, with regards to it developing into standing guard, maybe the boobian has the ulterior motive of wanting to keep her forces close at hand perhaps? If they returned they’re be uninjured, but because they’ll need to supplement the other armies and so on they’ll be pulled apart, and it may be unavoidable to perform a reorganisation anyway. Which is why, she didn’t want to return. Maybe she’s thinking of retaining her forces if possible, and opposing the Demon King or something.

The 3rd Army is currently occupying the fort it took. The idiot giant is overly kind, and despite it being a war he’s providing good treatment to his enemies who became prisoners. Because of that there’s unnecessary additional effort involved, so I think they’ll be unable to leave for a while.

The 4th Army is currently in the middle of retreating. Because they promptly withdrew from the battlefront, I’d say they’ll probably be the first to return back to the demon territories. Well, Mera is commanding them, so I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about.

The 5th Army is likewise in the middle of retreating. They’ve suffered more damage than the 4th Army, so at a town along the way they’ll have to give treatment to the injured soldiers and resupply. Particularly because there’s many injured soldiers, they might end up staying in that town for a long time but either way they probably won’t be moving any time soon.

The 6th Army is also in the middle of retreating. They’re in an even more pitiful state than the 5th Army. Their general the shota died in battle, and many of the soldiers have also been lost. Excluding the 1st Army which was completely annihilated, I guess they’ve suffered the most damage. Because it’ll be almost impossible to reorganise them as an army, I think they’ll probably be disbanded and distributed amongst the other armies. Well, similarly to the 5th Army, it’ll probably take some time before they can return though.

The 8th Army are returning in triumph. Since they won after all. I think it would be incorrect to say that they are retreating. However, their mood is about as heavy as if they’d been defeated. Oni-kun demonstrated his brutality and the battlefield became hell after all. Battlefields are always hell, but his deeds thrust it down into the very bottom of hell. Scary, scary. The fort they were supposed to occupy was completely destroyed, so having no reason to stay they’re making their return in triumph. Prisoners? You think there are any?

The 9th Army didn’t leave in the first place, so omitted. Since that’s a Demon King Army that’s not a Demon King Army.

So in the end, the only one that can currently move freely is the Demon King’s directly controlled army only. That Demon King’s directly controlled army, is supposed to focus on defensive battles in the demon territory, so I guess they can’t just move at a moment’s notice after all. Well, to be blunt, just the Demon King by herself would suffice for defence so just by itself that suffices. If necessary the puppet spiders and remaining Queen Taratekts could be summoned anyway.

There’s no army that’s ready for action. Well, if you think that means that there’s nothing to do, that’s not the case either. Dealing with the aftermath of the battles is a considerably important job after all.

To heal wounded soldiers, medicine or personnel who can use treatment magic need to be dispatched on-site. There’s replenishment of the supply trains. The collective amount of damage and the number of surviving soldiers needs to be determined. From there a reorganisation plan needs to be prepared, otherwise it won’t be possible to then move out to capture the elf village. There’s quite a lot of work that is never-ending. For those I’ll just delegate it all to Felmina-chan.

「Actually, please help me.」

Do you best! I have something that I need to do! I’m actually being serious here.

I want to get rid of as many elves and their collaborators as possible, since they’ve taken advantage of this opportunity to come out. The elves and those collaborators happen to be lurking in countries all over the world. You can tell just how wide their area of activity is, by considering the fact that they have a teleportation point created in the demon territories. Since they can use teleportation, it’s no easy matter to exterminate them. Or actually, probably impossible. However, if I make use of this to try, then I should be able to constrain them somewhat. Well anyway, I’ll be crushing the cyborg bodies that Potimas has put so much time and effort into.

When I include a requirement that any members we have here must be able to do that, then the number of potential members is limited. In that case, the other side should be cautious. Whether they withdraw to the elf village, or attack us in return, I should be able to expect some kind of action. If they withdraw to the elf village, then I’ll locate the teleportation circle to the elf village that they’ve been desperately trying to conceal. If they go on the offensive, then I’ll be able to make further analysis of the elves’ combat potential. Either way, it can only be a positive outcome for us.

Hrm. While we’re at it, I guess I’ll raise vampire girl’s level at the same time. By capturing the fort, vampire girl’s level should have also risen by a fair amount, but I’m sure there’s still plenty of scope for progress.

「Therefore, let’s go.」

「Like I’ve been saying! What do you mean by “therefore”!?」

I grab vampire girl who was taking a break with Waldo-kun in the fort. We’re now going to teleport around the world and raid the positions of the elves and their collaborators! Basically, a mini world tour.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter elf-lead: The Elf Leader's Miscalculation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Elf Leader’s Miscalculation

Author’s note: Po-no-ji’s point of view.

Translation note: This is referring to Potimas

The war between the humans and demons has come to an end. The result, is more or less a draw. Both sides suffered enormous damage.

Several of the forts that form the cornerstone of the human territorial borders were taken, and the situation has become one where it’s unclear when the demons will invade again. Not just that, but while the forts being taken was bad enough, the damage to the humans wasn’t limited to just that. The death of the Hero in particular, could be said to be the hardest blow for the humans. While I didn’t have much expectations of this Hero, I won’t deny that I did have some faint hopes that maybe he could achieve something. Him and Ariel killing each other would be too much to ask for, as that would be the sort of dream a child who cannot face reality would have.

While the demons were able to successfully capture several forts, both at the places where they failed and where they succeeded, naturally they did not come away unscathed. Purely in terms of the number of casualties, there probably wasn’t much difference between them and the humans. So, from the perspective of the demons who have fewer numbers than the whole of humanity, the damage they took is great. Because they conscripted soldiers without considering the consequences, if they manage their losses poorly then it could even cast a shadow over the continued existence of the demons as a species. But then again, since she was well aware of that possibility, by pressing ahead with the unreasonable conscription of soldiers anyway, I guess you could say it’s going as Ariel planned.

Yes, as planned. The war on this occasion has been entirely within the palm of Ariel’s hands. That ability of hers to cause all this damage to the humans and demons, and eradicate the one person who needed to be dealt with. Maybe it would better to call it completely magnificent. Or perhaps even artistic. At any rate, even I was lead around by the nose after all.

Since before the war began, I sensed that it was becoming hard for the elves within the demon territory to carry out their activities. While I had thought that Argnar had been spotted as being one of our collaborators, I still feel ashamed of having our movements entirely understood and being one-sidedly crushed. It was a surprise in itself that Ariel would have someone under her capable of conducting such information warfare. I had looked down on Ariel’s strength as purely being in her fighting ability.

Probably this Shiro or whatever individual, the one who has recently been serving beside her, is an expert in intelligence gathering. Although there is no reliable information due to all the interference, it seems there are rumours going around saying that the army that Shiro is commanding are specialised in such things. Where did she find a group with such skills? Because of them moving around behind the scenes, I’ve been at the limits of my irritation at not being able to shape events as I wish. The information warfare within the demon territories has been a complete loss. It’s already impossible to tell what information is fact and what is fake.

For this reason, after Ariel had departed for the war, at the time when I gained some information that one of the reincarnators, the girl vampire, was alone, I suspected that it might well be a trap. Being cautious, I intended to crush the trap itself, and intentionally answered the invitation. Thinking of the worst case, I used an old model body that it wouldn’t hurt to lose. Even though it was an old model, it was a body with plenty of combat ability.

It was crushed by that girl vampire with trivial ease. From the sensations I felt during the battle, I think that if she got serious she could be equivalent to a top ranking dragon, or perhaps her true power is even beyond that. Compared to the other reincarnators I know, her fighting strength is different by a whole order of magnitude. Clearly Ariel has trained her in the fundamentals of combat. Otherwise, I don’t see how some mere girl could possess such combat ability.

Furthermore, that same mere girl has since been appearing frequently in places all across the world over the last few days, making raids on elf positions. That one mere girl, just by herself, has destroyed elf positions across the world, and whittled away the personnel. To think that it wasn’t only elf positions in the demon territories that was smashed, but even ones in the human territories – I can only describe it as a miscalculation. I don’t even have the slightest idea how they were located.

The combat ability of that girl vampire, is not something that ordinary elves can handle. To kill that, there’s probably no option except to deploy the anti-magic model Gloria. Or otherwise use the anti-god Gloria in the elf village. I certainly don’t intend to use that on some mere girl though.

Besides, there’s not just that girl vampire, but there’s probably some other troublesome individuals around. The one who deduced the location of the elf positions. The one with a high level in Space Magic, based on the fact that they’re teleporting instantly around the world. At least, there is someone with those two abilities. I expect that this girl called Shiro is involved, but I don’t have any proof of that. The worst case scenario, would be that all those abilities are possessed by that girl vampire, but even though she is a reincarnator, it is hard to consider that a single person could have so many different abilities. Either way, even with what she has shown so far there’s no mistaking that she is a nuisance.

I regret not being able to kill her as a baby. Also, seeing the possibilities that reincarnators have, I have confidence that my choice wasn’t wrong. As I thought, reincarnators are the embodiment of possibilities. A strange existence that contradicts the common sense of this world. If I can have that, then I……

If nothing else, this is surely a declaration of war from Ariel. If only she had kept quiet until her life span had ran out, she would have died an easy death. Does that mere girl seriously think she can beat me just because she’s gotten somewhat strong due to the assistance of the System? How ludicrous. Both now and in the past, the only ones I fear are the gods. And there’s now only one god left remaining on this planet. If I can finally get rid of Gyuriedistodiez, all that would be left is the practically dead Sariel.

If it comes to pass that Ariel invades the elf village, then she’ll be exterminated. There’s many anti-Gyuriedistodiez weapons that have been developed. It may be going somewhat overboard to use them against that mere girl, but I can consider it to be some break-in testing before the main event.

「Prepare a thorough inspection of every Gloria model. Make sure they’re ready to be used at any time.」

「Yessir!」

Now then, be prepared to receive recompense for doing whatever you like outside.

Sorry bud, that whitey is a god, okay.

Translation notes:

“Po-no-ji” – written ポの字 this is a rather unusual way to turn Potimas’s name into a nickname. Shortening someone’s name to just one character (normally one kanji character for Japanese names) and adding の字 (letter of) is something you might see in an old style yakuza story. Though it seems this style has had some broader use in the internet age and ポの字 seems to have some reference to Pokemon, for example. Anyway, just think of it as the author being playful with Potimas’s name.

“Girl vampire” – the term Shiro uses to refer to Sophia is 吸血っ子 (kyuuketsukko), short for 吸血鬼の子 (kyuuketsuki no ko), which is a bit like saying “vamp-girl” or “vamp-child”. While Potimas refers to her as 吸血鬼の娘 (kyuuketsuki no musume) which is more literally “vampire girl” or “vampire young lady”. To help distinguish the terms I used “girl vampire” instead for Potimas.

“Gloria” – this pretty much a direct phonetic translation. Whether there’s any deeper meaning is hard to say. The “anti-magic model Gloria” is probably the type that Shiro faced just before her apotheosis.

The line at the end is from the author, lightly mocking Potimas.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter blood-34: Not so much war, as terrorism
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Blood 34 – Not so much war, as terrorism

After several days of the mass murder tour together with goshujin-sama, it was finally over. I’m worn out. All I want to do right now is sleep. During the tour I wasn’t able to sleep even once in the end.

I was suddenly taken away without the least explanation, spending every day conducting raids on the positions of some organisation from somewhere, just doing what I was told. At first I didn’t even know what kind of organisation it was – not even that. Well, I don’t know what that says about me who would just readily raid places as told without any explanation though. Part-way through I found out that it was an organisation of elves and their collaborators, after which I became more proactive about it.

However, despite not having explained such a fundamental point she gave me all these detailed instructions when on-site, giving me dos and don’ts. Like, at this position kill everyone without letting a single one escape. Or like, just let this one person escape. Or like, don’t let any unrelated humans witness it. For all that, all goshujin-sama did was deliver me on-site, and apart from that she didn’t even lift a finger to help. My status values might have risen but I’m too worn out to care.

I’m sure that she wouldn’t have explained even if I’d asked anyway, but I’m sure there was some reason behind those detailed instructions as well. Since this is goshujin-sama we’re talking about, I’m sure the reason would be something inconceivable to me but I wish she would explain things a bit more. Like, desperately.

While it feels like we went to all sorts of places, it’s not like I was able to do some leisurely sightseeing or anything. We arrived by teleportation, then went to a restaurant, then made a raid on the elf position. That was all each time. When one place was done we immediately teleported to the next place. Despite having the chance to come to some unfamiliar lands, why is it that the only sightseeing-like activity was food? I also find it dubious that having food every time was the only thing she wouldn’t miss out on.

Thanks to that I got stuck with having to accompany her despite my stomach being full. I wonder how many times I’ve eaten in a single day? I gained some skill called Overeating anyway. Maybe it’s just my imagination but the girth of my stomach is a bit…… Let’s cut down on the size of my meals for a while.

While thinking such things, I headed for my private room at the Demon King’s Castle. After I graduated from the academy, I was granted a private room within the Demon King’s Castle. I somehow feel like my place of refuge has been taken from me. While heading down a corridor towards that private room, I unexpectedly met Felmina.

「Oh my?」

Well, putting aside meeting with her, I wonder if she’s okay? It seems like there’s heavy shadows under her eyes at least, and her skin tone is obviously pale you know. Her back is still straight though, so I wonder if that’s her dignity as an ex-noble. While her physical condition is obviously poor, I wonder if I should admire her resolute manner despite her being an enemy, or something?

「Hey, are you okay?」

「That is no concern of yours.」

Here I am taking this rare chance to show concern for her, and she flatly refused me. However, somehow there was a lack of bite in her tone you know.

「Instead of acting tough, why not get some rest?」

「I will rest when I can. Unlike a certain someone, I shall not do something so irresponsible like disappearing during such a hectic time.」

That “certain someone”, is perhaps referring to goshujin-sama? Or instead, does she mean me?

「Is that, about goshujin-sama? Or me instead?」

「Both of you.」

She declared that with a resentful tone. Well, of course. The general who should be dealing with the aftermath of the war vanished after all. That responsibility was then entirely shifted onto Felmina.

「Where have you been until now?」

「Goshujin-sama took me out, to various places.」

I’m not particularly trying to dodge the issue, as she really did take me out to all sorts of places, not that I have any idea where those places were though. Perhaps Felmina also sensed that I was at a loss, since she didn’t probe deeply.

「Since you have returned, that means goshujin-sama has also returned, right?」

「Yes. She should have.」

「Very well. If you happen to catch sight of goshujin-sama, please tell her to come to the office immediately.」

After breathing a deep sigh, a truly deep sigh, Felmina began to walk off. Seeing her back, I unconsciously called out to her.

「Shall I help?」

Though I said it, I surprised myself. Even though I might be about to collapse, I never expected that I would actually offer to help this girl on my own accord. I guess I’m just that worn out myself. I’m undoubtedly so worn out that I’m unable to make normal decisions huh. That’s right, that’s got to be it.

「Are you quite sane?」

See. Even Felmina is doubting my sanity now.

「Oh my? There I was speaking in good faith you know. You’re so cruel.」

「I am shocked that you even have the concept of good will.」

She really is cruel. Did she have to put it like that?

「Either way, I am fine. I have absolutely no need for the help of someone entirely lacking in competence, with the exception of fighting or being fawned over by men.」

She really, really is cruel! As I thought, I definitely hate her.

「Okay, fine. Then, do your best to overwork yourself to death.」

If we continue this conversation any further it’ll just make us both feel worse anyway, so I’ll take my leave already. I somehow feel that I’m excessively worn out.

The next day, I heard that Felmina really had collapsed from overwork, but it’s not my fault okay. Goshujin-sama is at fault for pushing all the work onto her. It seems that goshujin-sama had to take over from the collapsed Felmina and worked while crying like a baby, but, you reap what you sow you know.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter oni-18: A sea of corpses
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oni 18 – A sea of corpses

I hadn’t expected the aftermath of the battle to be so bad. The basic work is over, and I’m dead tired. I guess it’s due to my status values and skills, but physically the fatigue is not too bad. However, my mental fatigue is staggering.

This is because the work that I am doing, is verify the list of the war dead and to prepare compensation for the bereaved families. The 8th Army that I command, has a considerable number of casualties. More than half of those who died was because I forcibly set them up to attack the enemy army, turning them into a semi-suicide attack. Every time I look at the list of names, it seems like I can hear voices of their bitter resentment towards me.

Additionally, there’s the scenes of the bereaved families clinging to the recovered corpses. To them, I have to speak words of condolences that I don’t feel in my heart. I cannot put my heart into it. I don’t have the right to do so. I drove them to near certain death, so I have to be the cruel commander. By all rights, it should be unforgivable for me to immersed in sentimentality like this.

So that I won’t think about such things, I determinedly set about completing the work in the aftermath of the battle. The fort at the battlefield was destroyed by my owns hands, and because of that there was no longer any strategic value in occupying it. There’s no use in occupying what is now just a pile of rubble. However, the corpses of the casualties from both armies left behind after the battle and the goods and materials inside the fort had to be collected. If they’d been neglected then battlefield looters would have carried it all off. At the time when I had crushed the fort most of those goods and materials were rendered useless, but fortunately there were some stored items that avoided the collapse and were undamaged, so those could be collected.

What was worse than anything, was the retrieval of the corpses. The ones in charge of retrieving the corpses were naturally the survivors of the 8th Army and the recently hired personnel. Most of them were acquaintances with the deceased. There were many occasions when, upon discovering the corpse of an acquaintance, they would stop work and start crying aloud in grief.

Such scenes, were the result of my actions. I was almost lost for words. Nevertheless, I could not simply keep silent.

I heartlessly told the bawling laborers, “stop crying and get working”. Towards those who looked towards me in resentment, I glared back even stronger. Overpowered by that glare, they could only hide their faces in submission.

The members of the 8th Army, are a miss-mash group who never had any kind of relationship with me. From the very beginning, they never had any loyalty towards me at all. Then, after I drove them towards almost certain death and they lost many comrades in arms, that turned into hostility and fear. Into hatred at the irrational deaths. However, they couldn’t oppose me. They were keenly aware of that gloomy conclusion.

Currently, I am the evil general who rules his subordinates with dread. The mere concept of righteousness doesn’t even exist. However, this is the path that I chose. There is no way that I can turn back now.

With a heavy sigh, I get up from the chair in my private room. At this time today, there is a conference of the assembled commanders.

I leave my room, and head towards the conference room. Along the way, I unexpectedly happened to come across Merazofis-san.

「Greetings.」

「Greetings.」

We both exchange a short greeting. Merazofis-san is an attendant of Sophia-san. In addition to that, since I became an army commander, he helped me out with various things as the more senior army commander. He might be a calm person who doesn’t make idle talk, but his mood seems unusually heavy. Most likely he is in a depressed mood for similar reasons to me. His usually pale complexion, looks to be particularly pallid today.

Without pause, we both proceed to the conference room in silence. On opening the door to the conference room and entering, already seated there in a similarly heavy mood is Commander Darado. However, he looks to be markedly more physically fatigued than mentally fatigued. Unlike Merazofis-san and I, Commander Darado is a normal demon. His status values are likewise low. Most likely, on top of the fatigue built up during the war, the aftermath of the battle has piled on even more fatigue.

「Hrm. Merazofis-dono and Wrath-dono huh.」

His voice also lacks his normal vigor. It seems he is considerably fatigued.

「Thanks for all your efforts.」

I unconsciously said that.

「Hrm-m. I presume I look fatigued then?」

「Indeed, considerably so.」

There was no need to deceive him, so I spoke my honest impressions.

「I am very much ashamed. I was defeated during what should have been my chance to shine, my shame exposed during the aftermath. My confidence has been shattered from everything.」

Commander Darado makes a feeble smile. Then, with convenient timing, Commander Kogou enters the room. The giant commander, perhaps sensing the mood inside the room, takes a seat while making suspicious nervous actions. Commander Kogou looks unwell. I guess that he’s more or less exhausted from hard work.

I also take my own seat and wait for the conference to start. After waiting a short while, Shiro-san entered the room. It might just be my imagination, but when she entered the room it seemed like she looked at Commander Kogou. Shiro-san’s eyes are closed, so it’s hard to tell what she’s looking at though.

「Hiya. I guess you’re all here huh.」

While my eyes were caught by Shiro-san, Ariel-san had entered the room before I noticed. Not all the commanders are present, so probably the remainder are absent. Apart from that, Balto-san who is standing next to Ariel-san has a terrible looking expression. He looks so deathly pale that he might die at any time – is he going to be okay?

「Everyone, thanks for all your hard work dealing with the aftermath of the war. So, I feel bad for saying this when you’re so tired, but I still have much more work for you all okay. In preparation for the next battle, I want to hasten the reorganisation of the army.」

Nobody showed it on their faces, but I’m sure we all had the same thought: “Give us a break!”

Now on sale – Demon King black canned coffee!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 281: Shall I tear them off?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

281 – Shall I tear them off?

Once the conference was over, the completely exhausted army commanders sluggishly left the room. The only one in high spirits was the Demon King. Since even oni-kun has the look of fatigue on his face, it must be substantial huh. I mean, is Balto going to be okay, like that? His face has the shadow of death on it though.

During the conference, though each army will be hastily unified it was decided that the armies already with sufficient numbers would be consolidated. During this meeting Kuno and boobian didn’t participate, but since their armies didn’t receive any damage in the first place they weren’t called because there was no need to reorganise their armies. Or rather, since the boobian has made camp near the fort under the pretext of monitoring the monkeys that she herself instigated, they’re not going anywhere soon anyway. Maybe she would have refused to budge unless she was compelled to come to the conference.

The details of the reorganisation are: the survivors of the 6th Army that was lead by the shota will be merged into the 5th Army. The 7th Army that was lead by the hoodlum will be merged into the 3rd Army. Mera’s 4th Army and oni-kun’s 8th Army will be left as is. That sort of thing.

Mera’s army and oni-kun’s army will also be taken along when the time comes to capture the elf village. While it could be arranged for them to move together, rather than hastily reorganising them, it seems that it was determined that it would be better to let them each do their own thing. Since the plan is for the 5th Army that the mock-samurai leads will remain to defend the demon territories, their numbers will be replenished. Likewise, since the 3rd Army that the idiot giant leads will also be defending, it was readily decided to augment their numbers. Though there will certainly be some minor adjustments, that’s the general idea.

So in short, the armies that will participate in the raid on the elf village won’t reorganise. The defence side will be reorganised and their forces replenished.

Normally you’d do it the other way around I’d think, but to be blunt the soldiers are merely there to make up the numbers, and so long as their bosses are there it doesn’t matter either way. The only ones truly considered to be a meaningful force, are Mera and oni-kun alone. The rest are basically disposable pawns who wouldn’t be missed if they died. The gulf in status sure is a cruel eh.

Now then, I’m sure that the other armies are about to get busy with drawing up lists etc for the changes in personnel, but my 10th Army can carry on without any changes, so I’ll have some free time. Felmina-chan has already recovered, so it’s fine to leave the administration to her. Which is why I’m going to go out for a bit.

I rouse vampire girl, who’s been living in idleness, from her bed and forcibly haul her along.

「Ah. It’s this again huh. I’m being abducted without any explanation again huh.」

It somehow seemed like vampire girl was being strangely philosophical, but ignore it, ignore it. I teleport while still holding onto vampire girl. At the point where I teleport to, there’s a monkey right in front of us.

「Eh?」

Vampire girl is likewise directly facing the monkey.

「Exterminate every last one of them okay.」

「Eh?」

I teleport right away, leaving vampire girl behind. It somehow feels like I heard a shout of “Hey-y!?”, but I’m sure it’s just my imagination.

The monkeys occupying the fort were starting to become a nuisance, so I decided to have them cleaned up. No big deal, whether there’s 10,000 or 100,000 monkeys, vampire girl will win easy-peasy. Anyhow, once she’s killed one the rest will come at her of their own accord anyway, so there’s no way they’ll get away. She won’t be able to escape either though.

I had intended to deal with the monkeys in due course, but the reason why I chose to do it with this particular timing is because the boobian of the 2nd Army has been seen making suspicious moves. Or rather, she’s totally been in contact with those fucking elves. Who’d have thought that immediately after their positions all around the world had been crushed that they would attempt to get in contact with the leaders of the demon armies. Furthermore, that boobian willingly jumped on board as well. It seems that all the nutrients have gone to her breasts after all, leaving her head empty. Given the same proposition, the idiot giant reserved judgement so it seems that he still has something inside his head. I’m sorry I called you an idiot. Although, he’s still an idiot for not rejecting it immediately.

The ones the elves attempted contact with were the boobian of the 2nd Army and the idiot giant of the 3rd Army. “At this rate you will ground down by the Demon King you know? Why don’t you cooperate with the elves and make a surprise attack on the Demon King, hmm?” Given that proposition, the boobian unhesitatingly assented. What a fool. The idiot giant chose to reserve judgement after much hesitation. However, based on his manner he was certainly considerably tempted. Most likely, once he’s induced by the boobian he’ll join for certain. What an idiot.

「What’s the situation?」

「Reporting. The anogratch inside the fort have suddenly started making an uproar. Currently there is no indication that they will leave the fort though. We do not know what is occurring.」

The boobian receives a report from a soldier who was standing guard on the fort. I’m soundlessly standing next to her.

「There is nothing to fear.」

「Yeek!?」

Maybe it’s because I suddenly called out to them, as the boobian and the soldier who came to report both raise their voices in surprise. I’d rather you not make that reaction like you’d seen a ghost.

「The forces of the 10th Army are working to liberate the fortress.」

「Say what?」

The boobian asks me to repeat myself in a tone of disbelief. However, I have no intention of repeating the same explanation.

「Until the work is complete I suggest that you wait here.」

Saying so, I retreive a chair from another dimension and make myself at home. In addition I take out a table, and place some snacks and drinks on top. From the fort in the distance, the sounds of a violent battle reverberate. Do your best vampire girl. While I observe you doing your best I’ll treat myself to an elegant tea break. Ah, that reminds me.

「As soon as the extermination is complete, the 2nd Army will occupy the fort. It’s going to get busy here I’m sure.」

I whisper that to the boobian, who is still in a daze. Once the army occupies the fort, they won’t be able to abandon that duty. It’s possible that the humans will come to regain it, meaning that their forces must be kept there. Which means, that they can’t do something like cooperate with the elves and march to the demon territory. They won’t have any spare time to do so.

Now then. The current situation is that the trusted retainer of the Demon King is defenselessly exposing herself right now, but will the boobian make a move on her I wonder? I wouldn’t expect her to be that much of a fool, but I’ve laid out this trap just in case. If she goes for it then the head of the 2nd Army will be significantly altered. I’ll tear off those boobs before her head though.

Chest girth rankings:

1st place: Mother (Queen Taratekt)

That chest girth, is a prodigious threat. It’s not something that any human can beat! Flee, run away!

2nd place: Clevea (Shun’s maid)

Not so much her breasts, as muscle.

3rd place: Sanatoria

She’s not called boobian for nothing. They might get torn off though.

Reverse rankings:

3rd place: Sue

“Ugh!”

2nd place: Demon King

As a loli-babaa, there was no other alternative.

1st place: Sensei

“It’s only because my growth rate is slow! I have hopes for the future!”

Yet, the elves have the standard pattern of having small breasts.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282: I'll tear them off
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

282 – I’ll tear them off

In the end, the boobian didn’t attempt to make a move on me before vampire girl finished exterminating the monkeys. It seems that even she could sense that it wouldn’t be a smart move to start a fight with a close associate of the Demon King with such timing. Going one step beyond that, given that the 10th Army are rumoured to be a force specialising in intelligence, it would be good if she understood the significance of their commander coming alone to visit her, but I wonder. It should be implicitly saying “what you’re up to is being leaked” though. Well, I don’t know whether or not she understood to that extent, but maybe I should get her to send out some monkey extermination reinforcements? I almost asked that, but it seems she intends to behave for now. Incidentally, I gave up on the reinforcements. After all, if the reinforcements are done badly then they’d just suffer damage anyway. Vampire girl would gain less experience as well.

Once vampire girl has finished the monkey extermination, I’ll inform the boobian of that and leave the cleaning up of the fort to her. The fort is becoming full of monkey corpses anyway. Cleaning that up will be a major pain. If it was me I’d be able to toss them all into another dimension though, but after I weighed up the options of gaining some food versus forcing some work onto the 2nd Army, I decided to give up on the food and and have the 2nd Army work hard. After this the members of the 2nd Army will be required to work hard on tidying up the corpses of the monkeys, clean up the fort and then occupy it. Work is on the increase! Yet, it’s with the pattern that a bonus won’t be paid.

I teleport ahead to the fort, collecting vampire girl who has been covered in monkey blood. It somehow seems that her eyes have become like that of a dead fish, but I’m sure she’s okay. First of all, I tossed her into the baths at the Demon King’s Castle. I’ve got my own cleaning up to do huh.

「And that’s what happened.」

「Okay. I had wanted you to report such things properly though.」

It’s been several days since the vampire girl enabled monkey extermination operation was carried out. I received a summons from the Demon King for some reason, and an explanation was demanded for the monkey extermination operation.

「Say, Shiro-chan. Just when did this happen again?」

「A little while ago.」

「It was a long while ago! Why did you keep quiet about that!? Put yourself in my place – I suddenly received a report of the results of an order I don’t remember giving! Consider my feelings of having to keep a poker face while saying “sorry for the trouble” over something I have no clue about!」

「Did you actually say “sorry for the trouble”?」

「I didn’t actually.」

It seems that the boobian came to the castle to report to the Demon King about the monkey extermination battle and what happened after that. It seems she decided that since the monkeys are gone, that she couldn’t keep using the excuse of “I’m stuck with doing this so I can’t come to report” forever. It appears that they’ve mostly finished incinerating the corpses of the monkeys, and that the fort has just about recovered enough to be habitable.

「So? Shiro-chan, from your point of view, what’s the likelihood of that woman resorting to violence?」

「If she believes that she doesn’t have a good chance of winning then she won’t move to action. Even without that, if we can keep putting pressure onto her, then I think she’ll put it off with the excuse that the time isn’t right yet.」

That boobian is a piddling and extreme coward. She won’t fight without a good chance of winning, and because she’s a coward she will slink back and stop taking action with just a mere hint that she’s being monitored. To be blunt, it’s enough to only take half-measures against her. In practice, just by making inspection-like quick visits on her, she’s become unable to sleep day or night. She’s just too gutless.

「Umm, well if a big gun who is capable of killing the Hero keeps teleporting in for surprise inspections day and night, then of course she couldn’t get any sleep.」

Yeah, but if I specified the times in advance then it wouldn’t be a surprise would it. If I teleport then she’s not able to destroy any suspicious evidence from before I moved either. Well, everything’s being leaked via my clones beforehand anyway though.

Currently the boobian isn’t making any particularly suspicious moves, apart from some light contact with the elves. Or rather, it would be more correct to say that she doesn’t have time to. Going further, you could also say that what I’m doing is just killing time though.

「Sigh. Well, whatever. For now, the next time you do anything report it properly. “Reporting, communicating and consulting” is important. Got it?」

The Demon King emphasises the last part a bit, so I have no choice but to nod my head. Dammit. The NEET is acting like a company president. Spouting shit like a proper member of society and all.

「Okay, next is some good news! Shiro-chan, that special something is due to arrive today.」

The Demon King makes a rotten muhaha laugh. That special something is perhaps!?

「Yo, you don’t mean!?」

「I mean exactly that. The finest kurikuta set!」

「Oooohh!」

I clap my hands for no particular reason. The finest kurikuta set, is the sweets that I had requested from the Demon King. The kurikuta is a comparatively commonplace fruit. However, unlike common kurikuta, the finest kurikuta is the king amongst kurikuta, a specially selected variety with a chosen environment and fertiliser. Because of that it’s a high-class item with limited production output, to the extent that even the Demon King can’t easily get hold of them.

「This ain’t the time to be hanging around! Let’s go!」

「Aye! I’ll follow you anywhere, anego!」

After the Demon King rushed out from the room in a somewhat incomprehensible mood, I chased after her in a similarly strange mood. The place that we’re heading for is the delivery entrance for goods. On arriving in high spirits, it appears that Balto is fortunately here already, processing the confirmation of the imported goods.

「Oh-ho? If it isn’t Balto. What’s up?」

The Demon King cheerfully addresses Balto. On the moment when he turns around to face her, I don’t fail to notice that a flash of tension runs through Balto’s body. Rather than it being because he’s guiltily trying to conceal something, I believe it’s because he’s genuinely afraid of the Demon King.

「Hey there. You sure are labouring hard eh. Keep up the good work.」

「If you think so then please lend a hand.」

「But I refuse.」

The Demon King laughs mockingly at the worn out looking Balto. Thinking that it wouldn’t be right to waste any more of Balto’s precious time with pointless chatter, I pull on the Demon King’s sleeve to prompt her to get down to business. It’s all because I’m worried about Balto’s welfare, and absolutely not because I want to quickly get hold of the finest kurikuta. Definitely not, okay?

「Oh, that’s right. Balto, was the package delivered?」

「A package? If you are referring to the imported goods then that was completed just now though.」

「Ooh! Shiro-chan, this ain’t the time to be hanging around! Balto, among those was a package for me, yeah?」

「Eh?」

「Eh?」

Hm? Somehow, I got a bad feeling.

「Incidentally, what are the contents?」

「The finest kurikuta set.」

「Ah.」

Towards the Demon King’s inquiry, Balto makes an uncharacteristically dumb-sounding raised voice. It appears that he happens to know something.

「Ahh? It was there, right? So, where is it now?」

In response to the Demon King’s cross-examination, the poker face that Balto normally keeps up turns into an uneasy expression. Is it just me who has somehow gotten a horrible premonition?

「Erm, I passed them on to Sanatoria.」

「Why!?」

「I apologise. Since Sanatoria has always enjoyed eating kurikuta fruit, I mistook them for being hers.」

「Say…… what……?」

The instant I heard that, I broke into a run. Also leaving the Demon King behind, I charged towards my destination. I know where she is. Actually, she’s in a nearby room. Arriving at my destination almost instantaneously, I kick down the door to the room.

「Eh!? What!?」

On kicking down the door the first thing that I catch sight of… is an empty plate. With my keen sense of smell, I catch the faint sweet fragrance still remaining. Secondly, there is an empty box that apparently had contained something.

「Ah, ahh……」

I… just… can’t… believe… it…

「Uhhnn…」

「Shiro-chan-n!?」

It was just so much of a shock, that I lost consciousness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 282.2: Flat Chest
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

I evacuate while carrying the unconscious Shiro-chan over my shoulder. It’s not in the sense that I’m evacuating Shiro-chan herself, but in the sense that I’m evacuating Shiro-chan from that woman commander of the 2nd Army. Once Shiro-chan regains her consciousness, she might impulsively kill on sight. Grudges over food are dreadful!

Somehow or other I manage to return to the office before Shiro-chan regains her consciousness. Phew. That was a close shave. If Shiro-chan had thrown a tantrum, it would have resulted in the deaths of three of demon leaders in the worst case. I don’t care about the commanders of the 2nd and 3rd Armies, but it would be bad if Balto died.

The 2nd Army commander and the 3rd Army commander have some kind of relationship with the elves, and appear to have been having a discussion on starting a coup d’état. They’re also inviting Balto.

How careless. They’re in the home territory of their enemy, yet they’re actually speaking so openly. They’re underestimating me way too much.

Within the Demon King’s Castle, my threads have been laid out thoroughly. Through those threads, I am able to pick up sounds from every location in the Demon King’s Castle. Both when the 2nd Army commander invited Balto, and when they disclosed the plan to kill me, that was clearly audible to me.

「I heard it, I heard it all. Those elves eh. They’re getting rather annoying.」

Thanks to Shiro-chan assertively crushing them, the elves are in the process of losing their foundation for doing whatever they like in the outside world. However, they’re still the same eyesore that they’ve always been. If a group amongst the demons are showing signs of unrest, then they’re probably thinking that they gotta move their plan along quickly huh.

While thinking that, the door reverberates from a knock.

「Go ahead.」

「Excuse me.」

The one who opened the door was Balto, just as I had thought. After refusing the invitation from the 2nd Army commander, it seems that he came here immediately.

「Hmm? Did you need something?」

Though I can pretty much guess what he wants to say, I purposefully make that inquiry. After blinking his eyes several times in hesitation, he resolves himself and opens his mouth to speak.

「I have come to plead for clemency.」

A side of my mouth curls up. From Balto’s point of view, it undoubtedly looks like a cruel smile I’m sure.

「What might you be referring to, hmm? Ahh! You mean making a mistake with the kurikuta and handing them over the the 2nd Army commander? If that’s the case then could you say that to Shiro-chan instead of me perhaps? Those were something that I had requested for Shiro-chan after all.」

Although I know what Balto wants to say, I purposefully dodge the subject.

「Grudges over food can be dreadful you know. Unless you make a wholehearted apology she might not forgive you, okay? Like seriously, for real.」

Though I said it jokingly, part of what I said is no joke at all. If Shiro-chan’s rage is left unchecked then she’s capable of anything.

「Maou-sama.」

「Hmm?」

「Maou-sama, I beg you.」

Balto barely speaks, and simply bows his head. Balto understands. He knows I heard that conversation just now. Even so, he’s pleading for the 2nd Army commander. The reason why he’s not speaking plainly, is probably because he told her that “I’ll pretend I never heard it”, so he’s trying to stay faithful to his own words.

「Balto. We are going to attack the elf village next.」

In deference to Balto’s sincere manner of desperately trying to protect his childhood friend, I reveal the next battlefield. Until now, with the exception of some on Shiro-chan’s side knowing, the next target to attack has been kept secret. When Balto hears it, his eyes open wide.

「I shall also pretend that I never heard it, this time. If I have a request, it’s to hold them back. If you’re unable to hold them back, then I won’t waste my breath arguing and simply crush them. 」

「……Understood.」

「Mm. Withdraw.」

「Excuse me.」

Balto made a deep bow, then left the room. If the 2nd Army and 3rd Army still act rashly after this, then there’s no helping it.

「I’ll tear them off.」

I heard something odd being muttered. Damn, I forgot.

I quickly turned around, and there rising up like a wraith was Shiro-chan. Oh crap. She’s thirsting for blood, yup.

「Shiro-chan! STOP! STOP!」

As Shiro-chan is about to stagger out from the room I cling to her waist, stopping her movement. Just a moment ago I had told Balto that I would be turning a blind eye, yet at this rate Shiro-chan is totally gonna do him in!

「Let go! Let go of me! I’m gonna tear off those heavily laden boobs! I’m gonna eat them instead of the kurikuta!」

Shiro-chan is deranged!

「Shiro-chan! They won’t taste sweet, okay! They won’t taste delicious, okay! I’ll prepare something sweet and delicious another time, okay!」

「Those detestable boobs! That damn boobian!」

Shiro-chan struggles violently. A girl shouldn’t be going “boobs boobs”! Or rather……

「Shiro-chan, you have a nice pair of boobs yourself, right?」

On top of not being able to tell with a glance due to the flat clothes she wears, because she’s the type to look slender in clothing they’re not conspicuous, but Shiro-chan’s are actually quite big, right? In my opinion, while they might fall behind the 2nd Army commander’s, they should still easily exceed the average though, right? In the first place, since my body stopped growing before I reached adulthood, I’ve pretty much got nothing here you know.

「If you want to tear off some so badly, then why don’t you just tear off your own then eh?」

I put more strength into my arms wrapped around Shiro-chan’s waist, squeezing tightly.

「Yeah? Or if not then would it be okay if I tear off yours perhaps?」

I should have the right to do that, shouldn’t I. Big ones are the enemy. In short, Shiro-chan is my worthy enemy. Shiro-chan doesn’t have the right to make a fuss on this matter!

「Umm, well, somehow there is this voice inside me crying out that those bigger than mine are the enemy though.」

Shiro-chan breaks out into a cold sweat.

「Yup. That’s right. Those bigger than mine are the enemy, right. In that case Shiro-chan, are you okay with being my enemy then?」

「NO-O-O!!!」

I switch from grabbing her waist to grabbing her chest, and grasp with all my might. I feel that I have crushed something soft. Evil destroyed.

The secret boob situation

Because of D, there are many reincarnators whose appearance was adjusted to be beautiful, but the breast sizes were adjusted so that they’d likely be less than D’s. Why, you ask? Because it wouldn’t be interesting for her if they grew up to be bigger than D’s own. Consequently, with Shiro having an almost identical appearance to D, there are few reincarnators with even bigger breasts than hers. The two who would win against Shiro are Sophia and, by a narrow margin, Katia. Since they were only adjusted to likely develop smaller, the environment they grew up in and their nutritional balance could allow them to overcome that. In Sophia’s case, since she’s an airhead perhaps all the nutrition went to her chest? (Not necessarily) In Katia’s case, because she was originally male perhaps her female hormones over-compensated as a side-effect? (Not necessarily).

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 283: They were torn off
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

283 – They were torn off

Incomprensible. Though I was going to be the one doing the tearing off, why was mine torn off instead? It’s strange. I feel like I’ve caught a glimpse of a mystery of the world. Therefore, please contain your anger, I’m seriously begging you, Demon King-sama.

It’s that. Talking about breasts in front of the Demon King is taboo. Probably height as well. Since she’s small. Speaking of this amounts to risking one’s life, no doubt. I’m too afraid to speak about it.

Well, whether they’re torn off of whatever, they can be restored easily enough, but the Demon King’s eyes at that time gave me this unfathomable fear. That expression in her eyes somehow feels like something that could come from the pages of a horror manga. Dangerous, dangerous. Those eyes belong to someone who has already killed people. Ah, I’m sure the Demon King had the Human Slaughterer title or similar. For her, killing is normal.

Dammit. I was told by the Demon King not to take revenge upon the boobian, so just how can I vent this rage which has nowhere to go?

「Eeek!?」

Sacrifice located. Today’s sacrifice is the well-known vampire girl-san. Let’s inquire about her current state of mind.

「No monkeys! I don’t want anything to do with monkeys again!」

While screaming about monkeys the moment she saw my face, vampire girl attempts to flee. How damn rude. Don’t think that you can escape from me, okay?

I immediately catch hold of vampire girl as she tries to flee. I seize her by the scruff of the neck, preventing her escape. As she still tries to move her feet despite that, vampire girl gets magnificently bent over.

Hmm. I look down at vampire girl’s body, while she thrashes around with her face forced up. She’s big as well. I’m not going to say where, but she’s certainly bigger than me. Shall I tear them off?

「Eeeeekkk!? What!? What is it!?」

Perhaps she sensed my threatening mood, as vampire girl started crying while struggling. Umm, you’re too old to be crying still. Somehow, doesn’t it seem like she’s regressed to a baby? Is she going to be okay?

「What is occurring here?」

Maybe she heard vampire girl crying and shouting, as Felmina-chan walks in. Because of which, the moment she sees the unsightly state that vampire girl is in, she snorts in amusement. O… kay. It somehow seems like her gaze is totally showering vampire girl with contempt.

「It’s nothing.」

Perhaps her meagre pride was triggered, as she suddenly stands up straight as if her unsightly loss of self-control had never happened. But you know, I still have her by the scruff of the neck after all, so she’s almost in a silly Ina Bauer pose. On seeing that, Felmina-chan has a scornful smile again, and vampire girl’s face instantly turns red. You guys sure get along well huh.

「Erm. What’s with this situation?」

Once again some new guests arrive. Oni-kun and Mera. I thought it was an odd combination for a moment, but come to think of it since the two of them are having to take part in various discussions about the reorganisation of the armies it’s not strange for them to be meeting face to face I guess. Unlike the other armies, Oni-kun’s group and Mera’s group aren’t going through any large-scale replacements, but they still do have some minor adjustments taking place you know.

Having her shameful appearance seen by her attendant Mera, vampire girl struggles violently with her face a bright red. However, I don’t let go of my grip on the scruff of her neck. I’ll enjoy looking at this shameful appearance of vampire girl for a little longer. Ahh, this indescribable foolishness is healing my heart.

「Shiro-sama, ojou-sama is suffering.」

Mera spoke, unable to simply watch. Taking a look at her, her red face is gradually turning pale. Vampire girl is struggling quite seriously after all, so in turn I’ve kinda had to put a decent amount of strength into my grip on her neck. Though I’m gripping her from behind, it seems that I’ve stopped her breathing and her blood circulation.

While I’m sure she won’t die if I continue to keep my grip up, it seems like it could become troublesome so I reluctantly let go. After she suddenly becomes free when her body had been bent like a prawn, naturally vampire girl’s body succumbs to gravity and meets the ground. Since it was head first, she made a pretty decent “thud”. With tears in her eyes, vampire girl is now lying sprawled with her arms and legs outstretched. OMG, this is such fun.

The three people who saw me torment vampire girl, each have their own particular reaction. Despite having an expression that says “serves you right”, Felmina-chan’s cheeks are twitching. It seems like she’s filled with trepidation in her innermost thoughts that maybe one day she herself might be targeted with such treatment. Don’t worry, don’t worry. I won’t do it, I won’t do it. Almost certainly. Probably. Maybe. I think.

Despite being shocked, oni-kun has an expression indicating that he has nothing he can say. However, I can sense a reproachful look towards me in his eyes. Yup, you want to tell me not to do things that people hate, right oni-kun? Don’t worry, don’t worry. With repeated “training”, eventually even bullying can cause feelings of ecstasy, as stated in bondage-type adult games. As for whether is vampire girl is actually an S or an M, I think she’s an M.

Mera might be expressionless but his face is full of affection, as if he is a nursery teacher watching children frolic about. Are you her guardian? Yup, he is. Mera-san, hey Mera-san? This girl has grown up to be quite pitiful, but are you really okay with taking such an indulgent stance? Umm okay, so it was me who forced her into such a shameful scene though.

Vampire girl slowly stands up, dusting down her clothes. After deliberately clearing her throat, she turns around with a straight face.

「Goshujin-sama, when you have some task for me then please call out to me normally.」

What are you spouting off about when you’re the one who tried to run away the instant you saw my face, before I even had a chance to call out to you. It seems she wants to pretend that the shameful scene just now never happened. Well, it was fully witnessed by more than half the people here though.

But still, a task, huh. Actually, a task came up while this little comedy skit was taking place.

I lay a hand on vampire girl’s shoulder. And then, we teleport. Our destination, is Natsume-kun’s location.

「……Goshujin-sama, if you have some task for me then please actually call out to me normally.」

Vampire girl is saying something but I ignore it. On hearing that voice, two people who were originally in this room turn around to face us. One is the owner of this room, Natsume-kun. The other is imouto-chan.

However, there is another person in this room, sitting on a chair. That person is staring into empty space with a vacant expression. That person is Hasebe-san, a candidate for becoming the next Saint.

Yup. They actually made a move on this girl who is under the auspices of the Divine Word Religion. The face of the pope comes to my mind. Another fine mess, perhaps.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter th-info1: The Third Informal Conference 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Third Informal Conference ①

Author’s note: The pope’s point of view.

「To summarise, you are saying that it was due to mismanagement on your side?」

In response to my question, Shiro-sama silently nods her head in assent. I somehow manage to stifle the urge to hold my head in my hands, and glance down at the nearby document. The circumstances of the current incident are written there in detail. As well as what Shiro-sama is trying to achieve with those actions.

For the moment the large-scale invasion by the demons has ended, and right when I was in the middle of processing the aftermath, that document suddenly arrived. I had a bad premonition when it was handed over by Ael, the Puppet Taratekt that Ariel-sama had left here. Then, when I looked at the contents that premonition became real. It was a written report from Shiro-sama. The unexpected contents covered the steps taken to prepare for overthrowing the Anareich Kingdom.

「So like, sorry? This was so unexpected you know. Like, really, seriously.」

Ariel-sama makes apologies while staring somewhere far into the distance. While she has a light tone, I somehow sense that she is genuinely feeling apologetic, or is that just my misunderstanding?

「First of all, we request that the brainwashing is released.」

According to this document, Yurin Uren, who is studying abroad at the Anareich Kingdom academy and who is one of the reincarnators in the service of our Divine Word Religion, along with several other believers dispatched there have been brainwashed in order provide support. The one who did the brainwashing is Prince Yuugo of the Rengzand Empire. Prince Yuugo is working under the control of Shiro-sama, but due to him being left to his own devices, this mistake occurred.

I understood why Shiro-sama had not disclosed the secret agreement between her and the Divine Word Religion to him. For myself as well, this secret agreement has only been told to the few humans that can be trusted. It would be the same for the demons as well, especially for any companions who are not human, moreover the Prince of the Empire. You can never know where this information could leak from and if such a thing ever happened it would cause a situation that cannot be undone.

However, it would be unreasonable to say that what has occurred was merely unfortunate. Although it is outside the scope of the agreement, this is a clear case of the demons conducting an offensive strike against the Divine Word Religion. While the offender might be the Prince of the Empire, since Shiro-sama was acting behind the scenes, that can be considered as an attack from the demons. Even if it was unintentional, this is not something that can be simply settled by sweeping it under the carpet.

「Please allow me to explain.」

The one who spoke, was not Shiro-sama, but the girl sitting next to her. This girl going by the name of Felmina is clearly quite a strong demon. What is odd is that amongst the members on the demon side, she alone is a demon. This single demon seems to have a lowly position amongst the members on their side.

「Firstly, we wish to request that the brainwashing is maintained on Yurin-jou and the other members.」

There is a disturbance amongst the other members in attendance on our side. I quell that by raising a hand, and fix my eyes straight on Felmina-jou. Despite being caught in my gaze, Felmina-jou shows no sign of nervousness on the surface. Assuming that she is probably still young for a demon, that’s some courage she has. Perhaps it is due to her being in frequent contact with high level beings such as Ariel-sama and Shiro-sama?

「May I ask for your reasons?」

Calmly, but forcibly, I place my will in my voice. As if being engulfed in the tension, Felmina-jou swallows once, then began her explanation.

「Before we get to that, there is something we wish to inform you of. Recall that during the recent war that the Hero passed on, and that a new one would be chosen. Regarding that new Hero, according to our investigations we have confirmed him to be the 4th Prince of the Anareich Kingdom, Shurein Zagan Anareich.」

Again, there is a disturbance on our side. I make sure not to show on my face any of the unrest in my innermost thoughts. The demons determined who the new Hero was first, beating the intelligence network of Divine Word Religion. You could say that we were completely defeated in information warfare. Terrifying.

「For him to be appointed as the new Hero was outside of our calculations. We would prefer for the reincarnators to survive, as much as possible. However, as I am sure you are aware, due to the principle of causality the Hero is an existence capable of defeating the Demon King regardless of the difference in strength. Taking that into consideration, we wish to either keep the new Hero as far away from the battlefield as possible, or otherwise it will be necessary for him to die.」

For Ariel-sama who became the Demon King, the Hero is her natural enemy. Considering her unsurpassable status values, if there is any way for Ariel-sama to be beaten, then it could only be either be by a god who is free from the restraints of the System, or the Hero who has the potential to vanquish the Demon King regardless of the difference in status. It could be said that keeping the Hero as far away as possible is to be expected. For the demons who possess an intelligence network that far surpasses our own, I’m sure that it would be a simple matter as soon as the new Hero was discovered. So long as he wasn’t a reincarnator.

For Shiro-sama who is a reincarnator, it appears to be her policy for the other reincarnators to survive as much as possible. If that is so, then she cannot afford to carelessly deal with young Shurein, the new Hero. It would be expected that she would proceed with as gentle methods as possible. On our side as well, we would be reluctant to casually allow a person who can defeat Ariel-sama to simply die. All the more so since he is a reincarnator, a talented person with high status values even before becoming the Hero.

However, I cannot simply accept the excuse from Shiro-sama’s side on blind faith. Before the war began, Ariel-sama stated that she and Shiro-sama would not directly participate in the war. But, considering the actual results, Shiro-sama took actions that were equivalent to killing the Hero Julius. That disproves the statement made here. Perhaps because this is informal, I must consider that any statements made here will not necessarily be completely honoured.

That being the case, just how credible are her words that she wants the reincarnators to survive as much as possible? In the first place, if those words could be believed, then Yurin should have been immediately released from the brainwashing. Since she too is a reincarnator.

「Accordingly, we wish to constrain the actions of Shurein-shi.」

「Hrm. So, how is that related to our brainwashed believers?」

In response to my question, Felmina-jou presented to us another set of documents.

「Indeed. On this occasion, we are requesting that the Divine Word Religion openly provide backup for the Empire, and consequently for Prince Yuugo.」

Written within that document, was a detailed plan for the overthrowing of the Kingdom, and also what is requested of the Divine Word Religion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ss-halloween: SS – Halloween
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SS – Halloween

Author’s note: This short story has no particular relevance to the main story.

「Trick or Treat!」

「What’s with this sudden visit?」

On the day of Halloween, I charged into D’s place. Don’t you know!? Halloween is one of the two days a year when you can beg for sweets okay! Incidentally, the other day is Valentine’s Day. My biological classification is technically female though, so I’m referring to friendship chocolates. Not that I have any friends though!

So, today is Halloween. A day when children can beg adults for sweets – what a wonderful festival. That being the case, I’ve come to beg D for sweets. Because I’m hyped up for this day I’ve even created a witch-girl costume. Witch-girl Kumoko is here in all her glory! Now then, hand over the sweets!

「Here.」

Saying so, what D held out was a single piece of snack food that you could buy for 10 yen. You’re doing it wrong! Okay, I realise that this is certainly as tasty as the name suggests! But surely you have some sweets prepared that are more suitable for this event!

「You might be saying that, but that is all I currently have here.」

Gahhh!

「Since you have gone to all that effort, how about you go buy some sweets like that?」

「Eh? No way!」

If I went out dressed like this I’d stand out way too much you know. Why do I have do that kind of shaming play then?

「In that case, why did you even come dressed like that?」

「Going with the flow.」

I thought that D’s expressionless face is especially scary this time. I can’t tell what she’s thinking at all. I think I have a poker face on the outside, but I don’t think it’s as much as D’s.

After thinking for a short while, D slowly stands up. When she was sitting she was definitely wearing ordinary clothes, yet the moment she stood up her clothes had already changed to match my witch-girl costume. Even if my eyes are made out of seaweed or something, all I can say about the moment she changed her clothes is that something-or-other happened.

「Well, shall we get going?」

「Go… where…?」

「Outside of course.」

「Why… would… we… do… that…?」

「Because that looks to be more interesting.」

Without resistance, I was dragged out to a cosplay festival venue. I’ll just say that twin witch-girls were very popular. I’m worn out…… Today’s lesson: nothing good will come of carelessly involving D in events.

Translation notes:

“My biological classification is technically female” – I guess you should take this to imply that Shiro doesn’t consider herself to be “feminine”.

“friendship chocolates” – In Japan, Valentine’s Day is basically a day when the girls give chocolate to various people: family, friends, colleagues, and also love interests.

10 yen – about 10 cents / pence. Ie pretty much the cheapest an item for sale can be.

“shaming play” – S&M terminology. In this case, the type where the person goes out in public wearing something embarrassing.

“Go… where…?” – Shiro speaks this line (and the next) in an unusually polite and also halting voice (as if she’s scared).

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter angry-oni: Angry Oni
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Angry Oni

The conference that began today hasn’t yet ended after one day, with slow progress made on various detailed adjustments to the plan, the discussion stretched out over the entire day. Compared to the second conference which was little more than a face-to-face meeting, the conference this time began the real work on preparing all the steps so I guess you could say it was natural. In addition, the Divine Word Religion was also being forced to collaborate in an area that hadn’t originally been planned, so there were many things to discuss.

The detailed schedule for overthrowing the Kingdom. Seizing hold of the Empire. Laying the groundwork for the other countries. The plans for the march towards the elf village. Devising the means for the demons to be invited into the human territories. The plans for the march towards the elf village for the demons. Once the discussion started on the details it was endless.

Eventually the conference continued until nightfall. The Divine Word Religion treated us to dinner, and even prepared rooms for us so that we were able to have accommodations. If I asked Shiro-san I would be able to return to the demon territories, but it seems that everyone felt like staying over today.

I took a break in the room that lent to me. Before I went to sleep, I wanted to be able to focus on creating magic swords until I used up all my MP.

「Sasa-ya-a-a-n! You still up?」

Just when I completed the first magic sword, there was a knock on the door and at the same time Kusama’s voice rang out.

「Yeah I’m still up. Also, didn’t I tell you to call me Wrath?」

While opening the door, I warned him.

「Sorry, sorry.」

Kusama came into the room without looking the least bit shy. While sighing to myself, I closed the door. Kusama is carrying some sweets and drinks in both hands, so it’s clear that he’s fully intending to stay for a while. With this, I’ll have to give up on being able to create any more magic swords.

「Oh? This is a magic sword?」

The sharp sighted Kusama spotted the magic sword that I’d just created.

「That’s right.」

「Hey hey, Sasa-, Wrath, your skill has gotta be about creating magic swords or something like that right?」

「Yeah.」

Kusama asked with his eyes sparkling, and I responded with an affirmation. It’s likely that I was investigated when I was a rampaging ogre in the human territories in the past. That’s why I introduced myself in a way that conveyed that. And also, based on the documents from that time, I’m sure that they could make a rough guess as to what my particular skill was like.

「What’s your skill, Kusama?」

「Me? With my “Ninja” skill, I can use shadow clones and ninja arts and the like.」

I figured it was a long shot to ask, but Kusama readily disclosed his own skill. Ahh, yeah, Kusama was the type who couldn’t keep a secret after all. Most likely, he doesn’t even recognise that it would be better to keep his skill a secret.

「That sounds handy.」

「Well, it’s handy in it’s own way, but I’m more attracted by magic swords. You can’t create magic swords without using ingredients from extremely strong monsters, right? That’s why they’re crazy valuable.」

Is that so? Since I can create them so long as I have MP, I don’t have any sense of them being valuable. They feel disposable to me.

「Hey, hey. Is there any chance, perhaps, that maybe you could create one for me?」

In response to Kusama’s begging, I gave the okay after thinking about it for a bit. The reason why I had thought about it for a moment, was that I had misgivings that if I make too many magic swords then the market could collapse. However, I recalled that I had mass produced them at Shiro-san’s request for equipping her 10th Army with magic swords. Thinking that it’s a bit too late to be worrying about that, I decided to accept Kusama’s request.

After asking what kind of weapon would be good, I began the creation process. Kusama watched that with great interest. Thus I created them – a pair of short swords. Since he’s a ninja, I added the effect of the darkness attribute to go with it. That might not match Kusama’s own image though. I named them Saku and Mochi.

「Wahoo! Thank you! I’ll take real good care of them!」

「That’s fine, but please use them properly okay? If you don’t use them, then it’s a waste of talent.」

「Sure, sure.」

I handed over Saku and Mochi, and Kusama looked at them with a broad grin. It’s the reaction of a child receiving a new toy. Since he’s so happy about it, it means it was worthwhile creating them. I go through the sweets that Kusama brought, while waiting for him to have had enough of the swords.

「Sasa-yan, do you feel a bit better now?」

Kusama just casually asks that. He asked that completely out of nowhere, but I don’t need to ask why he asked such a question though. Since my bad mood can easily be understood when seen from the side.

「I guess so. It was a bit of a change of pace.」

With the conversation with Kusama, I think my frayed feelings have calmed down a bit. It really is just a little bit though, since there’s no resolution at a fundamental level. This irritation which is coiled up within my chest with no way to let it out, is probably not going to clear away any time soon.

「Sasa-yan, why are you in such a bad mood? I might not be reliable, but you could at least consult with me, okay?」

In response to Kusama’s atypical serious voice, I realise that I must be in an extremely bad state. Even if I talk to Kusama about it, it surely won’t resolve the problem. However, thinking that it might divert my mood, I started to tell the truth bit by bit.

When I first heard about this plan from Shiro-san, the very first thing that came to mind was an indescribable discomfort. A visceral feeling of disgust that couldn’t be explained with words. What that was, was the repugnance I felt towards the method of using brainwashing.

Brainwashing was what caused me to gain the Wrath skill. It’s a despicable method that I hate more than anything else. Yet that is what Shiro-san is using without any hesitation. She’s already using it. Natsume is brainwashing people one after the other, while he himself is completely unaware that he’s been brainwashed by Shiro-san. I can’t laugh it off.

If it really is necessary, then even I might be able to endure it. However, the recent incident was unexpected even for Shiro-san – it was done “inadvertently”. People fell into disaster, “inadvertently”.

Brainwashing, both for those affected by it and those around them, is a disaster. I killed my little sister by own hands when brainwashed. My brainwashed elder brother was led to perform similar atrocities. When I saw that, I remember being so angry that my vision went completely red.

In this situation, the brainwashed Hasebe-san will surely fall into disaster. In addition, Shun as well after he’s betrayed by Hasebe-san.

I am in the position of supporting that. Actually, rather than supporting, it might be more accurate to say that I’m in the position of leading that. Although I hadn’t know about this situation, I had chosen to support Shiro-san. And that choice has already reached the stage where it cannot be reversed. At this late stage, just because I could evade responsibility for the current brainwashing issue, I can’t stop the plan going forwards at all.

I am about to do things that are as atrocious as what those brainwashed are about to do, or maybe even more so. Beyond this point, no matter what reason I may have, those actions will simply be evil to the victims. I am, evil.

To be like that makes me feel nauseous. Even so, I can’t stop. I don’t even think of stopping. I mustn’t think about it.

「I don’t think you have to take it that seriously though. Whether you’re “good” or “evil”, at the end of the day doesn’t it just depend on your standpoint? In that case, you just gotta keep faith that your standpoint is a “good” one.」

Kusama’s thoughts on hearing my story, were so straightforward that they were dazzling. I’m jealous of you for being able to say it like that.

Either way, this is not something that can be stopped with my personal feelings. In that case, I can only press on until the bitter end. Even if it is something evil, I will help Shiro-san until the very end. Yes, until I die.

Kusama「Kaiten Kenbu Rokuren!」

Oni「Don’t do that inside the room, idiot.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter insane-oni: The joy of late night conversations.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The joy of late night conversations.

A little pre-translation note: It’s probably better to consider this chapter and the to be more like side chapters or background chapters around the main story. This particular chapter is from the pope’s point of view though I’ll leave it to the reader to decide whether the title is referring to him or not.

Insane Oni

It’s the dead of night. As I possess the Sleep Nullity skill, I don’t require sleep. However, that doesn’t mean that I have no need of sleep at all, but just that there’s no negative side-effects as a result of not sleeping. The fatigue accumulated while awake does not vanish. The most suitable method to recover from fatigue is to sleep, so in the end, despite acquiring Sleep Nullity, I still can’t avoid sleeping entirely. With the Sleep Nullity skill it is theoretically possible that going one’s whole life without sleeping would not cause any problems, but that would only be possible for someone with sufficiently high enough status values such that fatigue is negligible, and on top of that someone who is rather strange is some respects. While physical fatigue can be papered over with sufficiently high status values, there’s nothing that can be done about mental fatigue. For a person to be able to continue to disregard that and still be active, they surely could not be said to be someone with a normal mentality.

「Like me then.」

「Indeed. That remark is certainly persuasive.」

In the dead of night, a time when there’s usually nobody else but me in the office, there was still a voice that responds to my voice. A fraction of the light that is illuminating the documents near my hands is also reaching the other party, revealing a young man with a pallid face. His appearance might be youthful, but he has a mature ambiance. However, he doesn’t seem to actually be elderly either. When a person has evolved from a demon or monster, their appearance and their true age does not necessarily match, but I’m sure that the true age of the young man in front of me is not particularly high. Despite that, he possesses the dignified presence of someone who has been alive for over a century. To think that there was still someone like this hidden on the demon’s side – I can’t help but be surprised by their depth of talent.

The man’s name is Merazofis. Sensing that I was continuing to work without sleep in spite of it being the dead of night, he said he came to check up on me. I might be treating him as a guest currently, but normally we would be mutual enemies. Because of such things I had arranged for the lodgings of the demon members to be in a partly isolated location, but I guess I shouldn’t be too surprised that it wasn’t that effective in practice. Considering how openly he went roaming around, the precautions have become absurd. There’s virtually no meaning to taking precautions anyway. So long as Ariel-sama and Shiro-sama are around, it’s probably meaningless no matter how many precautions we take. Because they have the strength to overcome every precaution we could take. And most likely, the man in front of me as well.

Without glancing at the man I continue to work my hands. Signing documents, or possibly writing down corrections. While doing that work, I exchanged idle talk with Merazofis-dono. The conversation began from an inquiry at the start as to whether I’m okay without sleep, then it changed into a discussion about the abnormalities of those people who use the Sleep Nullity skill before I noticed. That was the conversation just now.

「In your eyes, do I seem abnormal perhaps?」

「Indeed. At the least, it cannot be considered normal. While I am slightly curious as to what has driven you to go to such lengths, I shall refrain from finding out.」

Saying so, Merazofis-dono turned his back towards me. It seems the conversation ends here. It really was brief. Perhaps it was out of consideration to not interfere with my work, but I wouldn’t have expected the conversation to be over so soon.

「May I enquire as to why you won’t try to find out?」

Perhaps that’s why I called out to him as he was leaving. Amongst the members on the demons side, there’s many enigmatic ones whose intentions cannot be figured out even by me. This man is also one who I cannot comprehend. Perhaps it was because I was in a state of mind of wanting to learn even a little bit more about him that I attempted to prolong the conversation.

「Because I think it is ojou-sama who should find out about you.」

Ahh. The answer I got back, was more than sufficient to understand this man. That this man is also another one who is not normal.

「I see. I understand you perfectly.」

Without intending to, I couldn’t help muttering that. The man bowed and left the room. The refinement of those movements would be suitable for an attendant of a high class noble. In reality he is an attendant serving the person he referred to as ojou-sama.

I open a drawer in the desk, and take out a certain document from there. The document for the detailed investigation on the Keren household. I leaf through the document, and locate the entry I was looking for. Recorded there is the name of the attendant who served Lady Keren since childhood. The name of Merazofis.

Amongst all the attendants of the Keren household, he was particularly valued, the person who was trusted in all respects by the lord. His personality was serious and sincere. Despite that, he was not an overly straight-laced person and it seems he was thought of fondly by his colleagues. In that regard he doesn’t any different now.

However, while he might not seem any different, he’s gone insane on the inside. Just one aspect of him has stayed the same, while everything else has been completely cast away. For him to have even abandoned all feelings of hatred towards the one who drove the person he loved to her death – such a person cannot be normal.

According to the documents, there were signs that Merazofis-dono had fallen in love with the lady wife of the Keren household. And yet despite all that, he was approved of by her husband, and trusted in all respects. Since I did not know him at the time, I can only guess as to the degree of his feelings. However, those were surely not ordinary feelings. Despite facing the head of the Divine Word Religion which was the organisation that caused his feelings to be outrageously trampled over and to lose his most beloved person, he didn’t display even the slightest hatred. In that situation where we were both alone, he didn’t display any signs that he had any intention of killing me. Instead, as calm as the still surface of a lake, there was not even any fluctuations seen in his emotions.

Everything he does is for his ojou-sama, for Sophia-jou. I am a stepping stone to help Sophia-jou grow to adulthood. For him, that’s probably all that he can see.

He’s just plain terrifying. That is a monster in human form. His thoughts have already deviated from human norms. There’s almost nobody normal around Ariel-sama. That ojou-sama of his, Sophia-jou, and also Felmina-jou could just about be called normal in comparison I guess. In their cases, they are far outside the norm, even if they haven’t reached the level of insanity.

Considering everything that has piled up, I breathe out a sigh. Then, I begin to move my hands again after they had stopped for a short while. I must press ahead with my work as quickly as possible. Because there’s no time to lose. Indeed, the great task of breaking the Divine Word Religion, is about to begin.

A liberal translation:

Mera「Yikes, this old man is crazy……」

pope「Yikes, this man is crazy……」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter tipsy: Tipsy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tipsy

Author’s note: Demon King’s point of view.

「Uwah. Sniffle! Hic!」

「Uih-hih-hih-hih!」

Felmina-chan who has broken down crying and sniffling while slumped on the ground, and Shiro-chan who is staring into space while laughing eerily. It’s chaos. Just how was it again that things turned out like this?

The beginning of this, ah yes, this all began when I went to Dustin’s place to snatch some top grade wine. I called out to Shiro-chan saying “Let’s have a pajama party!”, and dragged in Felmina-chan while at it to begin a modest little drinking party. Umm, yeah. I want to ask myself why I wanted to let Shiro-chan drink or why I have a death wish. It’s all Dustin’s fault for secretly hoarding some good wine. It’s also the case that I wanted to watch over Felmina-chan to make sure that she doesn’t do anything stupid though.

Since this girl is smart, based on the contents of the proposal that Shiro-chan made to Divine Word Religion, she would have realised just how much it disadvantages the demons. Also, based on the arguing back and forth until now and due to the nature of the System and so on, she should also have realised that Shiro-chan isn’t an ally of the demons. Felmina-chan should have realised that Shiro-chan is with the demon faction in order to make use of the demons, and would readily abandon the demons if they ever lost their utility value.

That would be half-right, and half-wrong. While Shiro-chan is certainly making use of the demons, she isn’t intending to abandon them for the time being. If she really was intending to abandon them, then there’s no way that she would have left alive that traitorous 2nd Army commander after all.

However, Felmina-chan wouldn’t be aware to that extent. Which is why she might judge Shiro-chan to be harmful to the demons and become hostile to her. Even though she has no chance of winning.

I had previously investigated Felmina-chan’s personal history. While Shiro-chan probably felt like she was picking up an abandoned dog, this girl was actually born to a good place and with good abilities. She was born to a prestigious noble family. She is the ex-fiancee to Waldo-kun, who is the eldest son from a similarly prestigious noble family, even if he’s currently been emasculated by Sophia-chan. Since her childhood she’s been thoroughly trained to support the demons who are in a state of decline, and she herself lives by that creed, a natural-born aristocrat. If it’s for the future sake of the demons, then she won’t hesitate to eliminate anyone who could harm them, and possesses the cool-headedness to achieve it. That’s exactly the reason why she regarded Sophia-chan as dangerous when she was spreading Charm around at the academy, and took actions to forcibly eliminate her. Well, it’s sad to say, but due to the overwhelming difference in ability it seemed she wasn’t even noticed.

Considering that’s how Felmina-chan is, I was worried about what she would do when she heard about the proposal for this conference. That proposal has no benefits for the demons. Taken from the perspective of rebuilding the demons after the System collapses, she wouldn’t want the lost technology from the elf village to be handed over to the humans for a start, and from a self-defence point of view it would also be virtually impossible for her to accept simply returning the forts that were only gained after great loss. Felmina-chan would want to stop that no matter what, I’m sure.

So, considering the case with Sophia-chan, I wondered if she might lose her temper and attack Shiro-chan. Since the old lineages amongst the demons put their trust in strength, despite being smart they can be rather simplistic muscle-brains at times you know. For now I figured I’d take a wait-and-see approach and try have her drink some wine while at it, but I hadn’t expected her to be a crying drunk at all though.

「Uwahh. What can I do-o-o? Just what can I do-o-o? Just what did I do to deserve this-s-s?」

She ended up in this condition merely after draining the first cup. While she hangs her head, I can almost see a heavy black shadow looming behind her.

Yup. This is the pattern where after having to do all sorts of things serving under Shiro-chan, she’s learnt all too much about the dark art of diplomacy. In addition, it seems she’s gotten stuck in a blind alley because she also knows just how strong Shiro-chan is, so even if she wants to do something there’s nothing she can do. Under the influence of being drunk, she’s muttering her problems in front of the person herself. You sure have it rough huh.

Then, the main culprit behind all that, has for a while been taking out from another dimension something that couldn’t be televised to families without using a censorship mosaic, tossing them into her mouth, then munching them. Wow, just what is that I wonder. Currently there is huge alarm ringing in my head, saying that it’s dangerous to touch Shiro-chan right now. I am rather curious as to what she is actually eating, but if worry about it then I’ve lost. If I’ve lost then in the worst case my life might as well be over.

We’re supposed to be drinking some nice top grade wine here, but I can’t enjoy the taste at all! There’s Felmina-chan who might sink actually sink into the ground if left alone, and then there’s Shiro-chan who in her current state has transformed into the greatest living threat to this planet. It sure is strange. I had imagined a “pajama party” being more about having fun squeals and giggles though. How did it turn out like this? Also, will I live to see the sun rise tomorrow…?

pope「My wine……」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 284: Downfall of the Kingdom
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

284 – Downfall of the Kingdom

The pope of the Divine Word Religion has made a personal proclamation. The contents of which are that Prince Yuugo of the Rengzand Empire has been selected as the new Hero.

Almost simultaneously with that proclamation, the finishing touches in the Kingdom are being carried out. Natsume-kun has done a good job. Using brainwashing on the reincarnators, except on Yamada-kun and sensei, he’s taken possession of Ooshima-kun and Hasebe-san, and has already seized part of the Kingdom. Furthermore, by using deceitful words to fool the first prince and the queen who are obsessed with the throne, he’s managed to bring them over to his side. It seems that Potimas had unwittingly induced the current king to have Yamada-kun become the next king. The first prince and the queen were easily won over when it was put to them that if the king’s plans are carried out then they’d never take the throne.

All the preparations are in order. Just in case, vampire girl and I are on standby in the Kingdom, but unless some highly irregular situation occurs then I have no intention of getting involved. Unless it seems like one of the reincarnators is about to die, or something like that, then I’ll simply watch over the developments.

「Muhahah. At last. At last I will be able to scare the hell out of them!」

Natsume-kun, disguised as one of the first prince’s guards, has a wicked smile plastered on his face. Next to him, is imouto-chan with a somewhat vacant expression.

Since half-way through, imouto-chan has been brainwashed by Natsume-kun. While imouto-chan might not have been aware of just how serious the situation was at the start, she gradually became aware that what they were doing was to overthrow her own native country, the Kingdom. Furthermore, completing that would result in the deaths of many people amongst the higher-ups within the Kingdom, including her own father the king. While she might be a yandere with her explosive love for her nii-sama, it’s not like that’s completely blown away all her common sense either. There’s no way that she wouldn’t realise what the effects of everything that’s she’s doing will have on her beloved nii-sama. Therefore, before she fully realised all that, I had Natsume-kun brainwash her. If she had been left fully conscious then there’s no telling when she would get in our way after all.

Besides, this way, even after she’s returned to being fully conscious, the pretense of her being brainwashed has been established. Isn’t this a delicious situation for her where she can even be saved from the evil influence of brainwashing by her nii-sama? How moving that would be. I’ll have nothing to do with what happens after that though. Go have your emotional scars soothed by your beloved nii-sama. Although I might have instigated it, she did half of it by her own will. Afterwards, even if she regrets what she’s done it’s no concern of mine.

「Well then? What should I do?」

Vampire girl, who I brought with me, is showing signs of having too much time on her hands. So far she has contributed by using Charm on the higher-ups within the Empire and also on the soldiers in the Kingdom, but she has nothing to do in the main event. Ah, wait.

「Go kill Potimas.」

Taking advantage of the disturbance, I’ll have her kill Potimas who is in the Kingdom. From what I could see the Potimas here isn’t a cyborg or anything like that anyway, so getting rid of him should be simple. If she has nothing to do, it’s better to have her kill time by killing him.

「Got it.」

Vampire girl acknowledged, and left to kill Potimas. Yeah. Feel free to go wild to your heart’s content.

Vampire girl has been quite lively recently. It seems that she was approached about a deal by the pope from the Divine Word Religion, and since accepting that she’s been having this creepy looking grin on her face from time to time. On top of that, she’s started referring to the pope as “oji-sama” as well, so I’ve become worried that maybe she’s finally gone mental. According to Mera there’s nothing to worry about so I’ve let her be as she is. I was even told that “since you are going to leave ojou-sama behind it is nothing to do with you”, so I was completely denied from getting involved any further. Somehow I’m feeling a little sad.

I saw vampire girl off, and Natsume-kun went away looking euphoric, leaving me to just watch over the sequence of events. I’m in a room inside the castle, elegantly treating myself to some tea. Incidentally, there’s no problem if I intake the caffeine contained within the tea. After I collapsed when drinking coffee previously, I went over to the Earth and tried to investigate, and found that spiders get drunk when they drink coffee. That’s caused by the caffeine contained within the coffee, but in my case it seems that I’m reacting not to the caffeine itself but coffee that contains caffeine. When I timidly drank some decaffeinated coffee nothing happened. Similarly, nothing happens when I drink tea that contains caffeine. It makes me think “what the fuck”, but there’s nothing I can do about it. I’ve no choice but to give up and just consider it to be part of my specifications.

While thinking about such inconsequential things, using fluoroscopy and my clones I observe the farce that’s unfolding throughout the castle. Yamada-kun and imouto-chan arrive together at the king’s chambers, then imouto-chan murders the king. Picking their moment, the first prince and his guards rush in. Natsume-kun, who was intermingling with those guards, the slashes right at Yamada-kun at the first prince’s orders. Natsume-kun’s sword cuts through Yamada-kun’s sword, then the follow-up strike wounds Yamada-kun. Naturally, the sword that Natsume-kun has is one of oni-kun’s best magic swords. No matter how famous a sword Yamada-kun has, it can’t even defend.

Having sustained a wound and being in a bad state of affairs, Yamada-kun faces a critical moment. Being very pleased about that, Natsume-kun starts revealing everything as a final farewell gift. Though saying that, he doesn’t mention the relationship between me and the Divine Word Religion.

Then, with perfect timing to stop things, sensei bursts in. Yamada-kun is saved by a hair’s breadth, then flees. Naturally, for sensei to be able to save Yamada-kun with such timing, is due to me manipulating things behind the scenes. Sensei doesn’t know about that.

「It’s over.」

Just then, vampire girl returned. In her hand, she’s taken hold of Potimas’s head. Just the head by itself. It seems that he was successfully put to death.

「Thanks for all your hard work.」

When I said so, for some reason the head was presented to me. What? To eat? Well, if you’ve giving it to me then I’ll take it though.

「How’s things?」

「The first stage of the farce is over.」

As planned, Yamada-kun has hightailed it out from the castle. There’s now one more stage to clear, which is to have him hightail it out from the royal capital. After that is up to Yamada-kun to decide what to do.

Author’s note: this covers “S20 – Fall”.

Translation notes:

“Oji-sama” – in “Elf Village Battle ⑩”, Sophia refers to the pope as “Dustin-oji-sama”. Shiro refers to him as an “ojii-sama” (grandfather) at times but Sophia uses “oji-sama” (uncle). Maybe Shiro is mentally adding some age to him because he’s a serial reincarnator?

As the author notes, this chapter covers the “behind the scenes” of “S20 – Fall”. The word used for “fall” in S20 is similar to that used in the title of this chapter, so I deliberately used “downfall” to keep it similar in the translation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter au-leaf: And now for something completely different.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

And now for something completely different.

Since it’s been some time since the last WN chapter I decided to translate a special chapter that isn’t a WN chapter and is more of a special chapter for LN readers based on reader feedback that was posted here a few months ago. It’s from Shun’s perspective and it’s just a relatively normal day in his life on Earth before the whole class was killed, so it’s not particularly exciting.

As a little helper guide, here’s the characters mentioned in the chapter, in order of appearance. Note that some characters haven’t been mentioned in either the WN or the LN.

Sensei (Okazaki Kanami aka Oka-chan). Reincarnated as Firmis the elf.

Kanata (Ooshima Kanata). Reincarnated as Katia (Carnatia Seri Anabald).

Kyouya (Sasajima Kyouya). Reincarnated as Wrath.

Nanase – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Natsume (Natsume Kengo). Reincarnated as Yuugo / Hugo, first prince of the Empire.

Sakurasaki (Sakurasaki Issei). One of the dead reincarnators.

Ogi (Ogiwara Kenichi). After reincarnating, works as a spy for the Divine Word Religion in the elf village.

Tsushima – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Kogure (Kogure Naofumi). One of the dead reincarnators.

Aikawa – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Hayashi (Hayashi Kouta). One of the dead reincarnators.

Maki Shuuto – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Hasebe (Hasebe Yuika). Reincarnated as Yuri, a saint candidate.

Shinohara (Shinohara Mirei). Not mentioned in the WN. Reincarnated as an Earth Drake and is contracted as a familiar to Shun and called Feyrune (Fey for short). Essentially replaces Shun’s barely mentioned drake/dragon familiar in the WN.

Wakaba (Wakaba Hiiro). Evil God D.

Iijima – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Tonooka – no mention that I can find in WN or LN.

Rihoko (Negishi Akiko). Reincarnated as Sophia Keren.

Furuta – brief mention in LN4. Seems to be a female friend of Hasebe.

Temarigawa – brief mention in LN4. Seems to be a female friend of Hasebe.

Autumn-leaf Viewing

「Today’s lesson is off-campus studying-g. Let’s go do autumn-leaf viewing!」

It began with that abrupt proposal from Oka-chan, or rather Okazaki-sensei. Today’s lessons were supposed to be an exception to the norm, with the time set aside for preparing for the imminent cultural festival. However, as there are many people in our class who are in clubs, in order to leave spare time for their club programs, it was decided that our class program would be a simple one. The preparation for that has already been completed. For that reason, our class had almost completely free time for the whole of today. So long as we were in school until the end of the day, it would have been fine whatever we did, or would have been. What destroyed that, was sensei’s bombshell announcement. Thus, for some reason our class has left to go autumn-leaf viewing.

「Why are we doing autumn-leaf viewing again?」

Kanata sighs, looking exasperated.

「Now, now. Isn’t this sort of thing fine once in awhile?」

Kyouya seems to be unexpectedly enjoying himself, even walking with light steps.

「But seriously. We’re high school students now but we’re going to the park to play, right? Isn’t that like what primary school students do?」

We’re currently heading towards a park that’s close to the school. It’s not as imposing as ones in mountains, but it’s a natural park on a small hill, with different plants to see depending upon the season. In spring there’s cherry blossoms, in summer there’s all kinds, and then in autumn there’s the autumn leaves. That’s what sensei’s purpose is. But, for a bunch of high school students with plenty of energy, there’s no chance that it would simply end with quietly watching the autumn leaves. This can be seen from the fact that a soccer ball was brought along. Basically, this is autumn-leaf viewing purely in name only, and is really an excuse to go play in the park. As Kanata said, this isn’t a lesson for high school students.

「Well, it’s gotta be better than being bored in class with nothing to do.」

In our school there’s more programs from club activities than from the classrooms. As such, similarly to our class, there’s not an insignificant number of classes that have simple programs so that instead their efforts can be put into their club programs. That being the case, that results in situations like today where there’s no work left to do for the class programs. Generally it seems that we would break up in order to work preparing for the club programs, but I think it’s fine for us to go play like this as well.

While having such a conversation, we arrived at the park. Walking together in a group with everyone else, we reached a corner of the park that was planted with maple trees. This park is fairly wide. Regarding the “fairly” characteristic, it’s wide enough for neighborhood children to come play in, but too narrow to go out of your way to come to, that kind of halfway wideness. Thus, it’s not the sort of place that families would visit by car. If there was any who would come by car, it would probably be only those within about 30 minutes of the place. In addition, today is a weekday. Although it is a nice sunny day, there’s hardly anybody here. Only at the level of there being a few elderly people scattered about taking walks or jogging. In short, what I’m basically saying is that we almost have the place to ourselves.

「Oh? The leaves have properly turned red.」

Kanata says that while pointing a finger. We had arrived at the corner of the park which has maples planted. But saying that, the number is small enough to be able to count them all. There was some maples whose leaves had turned red.

「I had thought that they’d probably be green still, but they’ve properly turned red huh.」

As Kyouya said, I had also thought that the season was in a delicate balance. That it was a bit early to see the best of the autumn leaves.

「Muhaha-a. I had properly conducted a preliminary inspection you know-w.」

Sensei, who had been listening to us talking, puffs up her chest with pride. With her childish face and petite build, when sensei makes such a pose, she looks like nothing more than a child with a self-satisfied expression.

「Ooh, nice, nice. You did a great job there.」

Sure enough I guess, but Nanase-san treats sensei like a child by stroking her head. When Nanase-san does such a thing, since she is tall for a girl and has a mature figure, they really do look like an adult and child. Because sensei doesn’t seem annoyed by that either, it just adds to the faint sense of it being such a spectacle. Sensei should actually be the older one though, you know.

「Okay then-n. Please use your time freely from now on-n. However-r, please don’t do anything like leaving the park or causing trouble for other people okay-y.」

At sensei’s words, we begin to disperse. Nobody makes any move to continue the original purpose of autumn-leaf viewing. Well, that’s to be expected.

「Alright. All the guys will play soccer!」

Is how Natsume somewhat forcibly invited us to play soccer. I guess he wasn’t expecting anyone to refuse, as he immediately turned around, and left for an open space where it’d be possible to play soccer while chatting with Sakurasaki-kun. If we refused here it looks like it would become a problem afterwards. I exchanged glances with Kanata and Kyouya and shrugged my shoulders. It’s not like this is the first time that Natsume has been forceful like this. Besides, I personally don’t mind playing soccer, so I won’t be motivated to strongly oppose him. On following after Natsume to reach the open space, there was some other boys gathered there.

「Huh? Guys from the neighbouring class?」

Kanata said so in a puzzled sounding voice, gazing at the gathered boys. Over there, wasn’t just boys from our class, but also those from the neighbouring class.

「Somehow, it seems that the neighbouring class also felt the same way as us. So, now Natsume has proposed a class vs class soccer match.」

From the explanation from Ogi who had come nearby, I understood the situation. It seems that all the classes were thinking the same sort of thing.

「Are there members of the soccer club in that class?」

Kanata asks Ogi that. Ogi is a member of the soccer club after all.

「Three of them. On top of that, one is the ace of our school.」

「Ack.」

「Ogi, you’re the only one we can rely on.」

Kanata grimaces. I place a hand on Ogi’s shoulder, and grip tightly.

「My position is goalkeeper you know?」

「We’re relying on you, guardian angel. Don’t let a single shot in.」

「Don’t talk crazy!」

Ogi sighs exaggeratedly at my unreasonable request.

「That reminds me, where’s the other member of the soccer club in our class?」

Kyouya looks around the area, and discovers the person. He’s in the middle of the group with Natsume who is deep in discussion with the guys from the neighbouring class. There, was the figure of Tsushima who, like Ogi, was in the soccer club.

「Ah! Tsushima is a substitute after all.」

To Ogi’s unclear words, I also agree in frustration. Tsushima first started playing soccer in high school, so he’s can’t be said to be skilled. To be honest, it’s enough that the likes of Natsume, who was born with good reflexes, might actually be more skilled. In short, there’s no boys in our class who are genuinely capable at soccer. Against that, our opponents’ class not only has three members of the soccer club, but one of them is the ace of the school.

「We’ve lost this.」

「Yeah.」

「Why have you given up now!」

While I and Kyouya gave up quickly, Kanata yelled. When all’s said and done, this guy hates to lose after all you know.

「Okay you guys! We’re going to have a competition with the neighbouring class now! Win this no matter what!」

While we were resigned to it being a lost battle, Natsume came over while saying that. It somehow seems that Natsume is totally expecting to win. All the guys in our class gather, and we begin a strategy meeting. Saying that though, when a group of amateur high school boys play soccer, all they can do is chase after the ball. Thus, the strategy meeting ended with just a rough decision on the positions. On top of that, since there’s as many as 13 of us on our side, those positions were only decided rather vaguely.

「Alrighty! Let’s go!」

In response to Natsume’s yell of encouragement, we went to our positions. At times like this, Natsume somehow shows some leadership.

In the lawn of the open space in the park, there is more or less a soccer goal. In front of the goal, Ogi is standing as the goalkeeper. Around him are Kyouya, Kogure, Aikawa-kun and Hayashi-kun as four defenders. With the exception of Kyouya, the other three are in the group that has no confidence in their reflexes. To put it bluntly, they’re in the group that genuinely don’t want to play soccer, I guess. Although Natsume did forcibly say to gather all the boys, amongst them are those that didn’t do it. That’s why they were assembled as defenders. As defenders, they just have to act as a wall when our opponents attack, and otherwise they can do whatever.

I’m pretty sure that Kyouya has unexpectedly good reflexes, but when it comes to sports like this he prefers unobtrusive positions. I think it’s a waste, but since it’s Kyouya’s own wish I can’t say anything.

But well, while thinking such things, the game had started before I noticed. A guy from the neighbouring class whose name I don’t know dashed past my side. Oh crap. There’s no referee for a start, so it’s not like there’d be a whistle blown to begin the game, so it would have been necessary to be paying attention properly to notice the moment it started.

It was my mistake to be looking at what’s behind me. I turned around immediately, and gave chase. The opponent is dribbling with the ball, so if I run at full power I should be able to catch up. Or, so I thought, but I couldn’t catch up. Though Aikawa-kun is blocking the way in defence, since he’s basically just standing there, he’s easily passed. Then, a shot at goal is taken. Ogi desperately leaps at it, and somehow saves it. That was close. We almost lost a point right at the very start.

「Don’t mind it.」

「Sure. Was he perhaps our school’s ace?」

Tsushima, who’s nearby, asks that.

「Did you hear it from Ogi? Yeah, that’s the ace.」

I thought so. That wasn’t the movements of an amateur. Yeah, well, we’re gonna lose badly huh.

Contrary to my expectations, the soccer battle with the neighbouring class ended with a 3-3 draw. Ogi’s desperate defense of the goal made a big difference. Without Ogi’s miraculous succession of fine saves, I’m sure there would have been a bigger difference in goal count.

Also, one other reason was because the match duration was shorter than I had expected. Since we were playing, we hadn’t actually decided on the duration of the match, so I had expected that we would continue playing soccer until we ran out of time. But, a person was wounded, and that naturally led to the match ending. The one who was injured, happened to be Ogi again. He unintentionally received an opponent’s shot with his face, and got a nose bleed. Fortunately, it doesn’t seem to be serious though, but he’s now gone over to where sensei is.

The MVP of this match should definitely be Ogi. We totally depended upon you. I won’t forget your gallant figure. But saying that, although it’s the case that Ogi stood out amongst our class from beginning to end, that three goals were scored shows just how strong the attacks were. The ones who stood out in offense in our class, were the two forwards of Natsume and Sakurasaki-kun. Despite neither of them belonging to a sports club, their reflexes are just way too good. Showing off those inherent reflexes, they even scored a goal with a counter-attack.

The one who scored the second goal was Maki Shuuto. In other words, “shoot”. Despite that, he’s a member of the baseball club. He also has the stereotypical baseball club close-cropped head.

「Shoot, Shuuto!」

「Shuuto, shoot!」

「Shaddup!」

While such an exchange was going on, Maki fired a shot at the opponent’s goal that shook the net. It goes without saying that he did it with a certain sense of desperation. Finally the third goal I’m glad to say, was one that even I was able to be involved with. Since it’s not like my reflexes are good, it’s rare that I’m able to take on roles like this. The ball that I lofted in from the side was headed in by Natsume. I guess you could say that I assisted Natsume’s goal.

「Yamada! Nice one!」

After scoring the goal a smiling Natsume raised his thumb up at me. I can’t bring myself to like his arrogant attitude, but guess this side of him is what attracts others to him. I became happy unintentionally.

「Ahh, so tired.」

「Good job.」

Kanata is sitting down on a wooden chair, completely exhausted. Since Kanata was constantly running around chasing after the ball, he’s built up that much fatigue it seems. In comparison, Kyouya looks as if nothing had happened. He devoted himself to defense, patiently staying in his position when we went on the attack after all. However, considering the whole match, there were many occasions when our side was under attack, so Kyouya should also have run around a lot accordingly. Despite that he’s not even sweating. I think this from time to time, but maybe Kyouya is actually amazing or something? Though I can kind of understand him trying hard not to stand out, I wonder what would happen if this guy really got serious? I’m rather curious.

「Shun, what’s with you stealing a march on us and showing off when things were getting good?」

「It’s just by chance.」

Kanata is gazing at me with a resentful look. Even if I’m told that, I really don’t have anything else to say other than that assist was just by chance.

「Shun, somehow you’re always taking just the best bits huh.」

「Ahh. Maybe that’s it.」

Even Kyouya is saying it now.

「Hey, have I really been doing such things?」

「In games you’re constantly taking the best parts, kinda like you’re shrewd, or maybe your timing is good. Even today the girls from the neighboring class were making a fuss.」

「Really?」

「Yeah. Most of the girls in our class and the neighboring class were watching at least.」

Although I had noticed that the girls watching were cheering, were those actually aimed at me as well? If that’s the case then it makes me happy, but I think it’s likely that rather than me, that those cheers were aimed at Natsume’s goal immediately following my shoot.

「Weren’t those for Natsume rather than me?」

「Ah, well, I guess the majority were at least.」

When I simply said what I thought, Kanata didn’t deny it either. It’s sad to say, but compared to my ordinary appearance, Natsume looks pretty cool after all. After having been around him a lot, I doubt he’ll be getting a girlfriend with that arrogant attitude of his, but when seen from a distance he definitely is a handsome guy. It’s reasonable to appreciate his good looks, according to Hasebe who sits next to me in class. While he might work as the handsome arrogant type in an otome game, it’s not like that in real life. Certainly, although he seems to be on good terms with the group of girls centered on Shinohara-san, there’s no sense at all that he’s going to get a girlfriend. From the point of view of the girls, Natsume seems to be the type where it’s fine to be a friend but not anything more. While thinking such things, it’s strange to consider that Natsume might be a bit pitiful. Well, it’s not like I have any right to say that with my age matching my time without a girlfriend.

「I wish I could have shown off to Wakaba-san too.」

「You haven’t given up on Wakaba-san yet?」

Kanata recklessly confessed to Wakaba-san, the most beautiful girl in the whole year or rather the whole school, and was completely rejected in return. He himself knew he had no chance from the beginning, and on the surface it seems that his feelings weren’t hurt, but since he hasn’t given up doesn’t that prove he’s acting as if nothing had happened?

「Well, you know, I’ve given up completely. But, it’s in a man’s nature to want to act cool right.」

「Kanata.」

For some reason, Kyouya calls Kanata’s name as if rebuking him.

「Well, it’s not like Wakaba-san was watching us play soccer anyway!」

As if he was ignoring Kyouya’s voice, Kanata laughed it off casually. Besides, while Kyouya frowned with annoyance for a moment, he soon shook his head as if giving up.

「I’m gonna go buy some drinks from a vending machine. Is there anything you want?」

「Okay, some kind of fizzy drink then please.」

「Tea for me.」

「Got it.」

Somehow or other I started feeling uncomfortable, so I left the place as if running away. Or rather, not as if. I did run away.

I don’t know what had happened between Kanata and Kyouya regarding Wakaba-san, but it seems that it’s more complicated than I had realised. As his friend I want to encourage Kanata with his love, but it looks like he himself isn’t serious about it. Perhaps, it’s that aspect which has angered Kyouya? At any rate, while he himself isn’t ready to open up about his feelings, I guess it’s better not to stick my nose in.

While I headed towards the place with the vending machines thinking about such things, speak of the devil, I guess. A bit ahead of me was Wakaba-san, reading a book while sitting down. Since it was in a place with some maples, the view of Wakaba-san reading a book while under a tree decorated with autumn leaves, was like a perfect picture. As if she was from another world.

It seems that I’m not the only one thinking that. There’s three figures lurking near Wakaba-san. Shinohara-san, Iijima-san and Tonooka-san. When Shinohara-san confessed to the senpai that she loved, she was refused because he was in love with Wakaba-san. Out of resentment for that, she started harassing Wakaba-san in minor ways.

It seems that this time she saying something spiteful. I can’t hear what she’s actually saying, but Shinohara-san’s mouth is moving intensely. In the moment when I worried about whether to step in between them or not, Wakaba-san raised her eyes from the book. Being directly stared at, Shinohara-san faltered. However, that was only for an instant, and when she seemed about to say something again, the two behind her calmed her down.

It was clearly written on the faces of Iijima-san and Tonooka-san that they felt it was too risky. Wakaba-san is beautiful. So, being stared at expressionlessly by such a beautiful person, is scary to be honest. Combined with the otherworldly ambiance about her, anyone stared at by her feels a sense of dread. That’s also the reason why people keep their distance from Wakaba-san despite her being a beautiful girl.

Shinohara-san was stopped by her two friends, and gave up on what she was about to say in frustration. She left the place looking sullen. Iijima-san and Tonooka-san chased after her looking flustered. The only one remaining was Wakaba-san, who started reading again as if nothing had happened.

So not to be noticed by Wakaba-san, I quietly passed through behind her. Once I couldn’t see Wakaba-san anymore, I breathed a sigh of relief. To be honest, I’m bad at dealing with Wakaba-san. Somehow, I can’t believe that she’s a human like us. It’s like she lives in a different world. I don’t think I should say this about the person my friend loves, but she’s somehow scary. Certainly her appearance is that of an incredibly beautiful girl, but she’s always expressionless. However, I feel bad about not being able to do anything when seeing her being bullied. No matter who they are, they should be bad at dealing with bullying. I’m sure if it was Kyouya instead of me, he would have gently stepped in between them. He has quite a strong sense of justice after all.

While having fallen into such self-loathing, I arrived at the vending machines. There was someone there ahead of me, right at the point of taking a can out from a vending machine. I’m proud that I stopped myself from voicing an “ack”. Because that’s the one person who I’m worse at dealing with than Wakaba-san. Rihoko. Real Horror Girl, or Rihoko for short. I don’t know who came up with it, but that’s how she’s called. The most isolated person in the class.

Rihoko notices my presence, and after giving me a sullen look she made to leave. I silently watched her leave – or so I had intended.

「Roast potato flavour?」

It was written in big letters on the can that Rihoko was carrying: sweet potato and roast potato flavour. “Unbelievable”, is how I would describe my impression. Certainly roast potato is delicious, but for a can of juice that’s hopeless. It’d definitely be disgusting. It’s true that occasionally vending machines have seasonal items, but why would you go out of your way to buy one? Because it’s autumn? That thought just popped out from my mouth.

「It’s unusual, right?」

Hearing my muttering, Rihoko responded that it was unusual. Even though she never makes any attempt to get involved with others – I guess unusual things do happen.

「It’s the first time I’ve seen it.」

Thinking that I should ignore that for now, I decided to respond with something safe.

「I guess it looks disgusting?」

I want to ask, then why did you buy it? I stop myself from doing that, and just smile vaguely.

「When I see something new like this, it unconsciously makes me want to buy it.」

With a pssht sound, Rihoko opens the can and drinks it. Her throat moves and she swallows the liquid inside.

「Yuck!」

So, just because something is new, why do you knowingly buy something that’s obviously disgusting?

「Ah well, but it’d be a shame to waste what’s left though.」

While I watch her in mute amazement, Rihoko left. Just what was that? I collect my wits together and insert some coins into the vending machine. Then, what comes before my eyes, are both safe things and things that are not. Roast potato flavour, chestnut flavour, persimmon flavour, mackerel flavour…

The last one was ridiculous right? Rihoko, despite all that, you avoided the oddest seasonal item. Just because it’s autumn why does the production company try to make such things? I ignore the seasonal type drinks, and buy a cola and tea. Finally, I bought the persimmon flavoured one. When all’s said and done, maybe I like to be adventurous as well.

On returning I came back by a different route to avoid Wakaba-san. When I returned, for some reason Hasebe, Furuta and Temarigawa from the girls had gathered, and had attracted some of the boys. When I spoke about the seasonal items at the vending machine, we held a rock-paper-scissors tournament where the loser had to go buy and drink one of them as a penalty, with Kanata being the victim. Kanata dashed off and bought the hazardous materials known as mackerel flavour. Kanata manfully resolved himself to chug it down. You’re a good guy.

「Hey, don’t kill me.」

「So, what’s your impression of it?」

「I’m never drinking it again.」

For some reason the guys passed around the remaining drink that Kanata had left, and eventually everyone drank some. I’ll just say that it was absolutely disgusting. The persimmon flavoured drink I bought, had a curious taste. It’s not that I couldn’t drink it, but it definitely couldn’t be called delicious. It was hard to describe my reaction to it another way. We spent the time making noise about such various things and then we headed towards the meeting point. In the end we simply played for just half a day, but maybe doing such things from time to time isn’t so bad.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter timeline: A sort-of Christmas present from me…
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A sort-of Christmas present from me…

This special post is in two halves. The first is a translation of the two page timeline included at the end of volume 4 of the light novels. Think of this as the “official recorded history” from the point of view of the Anareich Kingdom, though simplified to include the parts that are relevant to the story. Meaning, this isn’t the inside story. Some of the information here is new, particularly the first few entries. It’s not clear if the dating system has any particular relevance to the total age of the System or not. For the first half, comments from me are in round brackets.

The second half is a complete translation of this blog post from author on the 14th October, or around the time of Blood 34. This is shortly after LN4 was released.

History of the Kingdom

Year 798:

In the Rengzand Empire, Ronant becomes the youngest chief court magician in history.

Year 801:

Hero Masis dies during a battle at the Kusorion fort.

Dalthsmeig is inaugurated as the new Hero.

Year 803:

Due to the great efforts of Hero Dalthsmeig, Demon King Atmos is successfully subjugated.

Year 804:

Hero Dalthsmeig goes missing.

(This is probably due to Potimas working behind the scenes to get the Hero and Demon King to join forces to attack D.)

Year 807:

In the Rengzand Empire, Sword Emperor Reigar abdicates. Rahgis is enthroned in replacement. Ronant becomes an advisor.

(This should be the same Reigar that Wrath fought in “Sword God vs Ogre”)

Year 829:

In the Anareich Kingdom, Sirius is enthroned.

(This should be Shun’s father, though in S6 and the same scene in the LN, his name is said to be Magus Delua Anareich. I can’t find any other mention of this name in the WN or LN. Either it’s a mistake on my part, the author’s part or this is a posthumous name)

Year 832:

The queen gives birth to first prince Cyris.

Year 833:

The first princess consort gives birth to first princess Raylecia of the Anareich Kingdom.

Year 834:

The third princess consort gives birth to second prince Julius of the Anareich Kingdom.

Year 837:

The second princess consort gives birth to third prince Leston of the Anareich Kingdom.

Year 840:

Second prince Julius is inaugurated as the Hero.

This event is treated as confirming the death of Hero Dalthsmeig.

In the Erlo Great Labyrinth, a peculiar immature Taratekt specimen is sighted. At that time a drake’s egg and spider thread is collected, and presented to the royal family.

There is an increase in activity amongst the demons.

(The death of the previous Hero should coincide with the attack on D, since the Hero and Demon King who did that died in the attempt. Interesting to note that it took 34 years to get to this point – clearly a lot of effort was required.)

Year 841:

The third princess consort gives birth to fourth prince Shurein of the Anareich Kingdom.

The queen gives birth to second princess Suelecia of the Anareich Kingdom.

In the Anabald ducal house, first child Carnatia is born.

In the Rengzand Empire, first prince Yuugo is born.

The third princess consort dies.

In the Elro Great Labyrinth, the Imperial army force led by Ronant makes contact with the “Nightmare of the Labyrinth”.

Outside the Elro Great Labyrinth, the Nightmare of the Labyrinth and a Queen Taratekt arise.

Ronant temporarily goes missing.

(The Queen Taratekt also going outside is something that happens in LN4 – it was hunting Kumoko and blasted up the landscape a bit. Suelecia is Sue’s full name – this is the first mention of it.)

Year 842:

The Nightmare of the Labyrinth arises in the country of Sariera.

War breaks out between the country of Sariera and the country of Otsu. The Empire as well as the Divine Word Religion support the country of Otsu.

Hero Julius battles with the Nightmare of the Labyrinth. Due to the intervention of Ronant, he survives.

Hero Julius temporarily becomes Ronant’s apprentice.

Human trafficking and kidnappings occur one after the other in all lands.

Year 843:

In the Elro Great Labyrinth, the “Remnants of the Nightmare” are confirmed to exist.

Year 844:

The first princess Raylecia is betrothed to the first prince of the Telecent Kingdom, and relocates there to study.

Year 845:

In the Empire, the “Sword Demon” arises.

Due to the great efforts of Ronant, the Sword Demon is successfully driven away.

(I can’t find a reference to Wrath being referred to as this, but it’s obviously him.)

Year 846:

Led by the Divine Word Religion, decisive action was taken to expose the large-scale human trafficking organisation.

Jiskan and Hawkin joined Hero Julius’s party during that incident.

Year 847:

Shurein, Suelecia and Carnatia undergo the Appraisal Ceremony.

Year 848:

From the Earth Drake’s egg, Feyrune hatches.

(Feyrune is Shinohara Mirei, as mentioned in the “Autumn-leaf Viewing” special, meaning she is born 7 years after the human reincarnators.)

Year 850:

The elf leader Potimas visits the country as a goodwill ambassador.

Potimas’s daughter Firimes relocates to the kingdom to study.

Hero Julius is caught in a trap by the demons and attacked, but it is just barely repulsed.

(This might be the trap mentioned in chapter 259 though if so the timing of that is different by several years in the LN)

Year 851:

Shurein, Suelecia, Carnatia and Firimes enter the royal academy.

They make contact with Prince Yuugo of the Empire and Saint candidate Yurin.

Hero Julius subjugates a Remnant of the Nightmare in the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Prince Yuugo of the Empire makes an attempt to assassinate Shurein.

An Earth Drake makes an attack on the academy.

(Julius’s fight with one of the Remnants is in LN2. He and his whole party seriously struggle to beat just one of them and only win with some luck. The drake that attacked the academy is thought to be Feyrune’s mother – this incident is only shown in the LN.)

Year 856:

The Human-Demon Great War.

Hero Julius dies in battle.

A coup d’etat breaks out in the Anareich Kingdom.

King Sirius dies.

Fourth prince Shurein escapes together third prince Leston who was a collaborator.

The Divine Word Religion announces that Prince Yuugo of the Empire is the new Hero.

At the same time, it is announced that the Anareich Kingdom’s second princess Suelecia is betrothed to him.

Due to conspiring in the coup d’etat in the Kingdom, the Empire declares war on the elves followed by the raising of an army.

The Empire’s Army and the Demon King’s Army invade the elf village.

Various aspects of the chronological order

At the end of the fourth volume of the published work is something like a history. By looking at this, you should be able to understand various aspects of the chronological order. Well, there are a few differences between this and the web version though. Thus, in order to make the chronological order of the web version a little bit easier to understand, here is the following explanation:

Kumoko’s birth is approximately half a year before the reincarnators are born. Since she’s a spider monster, she’s born earlier than the humans. Incidentally, oni-kun was also born at a similar time.

↓

The reincarnators are born in various places. This was generally around the time of the fight with Alaba. If you look very closely, you can see that the summoner laments “why at such a time”. The summoner has also had a child born at this time (a reincarnator), and is lamenting about why he has to take on such a mission when his child has just been born.

↓

Spider-style vampire training. Training vampire girl while heading towards the demon territories. This is before those on Shun-kun’s side enroll at the academy.

↓

Arrival at the demon territory, secret manoeuvres begin. Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring. This is about the time that those on Shun-kun’s side enter the academy.

↓

Human-Demon Great War. The outbreak of the great war. On Shun-kun’s side, he knows that by becoming the Hero that Julius-nii-sama has died.

↓

The Kingdom is overthrown. Turmoil as Yuugo-kun overthrows the Kingdom. Shun-kun is in deep trouble. For this part, the perspectives from Kumoko’s side hasn’t yet been written.

↓

Elf village battle. Just who is the true mastermind behind this battle? (smirk)

There, that’s basically how the chronological order is. While Kumoko’s point of view has continued in a straight path the whole way through, the point of views from other characters diverges from her path and join around the halfway point, so it becomes rather confusing. Well, I deliberately made it hard to understand though. Right from the beginning of the included S-series, that was set in the future from Kumoko’s perspective in the chapters at the time. In the chapters being released now the story is thus approaching the S-series. Currently they’re in-between the Human-Demon Grear War and the overthrowing of the Kingdom. Just when is the story going to catch up to the elf village, I wonder (shudder).

Translation notes:

“Why at such a time” – the summoner doesn’t literally say this but it’s pretty much what he says in his first line in “The labyrinth’s nightmare ①”. In “The revolving lantern of the summoner” his wife wrote him a letter saying that their daughter had been kidnapped.

“Secret manoeuvres, secretly manoeuvring” – this is chapter 225.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 285: No matter how you look at it, he's the heroine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

285 – No matter how you look at it, he’s the heroine

Yamada-kun and co have taken refuge in a hiding place prepared by the third prince. Well, though it’s called a hiding place, because I overheard it, it’s not hidden at all. I’ve now arranged for a raid to be made on this hiding place. The one in command of the unit, is Ooshima-kun. I wonder how Yamada-kun will react when he finds out that the person who has always been beside him and supporting him since their previous lives has been brainwashed and is betraying him.

The reason why I’ve contrived such a tasteless plan, has nothing to do with wanting to bully Yamada-kun. While Natsume-kun seems extremely likely to do such a thing, I’m not that cruel at least. I’m not, okay?

My objective for having Ooshima-kun attack Yamada-kun, is to check the limits of the poorly understood Divine Protection of Heaven skill that Yamada-kun has. Divine Protection of Heaven. That’s the inherent skill that Yamada-kun has, which I found out from the brainwashed Ooshima-kun and Hasebe-san. Yamada-kun has talked about his inherent skill to his fellow reincarnators without trying to conceal it, it seems. Because of that I was able to confirm the existence of this skill without difficulty. It seems that the effect of the skill is to make it easier to achieve the desired result regardless of the situation. While many of the skills received as a reincarnation perk are unique skills, even amongst those this is a distinctive skill.

Just from hearing the effects you’d think that this is a cheat-like ability. Taking it to the extreme, it’s an opportunistic skill where if Yamada-kun thinks “I want this!”, then that could actually happen. Well, it only makes it easier to achieve the desired result though, so it probably doesn’t mean that the desired result will be achieved with certainty. If the desired result could be achieved with certainty, then it would exceed a certain dragon from somewhere that grants wishes when seven balls are gathered. That would totally be a cheat-of-cheats. A patch is required. Please update quickly.

Yamada-kun possesses such an opportunistic skill. But, Yamada-kun possesses yet another opportunistic ability on top of that. That is, the Hero title. The Hero title is so that humans can compete with demons on a level playing field, having several opportunistic hidden abilities. In the situation where that generation’s Demon King is so overpowering that the balance is broken, as if they were a desperate cornered protagonist, the Hero will gain a power-up.

「There is no way that I can lose here! YAHHHH!!!」

「Impossible! Where have you gotten such power from!?」

「This is for the sake of saving the world, the power of the Hero!」

Such cliched developments could actually occur, with this. Well, the Demon King is typically selected from the demons after all, and since demons live longer than humans they have higher status values by nature, so naturally it’s easy for them to be stronger than the Hero. So the title has a relief measure to keep the balance. It’s the Demon Kings who have to suffer from being affected by that. Even though the current Demon King is overpoweringly strong she would still get dragged into this matter. If the Demon King and Yamada-kun fought, then Yamada-kun would definitely gain a super power-up, with this.

The skill’s opportunism and the title’s opportunism. Yamada-kun possesses these two opportunism inducing factors. His own abilities are nothing special. Yet, with these uncertain factors he could be. Which is why it’s necessary to ascertain just to what degree will Yamada-kun’s opportunistic factors manifest.

If Ooshima-kun stands in his way, since they had a strong relationship even in their previous lives as well, then Yamada-kun should want Ooshima-kun’s brainwashing to be cancelled. Just what will result from that? Based on that I’ll estimate just how far Yamada-kun’s opportunism will go. Will it be possible to defeat the brainwashing from the broken skill of the Seven Deadly Sins series? If that can actually be done, then it means that Yamada-kun’s skill is more troublesome than a Seven Deadly Sins series skill.

Thus, while I’m watching over them, Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun fought each other.

To summarise the results: normies, go explode. I doubt you understand what I’m saying, but this is my unfiltered impression!

「The heck? I wish they’d just go explode.」

Beside me, vampire girl mutters the same impression as me. Yep. You’d want to say that right?

The result went beyond my expectations. As if anyone could expect this! Amazingly enough, Ooshima-kun threw off Natsume-kun’s brainwashing by himself. Even so, without being able to completely remove the power of the brainwashing, he stopped himself by self-destructing. His proficiency as the heroine is incredible! For the sake of the hero, and without concern for injuring himself, he actually self-destructed with all his power!

What followed on from that was also amazing. The self-destructing Ooshima-kun was healed by Yamada-kun. As a side effect of self-destructing, Ooshima-kun completely threw off Natsume-kun’s brainwashing and returned to sanity. Yamada-kun made a beautiful retreat while holding Ooshima-kun in a princess carry. “P R I N C E S S C A R R Y! P R I N C E S S C A R R Y!” Ooshima-kun had a heart-throbbing face expressing that before he fell unconscious. Yeah, he’s fallen in love. He’s completely fallen in love. No matter how you look at it, he’s the heroine. Thank you very much.

Conclusion: this is a rom-com? Er, no, no. Not that. Conclusion: Yamada-kun’s skill is quite dangerous. Regarding Ooshima-kun throwing off the brainwashing – while his strength of will and so on might have been part of it, I can’t believe that was enough to create such a dramatic development by itself. There should have been some influence from Yamada-kun’s skill. Considering that, it means that Yamada-kun’s skill is more troublesome than the Seven Deadly Sins series skills.

However, the third prince who stayed behind as the rear guard to allow Yamada-kun to escape was able to be captured without any problems. If everything had gone according to Yamada-kun’s wishes, then it would be strange for the third prince to not be able to escape as well. Which means that there’s also limits to Yamada-kun’s skill. Maybe there’s no influence unless Yamada-kun is nearby, for example. Hmm-mm. It’s hard to see the influence of the effect itself – I have absolutely no idea how far the power of Yamada-kun’s skill goes. I’ll be vigilant about it, but it might be hard to deal with it.

At any rate, isn’t the Ruler skill that Yamada-kun possesses breaking the rules? The healing that Yamada-kun performed on Ooshima-kun wasn’t any ordinary healing. After all, even if it was just for an instant, Ooshima-kun was dead. Ordinary healing magic will never be able to revive the dead. What made that possible, was the Ruler skill of Kindness that Yamada-kun possesses. The effect of that is resurrection from death. Using that power, Yamada-kun was able to revive Ooshima-kun who had died from self-destruction.

To be honest, I panicked a bit when Ooshima-kun self-destructed. That was clearly a fatal wound after all. Unsurprisingly, Ooshima-kun then died. If Yamada-kun had been even a second slower in applying resurrection, I would probably have rushed over there with teleportation. The moment that Ooshima-kun self-destructed, I had unconsciously stood up as well. Even though I knew that Yamada-kun possessed Kindness, I still panicked a bit.

However, this might be a chance instead. As compensation for using the Kindness skill, the level of Taboo rises. The Kindness skill makes resurrection from death possible, something virtually impossible to do within the System of this world. However, by continuing to revive the dead, what lies ahead is Taboo, which informs you about the truth of the System. Once he knows that, there’s no way he wouldn’t realise just what it means to resurrect the dead.

D’s work is as nasty as ever. It could fucking break one’s heart. However, I shall make use of that.

I’ll lay bait for Yamada-kun and cause people to die before his eyes. Yamada-kun would surely then perform resurrection of the dead. Which will cause his Taboo level to rise. Then when Taboo reaches the maximum, it will result in Yamada-kun learning about the other side of this world.

When that happens, Yamada-kun will be forced to choose. Whether to oppose us. Or otherwise, whether to join forces with us. Well, it’s also possible that he’ll choose to turn a blind eye to it all. The fate of the world is such a heavy responsibility that a normal person would not be able to shoulder it.

If he decides to oppose us, then I’ll crush him with all my might. However, I don’t think Yamada-kun will be able to do that. After all, he’s from an ordinary background. Although he actually became the Hero, originally he was an ordinary boy you could find anywhere. Which is why he surely wouldn’t be able to shoulder the fate of the world. I’ll have him learn the truth as soon as possible and induce him to stand down.

Author’s note: This covers “K2 The last obstinacy of a man”.

Translation notes:

“No matter how you look at it, he’s the heroine” – the use of “he” is intentional. In Japanese third person pronouns (such as “he” or “him”) are generally not used but it’s more or less unavoidable in English. So when Shiro has a line like the title or “he stopped himself by self-destructing” when referring to Ooshima-kun, it’s actually gender neutral in Japanese even though “Ooshima-kun” is currently Katia, ie female. I’m using male pronouns in the translation because Shiro uses -kun, which somewhat implies that the person being referred to is male. This does get a bit odd when Shiro also refers to Ooshima-kun as the “heroine” (ie being like the female lead character in a story), but please endure this for now. Maybe Shiro will change how she refers to Ooshima-kun, in which case I’ll probably use female pronouns in the translation.

“normies, go explode” – this is similar to the “Death to Normies” phrase that came up in the 2015 Christmas special. It’s more or less a literal translation of the phrase リア’

爆発しろ.

“For the sake of the hero” – here, “hero” is deliberately not capitalised. It’s not referring to the Hero title that Shun has but as if Shun was a character in a story. Ie Shun would be the “hero” (the main male character) and Katia / Ooshima-kun would be the “heroine” (the main female character and typically the love interest).

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286: Boldly marching through enemy territory
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

286 – Boldly marching through enemy territory

After the disturbance in the Kingdom, what followed was the large scale task to enable the Demon King’s Army to march towards the elf village. Since the elf village is in the human territories, to march there basically means for the Demon King’s Army to pass through the human territories. Normally it wouldn’t be possible to get that far. After all, for a long time the demons had been prevented from crossing the border to Empire. Well, there’s a reason for the demons deliberately stopping there as well though.

However, this time is different. Many of the forts protecting the Empire’s border have fallen for a start, making it practical to pass through. Even without that, by using Natsume-kun and vampire girl to seize hold of the inner workings of the Empire, there’ll be no problems so long as we can adequately fool the citizens.

By borrowing in advance things like Imperial Army uniforms and banners, the Demon King’s Army could be disguised as the Imperial Army. Well, we don’t have enough to equip the entire army with that though, so by having some conspicuous officers and so on be like that, at a glance nobody would realise that it was the Demon King’s Army. Even though they’re called “demons”, their appearance isn’t any different to humans after all. Just changing their clothing is enough to avoid suspicion.

Normally, members of the Divine Word Religion’s inquisition that have the Appraisal skill would be keeping watch everywhere, with the duty of discovering any demons who were trying to sneak in, but even they are acting more like collaborators this time. Even though they know who we are they’re just letting us through. Likewise with the Empire’s intelligence units.

Consequently, despite us being the Demon King’s Army, we were able to boldly walk through the human territories with complete success. The ones we’ve taken with us this time, are the 3rd Army lead by Mera, the 8th Army lead by oni-kun and the 9th Army lead by me. Just those three armies. Even the Imperial Guardsmen under direct control of the Demon King have been left in the demon territories along with Balto. That being said, even with just the soldiers from the three armies, we probably have more than enough forces. Just one army has enough strength to completely trample over a small human country. And we have three.

With such armies, attempting to secretly travel through would be fundamentally impossible. In which case it’s better to just go boldly instead. By coming through so boldly, even if anyone thought something was a bit off they would just consider it to be how things are instead. All the more so since the two great powers of the Divine Word Religion and the Empire are declaring us to be an allied army. Well, I’ve left making the necessary arrangements of all that to the pope so there shouldn’t be any problems.

I dunno what kind of negotiations the pope carried out to do it, but our army that entered the Empire’s territory is being allowed to transfer to a small country close to the elf village, by using a huge teleportation ring that the armies within the Empire use to allow them to teleport around. Even though it called a huge teleportation ring, it’s not able to teleport such large numbers of people at once. Thus, it means moving by splitting into smaller groups to teleport repetitively. That takes quite a lot of time as well. The fastest way would be if I teleported everyone together in one go, but if I did that my energy would be drastically reduced so I don’t want to. Besides, there’s no problem if it takes time either.

Since the situation has come this far already, it’s like water flowing from a high place to a lower place. It’s not something that can be stopped. At least, not unless it was by an existence like D who is able to re-write the scene from scratch. The only ones capable of doing that in this world are Kuro and I alone. Since the two of us are leading the strategy for this, there’s no way to re-write it. Therefore there’s no particular problem if it takes time. The only difference is whether the result comes sooner or later.

I gaze at the queue of people teleporting in groups. Because there’s too many people considering the width of the road, the length of the queue has become tremendous. The head of the queue is clearly too far to be visible with normal eyesight. At the head is the 4th Army lead by Mera. As might be expected from them being a regular army that was commanded by Balto originally, their appearance is very normal. Following on behind them is the 8th Army lead by oni-kun. Since they were a mish-mashed group originally, there are lots of irregularities in their equipment. They have a strong impression of being unorganised compared to the uniformness of the other armies, perhaps looking like a gathering of mercenaries. Finally, at the end of the queue is the 9th Army lead by me. Though we have the least members, we stand out the most. After all, every last one of the soldiers are wearing white clothing. To put it in a word – bizarre. Well, it’s my fault though!

Even with such a bizarre group, by flying the Empire’s flag, even though they get some suspicious looks they won’t be attacked. Since the locals were informed about the army coming through beforehand, they’re understanding. There’s children waving at the soldiers marching through and so on.

In the end, saying whether someone is a demon or is a human only amounts to this. If people didn’t know who was who, then they wouldn’t be conflicts. Even though they have historical reasons for their conflict and even though they have an obligation to fight, it’s still the case that if they didn’t know that they wouldn’t have any reasons to have a conflict. In a sense, if they didn’t know they might be happier. Someone might say that ignorance is a sin though.

「Shiro-chan, are you okay?」

A certain person who would be at the top of the list to say such a thing is worried about me. Currently the Demon King and I, and incidentally vampire girl too, are riding in an elegant carriage. However, I feel absolutely terrible. Do I look okay? Are we merely on a trip to discover the truth behind the conflict?

It’s wrong to throw natural loners like me into a crowd of people. It’s nauseating. Waves of people are nauseating. Ugh, I feel bad. Even within this carriage I can feel the presence of great numbers of people. Why are there so many people? Maybe I should decrease them a bit? Better to decrease them sooner rather than later, right? Shall I do it?

「Hey, you’re not thinking of something bad are you? Don’t do it, okay?」

Ughhh. At least once the battle starts I’ll be able to switch over and endure it, but like now where I have to just sit quietly while moving it’s painful. It’s not good for people to gather like this. Why do people form groups like this? Being alone is fine. Rather, seriously please let me be alone.

Ah! I sense from one of my clones that Yamada-kun has taken the bait! Now’s not the time to be like this! I gotta leave so that I can observe! This has nothing to do with this crowd of people being painful and wanting to get away from them! This is for a perfectly valid job okay!

「Consequently, I’m going out.」

「Shiro-chan, only an esper would be able to make sense of so few words you know? Consequently from what?」

I ignore the strangely frustrated Demon King and teleport. Phew. Finally I can breathe again.

Author’s note: This is the last update of the year. Everyone, have a good New Year.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 286.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Normally when you see Earth food being reinvented by reincarnators in a fantasy world it’s an easy way to make money, right? Normally…

Pre-translation note: Soba (or Japanese buckwheat noodles) are eaten both regularly and on special occasions. By itself, “soba” can mean both the plant (buckwheat) and the food in noodle form. Although there are some varieties that are eaten cold, it’s normally considered best to slurp noodles while piping hot using a particular technique.

A tradition exists to eat toshikoshi soba (New Year’s Eve Soba) on New Year’s Eve. The noodles are cut longer than normal to indicate a hope for a long and happy life.

Another variety is wanko soba, or “soba noodles in broth served continuously so that the guest or customer never has an empty bowl” – example video.

Except in the title, I decided to leave the types of soba untranslated.

SS – New Year’s Eve Soba

Author’s note:

Happy New Year. Certainly I said in the update last year that it was “last update of the year”! The reason: there’s people who would see that who wouldn’t read it right at the start of the new year on the 31st.

「Toshikoshi soba, huh.」

Vampire girl’s voice sounds exasperated. I ignore that, slurping the noodles in my bowl. Sitting next to me, the Demon King is also slurping noodles. Though, it seems she’s not able to slurp the noodles well and is struggling hard. Japanese people are practiced at it, but I’ve also heard that foreigners are surprisingly unable to slurp them. For the Demon King who possesses Gluttony to be like that is rather too surprising though.

「It’s just something similar to soba though. It’s a bit different to soba, but it’s quite tasty.」

Oni-kun talks about his impressions of the soba. Indeed, this soba, isn’t really soba. They might look like noodles that were imitating soba, but they’re not actually soba itself. After all, soba doesn’t grow naturally in this world for a start. What we’re currently eating is pseudo-soba that was developed through repeating various experiments until finally something like it was produced. Using my position as army commander to the max and embezzling from the army budget, I sunk money into developing this. Eh? It’s a crime? It’s fine, it’s fine. As long as it’s not exposed then it’s no big deal!

「I’m not talking about that aspect, rather than toshikoshi soba, isn’t this wanko soba?」

The moment I’ve finished eating the noodles in my bowl, a member of the 10th Army in white clothing quickly refills the bowl with additional soba. Wonderful! Perfect timing! All that training was worthwhile.

「Well, it’s still soba either way. Maybe in some regions it could be the case that the locals ate wanko soba for New Year’s Eve?」

「At my place we had normal soba.」

Vampire girl continues to voice complaints while slurping the soba. Behind her Mera is waiting in reserve, ready for the moment to replace the soba held in one hand. Mera should just eat too.

Thus, the cooks in the kitchen in front of us desperately continued to cook the noodles with agonising cries like it was a scene of hell. We’ve got the Demon King of Gluttony here after all. So naturally we gotta have a huge amount of noodles. I pretend not to see that the great pile of bowls stacked up in front of the Demon King exceeds those before me as well.

「By the way, Shiro-chan.」

The Demon King talks while munching the noodles, having given up on slurping them. You mustn’t talk while eating!

「Where did the budget for this come from?」

Gulp! So as not to expose the trembling within my heart, I slurp noodles. The bowl that had become empty, is refilled again with awesome timing.

「It’s so strange. I get the feeling that Shiro-chan’s personal assets wouldn’t be enough to cover this amount. Not even the cost of the materials.」

Chew, chew. Slurp, slurp.

「We’re eating together therefore you’re accomplices.」

「Ah, that’s dirty!」

Kukuku. As soon as we ate together the Demon King, vampire girl and oni-kun were all accomplices! You’ve lost the right to condemn me! Hah-hah-hah-hah!

「I’ll report this to Balto later.」

Sorry Balto. It’s possible that another direct attack to your stomach has already been decided. But despite that my chopsticks won’t stop!

Author’s note: best regards for this year too.

Translation notes:

“Kukuku” – an evil laugh.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 287: This jijii is somewhat unfathomable
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

287 – This jijii is somewhat unfathomable

I’ve come to the royal castle in the Kingdom. I took up position in a vacant room secretly, so that the humans within the castle wouldn’t notice. Well, there’s only a limited number of people within the castle currently, so it would be fine even if I wasn’t so sensitive about it though.

I had already used Natsume-kun to clear out people from the castle beforehand. Whether it’s the Kingdom’s crown prince or queen or whatever, they’ve been temporarily evicted, leaving it in a mostly empty condition. And so, Natsume-kun has been able to prepare a suitable defense force of his own choosing. Well, since the objective this time is to make Yamada-kun resurrect the dead, it’s not the case that we need to prepare for a proper defensive battle though.

Erm? That was the case, right? Doesn’t there appear to be someone real familiar looking here? Unless I’m mistaken, the strongest person in the Empire is here though. Yep. No matter how I look at him, the jijii over there is someone I’ve seen on several occasions. The first time I saw that jijii was in the upper layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. He was together with those fucking knights who burnt My Home to the ground. Then afterwards, don’t ask me why but he came to apply for an apprenticeship and so on. Ahh, so nostalgic. At that time he was a real oddball ossan, but in the years since then he’s had a class change to being a jijii.

Hmm-mm. That jijii was the one who shot and killed the shota of the 6th Army in the Great War, right. It should be obvious that he’s currently the strongest person in the Empire, so why is he here? Huhhh? Natsume-kuuun? This isn’t according to plan, surely?

Oh boy. Isn’t this is plainly bad? After all, isn’t that jijii is stronger than Yamada-kun, basically? What to do.

Ah well, whatever. There’s no way that Yamada-kun is going to die anyway. In the worst case he would simply retreat, surely. It’s not like this is a particularly important operation anyway.

If Yamada-kun is unable to get past the jijii then the third prince and other hostages will die. If Yamada-kun does get past the jijii, then providing that he also resurrects the dead quickly enough then the hostages will be saved. Even so, that’s only so long as resurrecting the dead causes Potimas’s parasitic soul to be torn off though.

The third prince has Potimas’s soul attached to him. The thing that Potimas had set up amongst the leaders of the Kingdom. Those such leaders of the Kingdom have already been purged, aside from the third prince. While this does mean that I still don’t know what Potimas had wanted to do with the Kingdom in the end, rather than letting him do whatever he likes, I would rather clean things up with a big purge. Thus, taking advantage of the disturbance in the Kingdom they were all killed off, but then I suddenly had an idea on seeing Yamada-kun resurrect Ooshima-kun. The idea that maybe by dying once could Potimas’s soul be ripped off? After all, once you’re dead it’s the end. With regards to the System, no matter what, once you’re dead the soul is pruned of everything that’s unnecessary. In which case, Potimas’s parasitic soul should also be pruned off.

But well, I can’t say anything for sure without actually carrying out an experiment. Yamada-kun’s resurrection of the dead seems to call back the soul before it’s completely taken away by the System. I think it probably wouldn’t succeed unless the resurrection is performed before the pruning work begins. So, Potimas’s soul might also be resurrected without any pruning being done. Well, if that happens I’ll just have to get rid of them again. The fate of the third prince depends upon Yamada-kun’s resurrection. He might not even get far enough to try that unless he can get past the jijii though!

Really, what the heck is the jijii doing here? This is Natsume-kun’s miscasting right. All he had to do was prepare a reasonably decent force, so why’s he deploying the greatest force within the Empire I wonder. Does he hate Yamada-kun that much?

That Yamada-kun is currently approaching rapidly, riding on a drake. Riiiding ooon a siiilver… ah, I better stop there else it’ll be dangerous. Or rather, I’m impressed that he’s invading by riding on a drake at high altitude. While I can also fly around the sky at will you know, perhaps because I experienced diving into those deep shafts in the Elro Great Labyrinth I’m not really good with heights. If it’s necessary I can also fly up into the sky, but I don’t think I would want to fly too high up. It’s best for humans to have their feet on the ground. Not that I’m human though.

Now then, how is the jijii going to take on Yamada-kun? Answer: anti-aircraft fire. O, oookay. Jijii, you’re unreal. He shot directly at Yamada-kun’s group despite them flying at such high altitude that they would barely be visible with the naked eye.

Just reaching that far is amazing. The effective range of magic depends on the strength of the practitioner’s magic offensive ability, and also how much MP they decided to invest. Also, just how well they have properly mastered casting magic. Simply activating magic while depending entirely upon the skills is no good. It is absolutely necessary to precisely grasp the flow of the activated magic and understand where to invest extra MP. In that regard, the jijii has considerable understanding it seems. Based on status values I remember the jijii having, there’s no way his magic would reach so far. For him to be able to do that means that he must have packed in a considerable amount of extra MP. That ossan who once came to apprentice to me has grown so splendidly. It’s not like I actually made him my apprentice, but somehow I’m feeling rather touched.

But, well, after travelling such a long distance the strength of the attack weakens. The magic flying towards Yamada-kun is easily intercepted and countered. Or rather, it’s amazing that it was countered by Yamada-kun’s magic, even though he’s technically the Hero. Still, despite Yamada-kun and co trying to take covert action it was easily seen through. Jijii, just what are you. Is he really human, this jijii? The pope for one this jijii for another, aren’t the old men amongst the humans quite suspicious somehow? Like, I wouldn’t be surprised if I was told that human old men were actually a different species you know?

Or rather, this is bad. Isn’t he seriously trying to shoot down Yamada-kun?

［Ah, damn. I can’t win this.］

［Hey!? Master!?］

［I quit, I quit. We’re retreating.］

My concerns were betrayed by the jijii himself. He said what were apparently complaints by telepathy to all the people who appear to be his pupils, then activated a group teleportation. They’ve teleported somewhere.

My mouth is agape. Eh, why did he withdraw then? It seems that I’m not the only one who can’t follow the situation – Yamada-kun’s group is also perplexed. Well, I guess?

But still, jijii, if you had continued like that you would have won, right? Since you have enough ability to do a group teleportation without effort. Going by my memory, during the encounter at the Elro Great Labyrinth I think you needed quite a lot of time to be able to activate a group teleportation. In the ten-something years since then, it seems he’s improved his skills considerably. With those skills he should have been able to even take on the Hero and his entire group.

Just why did he withdraw? He’s unfathomable. Well, it’s fine though since it’s convenient for me. I don’t feel satisfied somehow though.

Reference data:

Ronant at the time of “P, please wait!” : status values of 1500 in magic types, 300 in physical types.

Ronant at the time of the elf village war: status values of 4000 in magic types, 400 in physical types.

I published this before as well, but since it’s important here it is again. This jijii, he’s grown too much.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 288: Guardian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

288 – Guardian

As I secretly watch over them, the resurrection of the third prince and co is completed. It sure has been trivialised. Even though it’s literally a matter of life and death for people. The power of gods can even control life and death. Feeling as if I’ve been shown a fragment of D’s outrageous power, somehow I feel restless.

It’s not like I can’t resurrect the dead myself either. However, that’s limited only to this world where the “System” exists. It’s precisely because the very concept of life and death in this world differs to other worlds that it’s possible to use it here – a limited power. No matter how hard I tried, there’s no way I could resurrect the dead on a world without the System. That is, something that is entirely concocted by D. Before I became a god, though I couldn’t see the upper limits of that power, even since becoming a god I can’t see the depths of that power either. It’s frankly terrifying.

Even though it is the work of a miracle, Yamada-kun only has to pay a minor compensation to use it. He doesn’t appreciate just how extraordinary a thing that is. Merely with the compensation of an increase in the level of Taboo, a work of god can actually be performed. In the first place, if it was possible to bring people back to life so trivially, then I wouldn’t be so attached to life either.

Hmm. Since it would have been problematic if Yamada-kun’s MP had ran out, I’d limited it to three people, but perhaps I should have increased the number of people a bit? Looking at the situation, it certainly seems that Yamada-kun has yet to max Taboo anyway. Well, his Taboo level should have gone up by 3 at least, so it’s not like it’s been futile. Besides, getting Yamada-kun to max Taboo would have been something like a bonus anyway. Or rather, this whole thing has been like a bonus I guess. Even if it had failed I wouldn’t have been particularly bothered about it. I was able to carry out my other objective you see.

I take a good look at the third prince’s soul, now that he’s been resurrected. Yep. Potimas’s soul has been torn off. I’m satisfied just to know that it’s possible to separate from Potimas by dying once.

I’ve already accomplished my objective, so all that remains is to see that Yamada-kun and co safely escape. Will I then be thrown back into that huge mass of people again? No thanks. Let’s hang out here a bit longer, yes let’s do that.

「Shun, just in case, please check the status of the teleportation ring. It’s probably already destroyed and can’t be activated though. I’ll stay here and observe the condition of Leston and the other two.」

「I understand.」

It seems that Yamada-kun is going to check the status of the teleportation ring. The teleportation rings are one of the major means of travel in this world. Since you can cross between continents in an instant, it’s rather handy eh. If you wanted to cross between continents without using a teleportation ring, there’s no other options except to cross the ocean infested with water dragons, or to go through the Elro Great Labyrinth. The ocean is impossibly hard so in practice the Elro Great Labyrinth is the only way.

Yamada-kun and co are headed towards the teleportation ring to check it. Of course the teleportation ring has already been fully destroyed by Natsume-kun’s order. Naturally, I have no intention of letting them cross between continents so easily. Well, since such a thing was proposed “just in case”, I guess they wanted to be able to move about more freely.

The door to the room I’m in opens. To not even knock, he sure has no manners eh.

「You sure are getting up to some nasty hobbies.」

On top of that, that’s the first thing he says on entering. He’s pissed off? I guess so. As proof of that, the way he flumps down onto a chair facing where I’m sitting, is carelessly rough.

「You made Ronant-sama, who was Julius’s teacher, fight Shun who is Julius’s younger brother. While it made for a dramatic development, try putting yourself in his place. Can’t you damn well understand the feelings of Ronant-sama as he chose to withdraw?」

Not much point in asking me. It’s not like I was the one who arranged for that jijii to be here anyway. For the sake of declaring my intention to not accept his protest, I ignore him and drink some tea.

「It’s hardly humane you know.」

Ah, don’t go there. I’ve not human now nor ever have been okay. However, being spoken of like I’m some monstrous fiend is hardly pleasant.

「That’s not very god-like, Kuro.」

So I retorted back. Against the clone of Kuro sitting opposite me, who goes by the name of Hyrinth.

「I guess so. I think so myself, in that regard. A beginner you damn well may be but you’re much more god-like.」

Saying so, Kuro sighed deeply.

「I understand it though. That whatever I say about this matter it’s just venting my anger. I do appreciate that you lot are trying to do your best with your chosen path. However, even so, even so, these feelings are hard to contain.」

He laments. Well, considering he had to let the previous Hero Julius die when he was like a childhood friend with him, and watch Julius’s younger brother go through various bitter experiences on top of that, I’m sure anyone would feel ashamed. But hey, it’s no concern of mine though. I’ve got absolutely no concern for what this guy’s saying when at the same time that he’s administering this world, he’s also been running around accompanying the Hero pretending to be a champion of justice.

「Detachment due to resurrection confirmed.」

Therefore, I’ll ignore those feelings of Kuro and settle things with a report on practical matters.

「I see. If the detachment had not occurred then it would have been necessary to get rid of him again, so that is fortuitous.」

He shows an expression of relief from the bottom of his heart. After all, as Hyrinth he had a considerable amount of contact with the third prince. It’s to be expected that he would have wanted the guy to survive if at all possible. It’s not like I want to pointlessly kill either, so this helps me too.

「That being the case, it might have been better to resurrect the king.」

However, I wasn’t able to endorse his next words. That has the same meaning of wanting to save every human who could be saved. It’s not like you could even do it.

「I understand. You want to say that I’m being overly supportive of one side, right? I’ve entrusted every damn thing to you lot. So I don’t intend to interfere with how you do things.」

「Good.」

You were totally complaining just a moment ago though! I’ll forget about it. Be grateful that I’m so kind.

「Next is, the elf village huh.」

Indeed, indeed. We’re currently moving there. Ah, I just recalled something unpleasant. Do I really have to return to that huge crowd of people? Can’t I be allowed to waste some time somewhere until the movement is complete?

「Since this is you lot I’m talking about, I’m not going to worry. However, he hasn’t been living for such a long time just for show either. Don’t be careless.」

Not exactly a warning I can appreciate. I know all too well that’s the case. We’re prepared for any eventuality, so there’s not even a one in a million chance we could lose. The only difference will be whether we take heavy damage or light damage.

「Shun and co will be returning soon. I’ll excuse myself here.」

Saying so, Kuro left the room.

So long as that man protects Yamada-kun and the rest, unexpected situations will be impossible. Precisely because of that, I can have peace of mind. There is absolutely no chance that Yamada-kun and the others could die. Even if they did, if that man gets serious then he would even be able to resurrect them, like how I could.

The man called Hyrinth is a clone of Kuro. To be more precise, a being who was a stillborn son of a noble from the Kingdom who had a part of Kuro’s soul implanted into the body. While the soul was that of a god, since the body was that of a human, his status values as he grew to adulthood reflected that. Well, since he can use a fragment of Kuro’s power due to the soul connection, if he gets serious then he could make use of his power as a god. Since his body is that of a human with no connection to Kuro whatsoever, his appearance doesn’t bear the slightest resemblance to Kuro. From time to time Kuro creates clones like this, and it seems he takes actions that intermingle with human society. I have no idea what his objective is. It’s probably just killing time, or immersing himself with the sentiment of intermingling with the people of this world perhaps – the sorts of things I consider to be far removed from being practical. After all, he has no need to administer this world at all. Therefore he plays around.

However, even if he’s playing around his emotions still get affected. Since he and Julius were close friends, they shared their joys and sorrows. Then Julius was killed by me. I’m sure Kuro had complicated feelings about that. Even though he could logically accept that it was something that was absolutely necessary no matter what.

I guess that’s why. The reason why he’s so concerned about Yamada-kun. I guess he believes it’s atonement or something. In regards for letting his elder brother die. I guess that’s also why he’s gotten overprotective to the extent that he’ll come to me to complain a bit, like just now.

But still, people’s feelings eh. Did that jijii deliberately declare “I can’t win” and withdraw because he was facing his apprentice’s little brother then? That jijii actually had such sentiments as well then huh. I see.

……Well, there’s no need to consider people’s feelings though. I will only do what I need to do for myself. Consequently, I have to return. To the middle of that crowd of people.

……Suddenly, I want to resign from doing what I need to do.

Translation notes:

“Guardian” – the Japanese word used here is the same as the name of the skill that has appeared before. This is “guardian” in the sense of “one who defends others”.

To be clear, when Hyrinth tells Shun to go check the teleportation ring, Hyrinth is supposedly staying back and watching over the three who were just resurrected, while the rest went with Shun. Hyrinth takes this opportunity to go visit Shiro. The conversation between Hyrinth and Shun is not from a . Hyrinth’s speech style here is very similar to Kuro’s, though not identical – I guess he refers to Ronant as “Ronant-sama” due to being Hyrinth and not Kuro – in the chapter before the Great War, Hyrinth uses “Ronant-sama”. He tends to refer to Shiro as “kisama”, which is a very rude way of saying “you”, but it’s hard to convey this. Imagine him as having a slightly old style of speech and a lot of frustrations.

“The ocean is impossibly hard” – Shiro actually calls it a “無理ゲー”, or “impossibly hard video game”.

“not even a one in a million chance” – literally this is “not even a one in 10,000 chance” in the raw but the meanings are pretty much equivalent.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter ss-valentine: SS – Valentine
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

SS – Valentine

Author’s note: It’s late, but here’s a Valentine’s Day short story. It’s an anecdote that’s unrelated to the main story.

『Happy Valentine’s Day. This is friendship chocolate. I put all my effort into creating it so please eat it. From D.』

On waking up early, I found a box with cute wrapping placed beside me. Since I sleep in a simple Home to ensure my personal safety, how could something be placed beside me without me noticing? Since I have confidence in my Home it wounded my pride, but I consent to it when I read the name of the sender written on the card that was placed together with the box. If it’s that jerk then it can’t be helped.

Even so, chocolate huh? I guess even that great Evil God can do something good once in awhile eh. I love sweet things you know? On top of that, chocolate doesn’t exist here so I’m mega happy about this. Let’s eat it at once then.

Opens

「Mah ahh ahh ahh ahhh!!」

Closes

……What, was that? Was I seeing a hallucination, or on opening the box did I really see some mysterious brown gloopy creature that was crying in a strange voice? That was chocolate? Was chocolate actually something that would cause you to doubt your own sanity just from looking at it…? I’ll open the box again and confirm. Yeah. It’s possible that my eyes had temporarily gone strange I guess.

Opens

「Mah ahh ahh ahh ahhh!!」

Closes

What am I supposed to do with this. Eat it?

「So why have you brought this to me then?」

「Mah ahh ahh ahh ahhh!!」

「Eat it.」

「……I refuse.」

「Mah ahh ahh ahh ahhh!!」

I’ve come to Kuro’s place. Tossing something a god made to another god is the correct way to handle the problem. Thus I’ve come to try to force it on to Kuro, but it’s proving difficult to get him to accept it. Watch this, won’t he seem likely to want to accept it if I push it hard enough? If you look closely, doesn’t it have a certain charm to it? So there, accept it! You’ll be able to get chocolate from a girl on Valentine’s Day! You’ll definitely be treated with envious gazes from all the boys. If you don’t accept it then wouldn’t that be an insult to Valentine’s Day!?

There is a seesaw battle between me who is trying to force it on him and Kuro who obstinately refused to accept it. After that continued for twenty minutes, Kuro reaches for the creature as if resigned. Oh? Finally he has given up and feels like accepting it huh! I see, I see. Please take care of it forevermore.

He firmly grasps the creature with his right hand, and firmly grasps my chin with his left hand. Hm? Then he uses that hand to forcibly open my mouth, and forcibly tosses the creature inside.

「Mah ahh ahh ahh ahhh…」

The creature screams while disappearing deep into my mouth. Oh no, I ate it on reflex! What the heck is this!? It tastes like normal chocolate, dammit!

「D is a troublemaker as well.」

「Mah ahh ahh ahH!? Ahhh…」

「Just what is this thing?」

「Can you not tell by looking?」

「I am asking because I cannot.」

After stabbing the object making a strange voice with a spoon, the Japanese style beauty in maid clothes asks D, who has brought it to her mouth.

「It’s chocolate.」

「Chocolate does not emit strange voices.」

「That is merely prejudice. Will you eat it? It’s delicious, okay?」

「Even if it is delicious I do not want to eat something so strange.」

「It’s so delicious though.」

「More importantly, why did you neglect your work to make such a thing? Surely you can give me an acceptable reason?」

「I thought that I must do it because it’s Valentine’s Day. I will neither repent nor regret it.」

As for what happened to D after that, nobody knows.

Translation notes:

“Friendship chocolate” – in modern Japan, it’s traditional for girls to give other people chocolate on Valentine’s Day. This can be “giri-choco” (obligation chocolate, given to family and people who’ve helped you), “tomo-choco” (friendship chocolate, given to friends) and “honmei-choco” (true feeling chocolate, often homemade, given to your true love). It’s perfectly normal for girls to give other girls “friendship chocolate”.

“Placed beside me” – this could also be translated as “placed beside my pillow” or “placed beside by bed” but since Shiro seems to be sleeping in a “Home” (ie cocoon of threads) it’s not clear what else is there.

“Cause you to doubt your own sanity” – more literally “cause you to perform a Sanity Check”, referring to the Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth game, where seeing disturbing scenes can cause you to lose your sanity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 289: TAS
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

289 – TAS

Wow. Yamada-kun is totally going for it. He’s more aggressive than I had expected. Shockingly so.

As for what happened, Yamada-kun’s party arrived at the elf village before our Demon King’s Army – they got ahead of us, basically. Like, I don’t really get it. After all, the Kingdom that Yamada-kun was in is in a different continent to the elf village, you know? Just moving around should be pretty time consuming, especially now when Yamada-kun and co are currently on the international wanted list for being the masterminds behind the coup d’état in the Kingdom. In a situation where normally you wouldn’t be able to move, taking the quick decision of “let’s go to the elf village!” seems a somewhat unbelieveable route to go down. Aren’t you a bit too decisive?

Or rather, stop him already, Kuro. Consider what I wanted to achieve by restricting Yamada-kun’s movements. It was to prevent the worst case scenario where the Hero Yamada-kun defeats the Demon King, right. What the heck is with you going along with the mood and saying “Alrighty, I’ll go too!”, eh? That jerk, I bet he knowingly induced Yamada-kun. Next time we meet I’ll smack him down.

Still, I have to be impressed I guess. Yamada-kun’s Divine Protection of Heaven is amazing. After all, normally there’s no way he could have made it in time. It’s not just that there wasn’t enough time, but with all the obstructions around them even just getting to the elf village shouldn’t have been possible. Despite all that, Yamada-kun and co arrived at the elf village before us. They couldn’t have achieved that without taking the shortest and best route. In addition to combining all their abilities, they would have needed good luck piled on top of good luck. I’m sure that’s all down to Yamada-kun’s Divine Protection of Heaven.

There was practically no time to spare. Even with using teleportation, it should have taken a minimum of 10-odd days to reach the elf village. For our Demon King’s Army and for the Imperial Army lead by Natsume-kun it would also take 10-odd days to arrive, or perhaps a bit more. It felt like even if they could take the shortest route they shouldn’t have made it in time. In addition, that was only provided that they would be able to take the shortest route. If they had started moving just a day later they would have failed, and if they had taken more time than planned while travelling they would also have failed. It was like a chess problem where they couldn’t afford a single mistake. However, it’s not like Yamada-kun actually realised just how tight a situation he was in though.

Moreover. To be able to cross from one continent to another, there is a place that you must go through. As I’m sure you’ve realised, that’s the Elro Great Labyrinth, the world’s largest labyrinth, where I was born and raised. As might be expected from it connecting continents, the scale is on a whole other level compared to ordinary labyrinths. Having to take the shortest path while conquering that Great Labyrinth readily indicates the degree of difficulty.

If they hadn’t chosen to come through the Elro Great Labyrinth then the result would have been obvious. Via the pope the teleportation rings in each country have already been blockaded. A particularly strong watch had been placed on the country where Yamada-kun’s half-sister had gone to. If Yamada-kun’s party had gone there then he would likely have been captured as easily as a moth lured by a flame. Considering that his first choice amongst his options was to plunge into the Elro Great Labyrinth, it felt like he already knew somehow.

Moreover, they chose a good guide. I was fascinated by the guide who is a nice guy oji-sama who I somehow remember seeing somewhere before, but this person is amazing. As for what’s amazing, his route selection is mega. He selected the shortest and very best routes like it was natural as they pressed forwards. Even if Yamada-kun’s Divine Protection of Heaven was assisting, it would still be impossible if the oji-sama himself wasn’t an outstanding guide. It wouldn’t be possible to to achieve such a feat without accurately memorising the complex paths of the vast Elro Great Labyrinth.

Thanks to the oji-sama’s precise guidance, Yamada-kun were able to break through the Elro Great Labyrinth without even having to experience a genuine hard fight you know. When I think just how much of a hard fight it was for me to be able to leave the Elro Great Labyrinth, yeah, I better stop this line of thought. Just stop it. If I think about it too deeply a wave of murderous rage will awaken.

The one time when the Earth Dragon appeared resulted in a real battle, but I bet that Kuro instigated that anyway. Considering that an Earth Dragon that was weak enough for Yamada-kun and co to beat just happened to turn up, no matter how you look at it I can only think that it was something that he set up. Maybe he wanted to let Yamada-kun and co to level up a bit or something.

Well, for me, the bigger surprise was just after that when the babies turned up. They said a bunch of super profound sounding stuff and scared Yamada-kun and co, but what were they really up to? They might be my kids, but their thought process can’t be understood. When I went to ask them what they were up to immediately after they came into contact with Yamada-kun and co, they snuggled up to me while somehow totally giving off an aura of “praise me, praise me” though. Umm, yeah. Based on that attitude, I can’t tell them off without giving them an opportunity to explain their side.

Apart from the chance meeting with the babies, Yamada-kun’s party was able to conquer everything smoothly. Considering the abilities of Yamada-kun and co they conquered it in the shortest time possible. Thus they reached the elf village without any problems.

It’s strange, I guess. The Empire via Natsume-kun and the Divine Word Religion via the pope – there were all sorts of dragnets put in place to stop Yamada-kun’s party, yet he bypassed all of them. For them to be able to bypass such a thorough setup, I can now only laugh about it. Dah-hah-hah-hah! Erm, yeah. I know that it would have been best if I had tried to give guys from those places some instructions, but this is me we’re talking about here okay! There’s just no way I could suddenly turn up and give orders to some unfamiliar guys, right? Besides which, I’m not in the chain of command for those guys in the first place – it’s Natsume-kun and the pope. If I just casually turned up to give them orders, it’s obvious that they’d respond with something like “who the heck are you?”

Let’s stop with the excuses. In short, this is a case of “don’t talk to strangers”. That feels slightly off though, but it’s not wrong.

Still, it’s like this. Considering how much I suffered to be able to leave the Elro Great Labyrinth, seeing it conquered so easily gives an indescribable feeling. Humph! Even if you call that a conquest, Yamada-kun and co only passed through the upper layer anyway! I conquered the middle and lower layers as well! It seems that the upper layer has weakened. However, that was already the weakest layer in the Erlo Great Labyrinth. For it to be conquered so easily is a disgrace to the Elro Great Labyrinth. Or something like that! If you want to boast about it you better at least conquer the middle layer! ……I feel so empty. Nai wa. Yeah, nai wa……

Sigh. Well, since they’ve arrived already there’s no helping it. I’ll take action to prevent them from coming into contact with the Demon King as much as possible. To be honest, though Yamada-kun and co are scary in the sense that they might cause an unexpected situation, in terms of pure combat strength they’re nothing special. I’m sure even Natsume-kun would act as a decoy if they run into each other.

There is just one person that the Demon King and I are in conflict with. Potimas Hyphenath. For the first time since I became a god, I’m about to get serious too.

Translation notes:

“nice guy oji-sama who I somehow remember seeing somewhere before“ – naturally this is Basgas who she saw in chapter 127.

According to volume 5 of the LNs, the English romanisation of Potimas’s name should be “Potimas Harrifenas” – I’ve used the previous romanisation for consistency.

“I’m about to get serious too” – in the sense of using her true/full power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 290: Before the Elf Village Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

290 – Before the Elf Village Battle

There is a barrier surrounding the elf village. The Imperial Army has brazenly taken up position right in front of it without any attempt to hide. Then, in a place some distance from the Imperial Army, the Demon King’s Army has quietly set up camp. Furthermore, clustered as if in a formation on the opposite side of the elf village from the Imperial Army, is a squad of Taratekts lead by a Queen Taratekt. Still furthermore, on standby alone on the opposite side from the Demon King’s Army, is me together with the Demon King and a limited number of her subordinates. In terms of numbers there might be the smallest amount here, but in terms of combat strength we’re the most powerful, basically. In terms of layout, going clockwise around the elf village in the middle is the Imperial Army, the Demon King’s Army, the Taratekt squad, then the Demon King and I completing the encirclement.

The strategy is as follows. Firstly, with a whack I will destroy the barrier surrounding the elf village. Here we’ll set up a trick to make it look like the Imperial Army did their best with a new form of great magic to make it seem like they destroyed the barrier. I’m sure it’ll at least make for a distraction.

Then, the Imperial Army will advance with Natsume-kun in the lead. Natsume-kun should draw all the hate towards him, so all the elves will most likely flood towards there. At least Yamada-kun’s party should do me a favour and head there, I think. Or rather, if they don’t then it’ll be troublesome. We just gotta avoid the worst case scenario of the Demon King and Yamada-kun running into each other. Kuro, can I leave it to you? Please guide them properly, okay?

Well anyway, while the elves are focused on the Imperial Army, the Demon King’s Army will start to advance. They will deliver an attack on the elves from the side. Command of the Demon King’s Army has been left to Mera and oni-kun, and vampire girl is there too so there shouldn’t be any problems. Felmina-chan is there just in case as well so I’m sure it’ll work out somehow. Even if the elven forces are beyond what we had expected, they should still be able to retreat safely. Basically, so long as vampire girl and oni-kun are there, they should be able to manage one way or another.

And then, when the elves are faced with dealing with a war on two fronts with the Imperial Army and Demon King’s Army, we’ll then pile on them with the Taratekt squad as a present. The Queen will be there too! Just with the Queen alone it would be a hopeless battle, but in addition there’s 14 Archs. There’s 51 Greaters. And a bunch of others. Seriously, wouldn’t they be enough by themselves I wonder? Normally the elves would die.

So their agonising cries like it was a scene of hell is to be expected, and the Demon King and I plan to stealthily infiltrate the interior of the elf village by taking advantage of that confusion. The plan is to take decisive actions such as securing the reincarnators and the killing of Potimas’s main body but so long as Potimas’s main body is killed, then this war is as good as won. We’ve already gotten rid of all the clones he has outside of the elf village. The one that vampire girl got rid of in the Kingdom was probably his last clone. Even if some have slipped through, he’s not able to switch between the main body and clones like me. For Potimas, his main body really is his main body, so his clones are basically remotely controlled. Because of that, so long as his main body is killed, then at that instant all his clones would become meaningless.

The Imperial Army, the Demon King’s Army and even the Taratekt squad are all decoys. I’m sure that the Imperial Army which is the first decoy will suffer significant damage, but they were always an army that was gathered to be used then thrown away. So long as they can draw the elves’ attention that’s good enough. Then the elves will be ransacked by the Demon King’s Army and the Taratekt squad. During that opening, the Demon King and I will then take whatever action we want. To be blunt, the Demon King and I just by ourselves have more combat strength than all the other armies put together.

Except the Demon King and I are currently glaring at each other.

「No matter what Shiro-chan says, I won’t yield on this okay.」

「What’s wrong is wrong.」

The extreme tension in the air is engulfing the surroundings. The Puppet Taratekts accompanying the Demon King are unable to withstand the tension and are shivering in fear. With neither the Demon King nor I willing to back down on our opinions, we continue to glare at each other.

As for what we’re arguing about, it’s who gets to terminate Potimas’s miserable existence. Because of the case with sensei and more, I want to beat the crap out of Potimas. Speaking of that more, because I can’t predict how dangerous Potimas is, it’s safer for me to deal with him since I’m stronger than the Demon King.

On the other hand, despite the Demon King being well aware of that, she still insists on wanting to fight with Potimas. Well sure, the Demon King has had to put up with Potimas being able to do whatever the hell he likes for so long. I’m sure her feelings are far deeper than mine.

However, her opponent is that Potimas Hyphenath. He is a man who has continued his secret maneuverings all this time, making enemies of the entire world, all by himself. He has the technology behind the cyborg body that the vampire girl defeated previously and the robots in the old world underground facility that became the trigger for my apotheosis. Taking them into account, my expectation is that the combat strength that Potimas has command over could even reach that of the Demon King. Considering what could potentially occur in such a insignificant place, I want to have a safety margin. Despite all that, the Demon King stubbornly refused to listen to that explanation. If that was all then I could still bear with it. I too have the desire of wanting to personally tear Potimas limb from limb, but the Demon King is going further than that. I think it would be fine to compromise. So long as she has my support.

「At least accept some support.」

「I refuse. This is my fight. I won’t accept any intervention from anybody. Say whatever you like.」

This is the problem. The Demon King absolutely insists on finishing everything by herself. Whether it’s support from me, or support from her own subordinates she won’t permit anything. That she wants to put an end to the ancient connection between them one-on-one.

「I know that I’m being selfish. However, I can’t yield on this. I must finish everything with Potimas by myself. After all, that guy is my…」

The Demon King’s eyes are resolved for the worst. Being directly stared at by those eyes, it starts to feel like I’m the one in the wrong.

「You might die you know?」

「Of course I know that. In the first place, my life span is already nearing the end. Even if I die here, I won’t regret it. Because if I die, I believe that Shiro-chan will then deal with Potimas in my stead.」

With her expression saying that even if she dies she’ll take Potimas down with her, she sure has a lot of nerve to say that. Argh. Nai wa.

I sigh heavily. If she’s going to go that far then there’s no way she’ll back down. The Demon King plans to bet everything from her long life on challenging Potimas. Wagering her own pride. I guess there’s no way that I can deny her that. Since she’s telling me this in such a way that she knows I’ll have to back down while being fully aware of that fact, she sure is nasty.

「Unforgivable.」

「Eh?」

「Dying is unforgivable. Because if you die then at that moment I would abandon this miserable world and flee. So as to also prevent me doing something so irresponsible, you absolutely must survive. Got that?」

「……Roger that, boss.」

Being unable to watch the Demon King’s face as she saluted with a smile while crying, I turned my head to the side.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 291: Elf Village Battle ①
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

291 – Elf Village Battle ①

There’s been one thing or another, but what’s left is to break the barrier and storm in. And so, about that barrier thing, when I see it for real with my own eyes it’s bad news. To put it in a word, it’s AMAZING. Not just amazing, it’s AMAZING. That’s just how bad news this barrier is.

From the fact that the Demon King can’t break it, it’s readily apparent just how strange it is. The Demon King’s status values of approximately 90,000 are a step below the System maximum. Given that she can’t break it, it means that with any status values in this world, it’s already impossible to break it. Not unless you surpass the limit. Thus, it can be said to be impossible to create such a thing with the power of the System. In other words, this barrier was created using technology that is unrelated to the System. Therefore, if you consider the technology capable of creating such a thing without using the System, there’s basically only one type. The super-technology that uses MA Energy. Moreover, to maintain a barrier of this intensity, a large quantity of MA Energy needs to be consumed. It takes some nerve to use a barrier with such ridiculous conditions. This is defective equipment that shortens the life of this planet while in use, basically. Hey Kuro, why did you neglect this thing all this time?

Well, all that ends today as well. It’s finally time to destroy this dangerous thing. And so, I take out a golden bat! It’s time for some baseball!

「Eh?」

The Demon King makes some kind of stupid voice, but this bat is amazing okay? Anyhow, it’s something from D’s place. The second convenient item from the single-use only series! If a full swing is made with this, oh my how strange! No matter what it’s made out of, it gets smashed to smithereens! Even the barrier would be no big deal.

Basically, it would be rather difficult to try to destroy this barrier with just my own power. That’s because my basic abilities are rather lopsided you see. If things didn’t go well it’s possible that a great quantity of MA Energy would be consumed. Therefore I’ll use whatever I can. Even if it’s something that D made!

Any time now the Imperial Army will fire off their great magic. I then just have to do a full swing with this at the same time. Well then… The batter’s box is ready! Player Shiro hits! It’s a home run! As if.

I do a full swing with the bat to match the timing of the Imperial Army firing the great magic. The bat pulverises the barrier into tiny pieces, and having performed its role the bat also breaks apart.

Okay. Let’s go then.

「Shiro-chan, what’s with that bat that had a totally AMAZING sinister aura just now?」

「Demon King, there’s many things that you are better off not knowing about, okay?」

Although the Demon King asked about the bat, I’d rather not have her poke her nose into D’s carefully made convenient goods. While they certainly are convenient, on the other hand they’re all terrifying to use. After all, it’s D who made them you know? Wouldn’t you be scared of having some terrible curse attached to you? I did do a careful check on them, and only used the ones that I could confirm don’t have such a thing, you see. But this is D we’re talking about, so it wouldn’t be surprising for something to slip through my checks. Even so, I will use them when it’s appropriate. They’re so convenient after all! Though saying that I only have one item left now. I used the clock on Kuro already, and the bat just now. I should have the cards left still, but I lost those at some point though. I wonder where they ended up?

Well, rather than worry about that now, it’s time to get the action started. When I use clairvoyance to get an overview of the state of the entire elf village, I see that losing the barrier has thrown the elves into panic and that the Imperial Army has begun to advance in high spirits with Natsume-kun in the vanguard. I shift my attention to the reincarnator residential area. Currently I can’t see any indication that the elves are about to do something to the reincarnators. In the past I had infiltrated inside the barrier with my clones just in case, secretly deploying the bile sisters, so that I could quickly rescue them in case anything happened. There’s an atmosphere like trouble seems to have broken out between the reincarnators themselves, but I guess that’s Ogiwara-kun, the spy the pope had sent in? It kinda seems like he screwed up. Hmm, well, there’s no problem to leave it as is.

Now while the elves are focused on the Imperial Army, it’s time that we began our own jobs. And so, let’s start moving. With me in the vanguard, I’m guiding the Demon King and co. I myself am capable of teleporting all over the place, but the Demon King isn’t able to you see. Besides, if I use teleportation it’s likely that the space tremor will be detected and our movement exposed. While we might have been exposed already, maybe we haven’t either. So just in case, we’ll take covert action.

I chose places without elves and plunge forwards. As we rush through the forest, I limit my speed enough so that the Demon King’s subordinates, the Puppet Taratekts, can keep up with us. I don’t neglect my intelligence gathering with clairvoyance while doing all this.

In spite of the desperate search made by the bile sisters, the exact location of Potimas has not been confirmed. It seems he was seriously rigorous about concealing himself. Truly, such prudence is typical of Potimas. However, the fact that he can’t be found instead becomes a clue for identifying his location. Not being able to find him after searching so much, means that he is in the places that can’t be searched. Having said that, it’s inconceivable that he chose somewhere outside the village. Since that Potimas is using a barrier of that magnitude, I doubt he would take a gamble on placing his main body outside. His main body must be inside the most secure barrier. And also, in a place within that barrier that couldn’t be searched. Considering all that, it’s possible to identify his location. He’s underground. Since he couldn’t be found after searching every nook and cranny above ground, he has to be there.

What I must discover, are the passages that lead underground. However, there’s no need to search. Above ground, there hasn’t been even a single sighting of a robot created using the super-technology that Potimas should have. In that case, they should be concealed below ground in the same place as Potimas’s main body. With the attack they’re facing, they won’t be able to cope without using those robots. At some point they will definitely be released. When that happens, we just have to attack the place that they come out from. Since the very place that they come out from should be a path that connects to where Potimas is.

And, right when I say that, about one kilometer ahead of us the ground surface suddenly splits open, and from there robots come creeping out. Wow. It’s some robots with an appearance like something that could appear in a certain war amongst the stars movie. Four arms and four legs. Those four arms have guns attached. A bunch of SF-like robots that don’t fit this fantasy world.

As soon as the robots get above ground, they start moving towards us. It seems that Mr Enemy has already noticed us. Using four legs for dexterity, they dash through the forest at high speed. They’re fast huh. Converting them into System status values, I guess around 5,000? For the Demon King and I that level of speed is trivial, but for the Puppet Taratekts it might be a bit of a hard fight. The Puppet Taratekts might have status values of over 10,000, but I don’t know how powerful the weapons that those robots are equipped with are though, and there’s a lot of them as well.

「Enemies approaching. I will deal with them.」

I briefly report to the Demon King and co. Immediately I move at high speed, before the robots can get close enough for visual contact, I activate my magecraft. Multiple bullets of darkness fly out, and rain down on the robot army. The robots are penetrated with barely any resistance, and are destroyed.

……How fragile. This is Potimas’s combat ability? Nah, can’t be. There’s no way it’s just this junk.

But, well, I’ve found the underground entrance. I ignore the wreckage of the destroyed robots as I pass through them, and arrive at the entrance that the robot army came out from. It seems that the lid to the entrance is being closed in a hurry, but I stop that by force. Or rather, I smash the lid itself.

The entrance that the robots came out from, has become a steep descent. Down there, is Potimas.

I exchange glances with the Demon King, who silently nods her head and heads down. From here on, only the Demon King will proceed. Because that is the Demon King’s desire. We will not interfere. However, to watch over her I’ve secretly placed a single miniscule size clone, and it accompanies her. Don’t die, demon King.

Now then, time for me to do what I can here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 292: Elf Village Battle ②
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

292 – Elf Village Battle ②

I see the Demon King off, and while at it instruct each of the Puppet Taratekts to move according to their own judgement. If I need to keep moving in step with these guys, I won’t be able to take action freely. Based on the ability of the robots seen just now, even these guys should be able to deal with them. Well, there’s no way I can think of these robots as being the most dangerous things in his armoury, so it wouldn’t be at all strange if something terrible turns up though. The Puppet Taratekts are as smart as anyone else anyway, so I’m sure that if they feel that it’s too dangerous then they’ll withdraw. Hmm. Go ahead and raise hell. Meanwhile, I’ll do as I please.

That being said, what shall I do first? The top pick would be to go out and secure the reincarnators. For the moment the reincarnators don’t seem to be in any danger, but if I secure them then I’ll be able to guarantee their safety.

The second pick would be to keep reducing the elven forces. Basically to go around and whack every last one of the robots. To put it simply, I feel that would be the best. Apart from the robots, the normal elven forces are on a level where just the Imperial Army and Demon King’s Army can manage. If the robots aren’t here then the elven forces are not much different from normal humans with a bit more magic ability included. Even though they have the advantage of location, while they are fighting with the Imperial Army, once they receive a surprise attack from the Demon King’s Army from the side, they’ll be helpless. Or rather, the Demon King’s Army has vampire girl, oni-kun and Mera anyway. Just those guys alone will be able to trample down the elves.

And so, for the elven forces apart from the elves themselves, in other words the robots hidden underground, I think I’ll go exterminate them. If I can manage that somehow then we’ve basically won. As for the reincarnators, well, since the bile sisters are there, it’ll be fine to leave them alone for a while. Now then! It’s time for some R-O-B-O-T H-U-N-T-I-N-G!

And the moment I think that, the ground starts splitting open all over the place, and a large number of robots come out from there.

Crank, crank. Erm? Isn’t that a lot? Yeah, loads! With a quick glance, there’s definitely at least 10,000 of them though!?

Woah. I thought they were fragile, but they were mass production general purpose robots then huh. Having 10,000 robots that are each about equal to a dragon, that sure would be a threat to the people of the world. The violence of numbers is scary.

Anyway, a certain familiar jijii is receiving an attack from those robots. Yep. It’s the well-known jijii from the Empire. That jijii is without doubt the strongest human in the Empire, or rather, he’s strong enough to be nearly the strongest human around, but it seems that even he is having a hard time against those robots which are about as strong as a lower class dragon.

Hrm. What’s to be done here? While he could be called an acquaintance, it’s not like I ever had much to do with him anyway, so I don’t have to help him. Well, whatever. I need to scrap all the robots that have come out anyway, so I’ll just do it in passing, just in passing.

I activate magecraft on all the robots surrounding the jijii. Instead of choosing the darkness magecraft from last time, I selected space magecraft. The robots are swallowed into another dimension, and there my waiting clones will start disassembling them. In doing so, I’ll chew up all the energy from the power source that propels the robots. It’s precious energy for a start, so I’ll have it collected in order to utilise it properly. It sure seems that absorbing external energy is one of my strong points. Apparently, it’s not normally possible to readily absorb wild energy. I can do it though so I’ll use it.

The jijii was able to defeat one robot, but he’s suffered such a serious injury that it’s almost a double knock-out. I’ve come this far, so just in passing I quickly perform treatment.

「Oohh! You are………………………!

……………………………………………………!!」

The jijii shouts out something but I ignore it and go on to hunt the next set of robots. Yep. I had remembered. That once that jijii starts talking he goes on forever. I don’t have time right now for such a long talk. Therefore, ignore, ignore. I’ve consumed pretty much all the robots in the region around the jijii, so I’m sure he’ll be able to return by himself.

I go around tossing every last robot that I come across into the other dimension. Kusama-kun was being chased around by robots so I rescued him. There’s robots appearing around the Taratekt squad, but the Queen is there so I can put off doing something about them.

Then, while I’m doing my best dealing with the robot army, I spot the scene of vampire girl and oni-kun bullying Yamada-kun’s party. What the heck, guys. Yamada-kun seems to be holding his head and floundering around or something though. Eh? Doesn’t that look bad? The way he seems to be suffering looks rather abnormal, so did vampire girl and oni-kun do something to him? On top of that, I took my eyes off him for a minute and Natsume-kun has died! What the heck!? I had planned to knock him down later so that sensei could punish him properly though!? Why is he dead!? It rather seems like a bunch of unexpected things have occurred, so I guess I’ll go take a look.

I move to where vampire girl and oni-kun are by teleporting. Thereupon, there’s zombies rampaging around that are probably being controlled by vampire girl, and Ooshima-kun and Kuro who are fighting hard trying to protect Yamada-kun who has collapsed and is convulsing.

「Wakaba-san.」

While moaning, Yamada-kun notices me, and utters that name. Then, like a puppet having its strings cut, he loses consciousness. It doesn’t seem like he’s died, but considering his state just now I can’t be careless. Anyway, I better check his condition, and treat him.

Thinking that, I take a step forwards, but a certain person stands in my way. With the fallen Yamada-kun behind her, thrusting a sword before me with a desperate expression on her face, is Ooshima-kun. Hrmm. I’m basically trying to save Yamada-kun here, but if you come at me with that “I’ll die before letting you pass!” attitude, it’s troubling. Right next to the strangely acting Ooshima-kun is Kuro, but when I glance my head towards him, the bastard ignores me. Instead he lines up along-side Ooshima-kun. Like this, instead of Kuro, I guess he’s acting as Hyrinth in this place? Hrm, hrmm. If Kuro is taking that attitude, then I guess it’s okay to assume that there’s nothing urgently wrong with Yamada-kun that requires action?

In which case, I guess there’s no need to rush things. First of all, I guess beating down the ringleader behind this chaos comes first, yeah.

「I wonder why? Is it just my imagination or is there a really bad aura coming off of goshujin-sama, I wonder?」

It’s not your imagination, my dear vampire girl. I bet you’ve done something unnecessary! Come on, spit it out quickly! What did you do!?

「Please don’t make such a reproachful expression. I haven’t done anything, okay? Goshujin-sama, I don’t think it’s good to one-sidedly decide that whenever something happens that it’s my fault.」

No way!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 293: Elf Village Battle ③
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

293 – Elf Village Battle ③

「You are Wakaba-san, right? Just what is going on here!? What was done to Shun!?」

Ooshima-kun yells that out, but I’m just about to put the screws on the likely suspect who did something to Yamada-kun, so please wait a moment.

「Shiro-san, we truly haven’t done anything.」

Just as I had seized vampire girl by the scruff of her neck and was about to make her confess everything, there’s an unexpected defense motion from oni-kun!

「Shun did something to the half-elf who is collapsed over there, and then suddenly he was in pain. Based on the situation, isn’t it likely that Shun used some skill and then experienced a side-effect from that?」

To oni-kun’s calm analysis, vampire girl nodded her head quickly in support. Suspicious. That vampire girl’s eyes are swimming a bit, is extremely suspicious.

「Well, the one who caused the situation that forced Shun to use a skill was Sophia-san though.」

Never expecting oni-kun’s support to be reversed so quickly, vampire girl turns to look at oni-kun with such force that you can practically hear a “vwhip” sound effect. Her face totally has “I don’t believe this guy, why the fuck did he expose it!” written on it. As expected, the perpetrator is YOU isn’t it!

「The zombies that Sophia-san is controlling fatally shot the half-elf over there. Shun did the medical treatment, but the next moment Shun was in pain. That’s about how it looked from my perspective.」

Oni-kun concisely explains the situation. Yup, easy to understand indeed. Hm? He did treatment then was in pain?

「By the way, unless I’m mistaken, it shouldn’t have been possible to treat that half-elf in time. It was a fatal wound to all appearances after all. No matter how good Shun’s magic abilities might be, there’s no way she could be saved in time.」

Hmm? Huh? In other words, the half-elf who is unconscious right next to Yamada-kun had actually died? However, she’s breathing normally for a start and is basically just unconscious right? Which means that Yamada-kun used his Kindness skill to resurrect the dead then?

「Is what Shun did resurrecting the dead? Well, for such an ability, there’s no way such a thing should be possible without compensation, right? I don’t know what kind of compensation there might be, but considering how much Shun was suffering it seems about right. Kanata, I’d rather you don’t blame us for that okay.」

As if spitting it out, oni-kun said so to Ooshima-kun, who is still holding up her sword firmly. Even though her eyes are showing confusion, there is the light of reason in her eyes as she tries to sort out the situation. It seems she’s desperately thinking about whether it’s possible to break through this situation.

However, I can’t afford to worry about that right now. I’m dripping in cold sweat. Isn’t the reason for Yamada-kun’s collapse, my fault in a way? After all, for him to collapse after using Kindness, that absolutely has to be because his Taboo level was max’d, right? The compensation for using Kindness is for Taboo to go up a level. If it was just that then there’s no pain or anything. Not unless Taboo’s level is max’d. I’ve experienced that myself as well, but even now I still can’t forget that revolting experience. Yep. It’s no surprise for him to lose consciousness.

And so, it just happens that the perpetrator behind the previous incidents to raise Yamada-kun’s Taboo level by deliberately causing people to die in front of him, is right here. It’s me! Indeed, it’s my fault that Yamada-kun’s Taboo level has max’d! The final straw was due to vampire girl’s actions, but it’s still a fact that I had been causing it to pile up previously. Ack, I can’t blame vampire girl now.

「Besides all that, Kanata. Didn’t you make rather too much fuss over Shun merely losing consciousness?」

While I’m pondering how to conceal to truth, oni-kun conveniently changes the subject.

「Shun is still alive. He’s not dead. Also, this is a battlefield. It’s not unusual to die here. Despite all that, why did you get into such a panic over something as minor as him losing consciousness? I hope I’m wrong, but surely you are not standing here with neither the resolution to die, nor the resolution to lose others, right?」

A sense of intimidation surges out from oni-kun, like an electric shock. Perhaps they were overwhelmed by the intimidation, as the Imperial Army and elven army fighting a short distance away stop moving. Even the zombies that are already lifeless seem to have stopped moving out of dread. Ooshima-kun, who is faced with taking that intimidation head on, has a torrent of sweat running down her while quivering. As if she had had a bucket of water thrown over her, a ridiculous amount of sweat is pouring off her. Her body is visibly shaking in fear. It’s to the degree that you wonder how she can even be still standing.

「If you are standing here with such half-hearted resolution, then I am disappointed. Without knowing the truth, without having the resolution, yet you are convinced that you are on the side of justice or something? That’s so not funny that it could inspire rage. When I think that my former friend has become such a fool, it’s repellent in the extreme.」

Oni-kun, unusually for him, is hurling abuse at someone without even trying to conceal his disgust. That rage, perhaps being overlooked amongst all the intimidation, somehow feels fishy. Well, since his former friend is his opponent he might be thinking about various things. That opponent, known as Ooshima-kun, is only half-conscious due to being overpowered by oni-kun.

「Kanata. This is your first and last warning. Lower your weapon and surrender. Otherwise, even though we were once friends, I will cut you down. That’s what it means to be resolved.」

I’m sure he actually has no intention of doing so, but oni-kun declares that with plenty of intimidation. That was the clincher. Ooshima-kun goes weak at the knees, and sinks to the ground right there. Having already comprehend the gap in strength between them so much so that it hurts, she yielded by instinct rather than by reason. Well, that’s when you go “it’s impossible” after all. The despair that Ooshima-kun is feeling now, would probably be similar to what I had felt in the past when I met Alaba for the first time, I guess? That it’s impossible to win, just from feeling the other’s presence. That’s just how much of a difference in strength there was.

Ooshima-kun loses the will to fight and retires. Yamada-kun, sensei and the half-elf are unconscious. Only Hyrinth, Kuro, is left. Yep. I guess I can leave this place to oni-kun and vampire girl already.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 294: Elf Village Battle ④
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

294 – Elf Village Battle ④

I feel a faint rumble. Even amongst all the battles going on throughout this forest, this was being caused by the most violent one. On becoming aware of that, I half-opened my eyes just briefly and looked at Kuro, then teleported away from that place. Yamada-kun’s party have become almost powerless, so there shouldn’t be any problems with leaving the rest to oni-kun. It’s understood that the reason for Yamada-kun’s suffering was due to Taboo being max’d. Given his condition, even after he wakes up he probably wouldn’t be able to take any action for a while, so there’s almost no chance he’ll run into the Demon King. In which case, it’s fine to leave things as they are.

More than that, since the elven ultimate weapon has finally come out, I want to give it my undivided attention. Indeed, the elves have finally brought it out. It’s a weapon that’s on a completely different level to those robots until now.

What I saw on teleporting, was the Taratekt squad being trampled down. Spiders who were as small as I was in the past, large grown-up versions of those spiders, and further grown-up great spiders, were all similarly being trampled over without being able to do anything. Included in that list, is even the Queen.

That thing was floating in the air. To describe it simply, it was a sea urchin. A huge sphere about 10 meters in diameter. From that sphere sprung countless thorns. Yup. It’s a sea urchin. A huge metal sea urchin.

While that sea urchin’s outward appearance might give one pause for thought, its abilities are seriously bad news. Those thorns that stick out from its body – every one of them is a gun barrel, and it’s continuously carpet bombing the area. There’s no place to hide. A barrage of shells comes raining down incessantly from the sea urchin floating up in the sky, turning the ground into scorched earth. The forest is being blown away. Along with the Taratekt squad that’s there.

Even the Queen is unable to escape from that bombardment, and her body is being ground down. With the Queen’s huge body, it’s like giving a big target for the bombardment. Normally the Queen would be able to evade an opponent’s attacks with a speed that doesn’t match her huge body, but I guess she has no way to cope with a wide area bombardment that’s unavoidable.

Naturally however, the Queen isn’t about to go down quietly. Maybe it’s the dignity of a queen, but even while suffering a rain of cannon shells, in her mouth a contradictory black glow of energy is being gathered. The breath attack. The Queen, who is in the highest class of monsters, fires that breath attack with all her power. That thick and wide black beam shoots out at the sea urchin floating up in the sky. The shells being fired by the sea urchin are blown away, and that surge of energy even blows away the main body of the sea urchin itself, as the beam reaches even into outer space. Such a scene was manifested.

That’s just how powerful it was. When the Queen attacks with all her might, a direct hit boasts enough destructive power to even blow up a mountain and alter the landscape. A mere 10 meter diameter lump of metal would obviously be blown away without any trace. Despite all that, the sea urchin is still going strong. The breath was a direct hit. There wasn’t even an indication that it avoided the attack. It was as if it was saying that it wasn’t even worth avoiding.

The barrier erected around the sea urchin, erased the Queen’s breath attack. It “erased” the attack. It didn’t “defend” against it. That barrier completely erased the Queen’s breath attack. It was as if it had never existed in the first place.

I know that barrier. At any rate, it is something I have experienced before. In that old world underground facility. What I had experienced there, was magecraft jamming. This is a barrier version of that. Since it is technology that existed in the old world long ago, it’s not at all surprising for Potimas to know about it since he is a survivor from that time. Which is why, it’s not at all surprising to encounter a weapon which is using that. Surely that is the ultimate weapon of the elves.

With the breath attack being ineffective against the sea urchin, there’s nothing that the Queen can do. Long distance attacks are entirely defended against by the sea urchin’s barrier. There’s no other option left except to attack with a pure physical attack, but the incessant downpour of shells don’t allow that. While the Queen could use Space Maneuver to somehow advance up on the enemy in the sky, as soon as she could take a step upwards a shell would pin her back to the ground. Every time the Queen’s body is hit by a shell it is whittled away, and before it can be regenerated the next shell strikes down.

That Queen which is equal to Mother, is being trampled down without being able to do anything. What a terrifying weapon they’ve developed there. Wouldn’t that single one be able to take over the world? There would be the problem of how many shells remain and how much energy would be required to keep it operational though. But, it’s not running out at all huh. Most likely the space inside has been enlarged, with the shells being stored in another dimension or something. Otherwise it doesn’t make sense.

I’m not simply observing this large monster vs futuristic weapon battle either. Despite what it seems I’m properly trying to help the Queen, and am attacking the sea urchin as well. However, that barrier is also preventing me from being able to do anything at all. The death chute from another dimension and the barrier are both preventing me, and in the first place I can’t open the entrance to the other dimension. Any sniping with magecraft is also completely erased by the barrier. Gnnn! The strength of that barrier is way higher than I had expected.

The barrier’s magecraft jamming isn’t omnipotent. Since it is jammed and not negated, there is a practical threshold to it. In short, if the power output of an attack exceeds what the barrier can jam, then it will pass through without being erased. However, since that would require using an attack with enough energy to surpass the jamming, from the fact that the Queen’s breath attack was erased without any problems, I’m forced to conclude that the strength of the barrier is extremely high.

Yup. It’s impossible!

Well, it’s not like I couldn’t do it you know? However, having to do such a thing would require me to consume a non-trivial amount of energy you know. Basically, it’s wasteful. Therefore, I will use a different method. Seriously, I really don’t want to do this. Beggars can’t be choosers though.

I open my eyes. I gather power in my pupils. Then, I bring the sea urchin into view. Activate Evil Eye of Gluttony!

This Evil Eye is one of the new Evil Eyes that I’ve developed since becoming a god. It’s ability is similar to the Demon King’s Gluttony skill. For that reason I named it the Evil Eye of Gluttony. It’s ability is to directly plunder energy. With this Evil Eye, the magecraft that comes into my field of vision is decomposed into energy and absorbed.

The magecraft jamming barrier that the sea urchin is equipped with, is also a form of magecraft, strictly speaking. A magecraft that jams and erases magecraft. That’s the true nature of the magecraft jamming barrier. If that’s the case then I simply have to develop a magecraft that extinguishes even a magecraft that extinguishes magecraft. What brought this to my attention, is the Demon King’s Seven Deadly Sin skill of Gluttony. The ability of Gluttony is to convert anything and everything into energy, and to then consume that. Taking the theory behind that, I reconstructed it to make these Evil Eyes of Gluttony focus on magecraft instead of converting energy in general. This is one of the secret weapons that I developed to combat Kuro. For that reason, I didn’t particularly want to reveal this to Kuro though.

With its strong point of the magecraft jamming barrier being eaten by my Evil Eyes of Gluttony, and with the magecraft it used to float also being eaten, the sea urchin falls down. Lying in wait for it is the Queen. The sea urchin still tries to resist by firing shells, but after falling to the ground without its barrier the sea urchin has no chance of succeeding. The huge fangs of the Queen pierce the sea urchin’s steel body, and it’s turned into scrap. We won.

And, the moment I thought that, the sea urchin exploded.

The Queen takes that explosion at point-blank range. That causes half her body to vanish, and the remainder collapses feebly onto the ground. Dammit! To self-destruct at the last moment, they sure got it. Well, although it’s a serious blow that the Taratekt squad has been annihilated including the Queen, conversely it can be said that that’s all it took to destroy the ultimate weapon of the elves. If I think of it as necessary expenses, then it’s perfectly acceptable.

While I’m thinking that, into my field of vision comes another floating sea urchin. Not just one, but a swarm of them.

……………………Huh? Eh? Hm? Hmm? Hmmmmmmm!?

Wait a second please! Wait, wait, wait!? Ehh!? There wasn’t just one of those sea urchins!? Or rather, isn’t this a lot? At a glance it looks like there’s over one hundred floating sea urchins though? On top of that, it seems like there’s some kind of triangular pyramid floating in the middle of the sea urchins that’s much bigger than them too. Could it be, that the sea urchin wasn’t their ultimate weapon at all, but a production model weapon? Then, that triangular pyramid in the centre is the real ultimate weapon? Oh shit. Maybe I’ve been underestimating the elven forces a bit too much.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 295: Elf Village Battle ⑤
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

295 – Elf Village Battle ⑤

Author’s note: Demon King’s perspective

「How pathetic.」

That voice that’s repellent in the extreme, can be heard coming out from speakers installed somewhere.

「In the end, this is all you amount to. The only one I have to be cautious against is Gyuriedistodiez. Against me who has make preparations on the assumption of facing a genuine god, surely you didn’t think you could actually win? That’s why you are and will always be a mere girl.」

Maybe it’s just my imagination but he’s unusually talkative. Maybe he’s just that happy.

「Nonetheless, we’ve known each other for a long time. It would be an insult for me to go easy on you at the last. Consider this as you being worthy enough for me to destroy you with all my might. I evaluated you high enough to actually decide to use this Gloria Type Ω on you, which was built to take on Gyuriedistodiez.」

An evaluation that doesn’t make me happy is dispassionately spoken through the speaks. Right in front of me, is a machine weapon that appears to be entirely looking down on me.

「This is deeply moving. An association of many years, is finally coming to an end today. I’ll settle what’s going on outside soon. Farewell, my greatest failed work.」

Then, the blade of that machine weapon swung down towards me.

☆

Going back in time a little.

I separated from Shiro-chan and co, and went down the descent that carried on endlessly by myself. A passage that continued down into the ground. Potimas is waiting ahead of this.

Then, after finally coming to the end of the descent, there was a place like a vast warehouse. I think that this room was most likely used to store the robots that Shiro-chan is mopping up above. It’s not just used for storage, but for performing maintenance as well it seems, as there’s suitable looking machines dotted here and there.

「Welcome.」

Suddenly, a voice resounded out of nowhere. Echoing through this enclosed room, it wasn’t clear where it was coming from. However, even with that echoing voice, there was no mistake about the owner.

「Potimas.」

「Indeed.」

Potimas sounded uninterested in his response. Simultaneously, there was a thunderous roar behind me. On turning around, the passage that I had came down is shut by a massive metal door.

「How foolish. Didn’t you suspect there would be a trap?」

At the same time that I could hear Potimas’s disdainful words, my body lost its strength. The power that was humming throughout my entire body until then, vanished as if dispersing. Perhaps it would be better to say that it was erased?

A magecraft jamming barrier. Probably because it is laid out across the entire warehouse, my status values vanish. In the situation where my status values are gone and my skills are unusable, I can’t use any power beyond what my appearance might indicate.

「I certainly never expected you to actually walk into the trap by yourself so easily. When a path in enemy territory is shown so ostentatiously, I would think it’s normal to distrust it. Nothing but a mere girl in the end. Or rather, nothing but a mere insect I guess.」

A number of robots of the same type that I saw above ground came out from the interior of the warehouse. They surround me, who cannot use my strength due to the barrier, and point their guns at me.

「How boringly simple. Ours is an association of many years. I’ll at least send you off without suffering.」

A flash of fire bursts from the guns. Being turned into a beehive after being shot at with a hail of bullets from every direction – is totally not happening!

I jump and quickly rise up into the air, performing a flip so that my feet land on the ceiling. Jumping off from the ceiling, I accelerate with gravity to do a dropkick that lands on a robot. The armour of the robot I kicked is crushed, and it’s hopelessly broken.

「Oh-ho.」

Potimas speaks out with an admiring voice. That tone implies that he’s still very composed.

「You sure don’t get it.」

Therefore, in order to destroy that composure, I’ll make this declaration.

「I came in order to make you feel despair. What do you think the fastest way to achieve that is? It’s by breaking through all the traps that you’ve prepared, and boldly coming to stand before you.」

「Humph. You’re sure are talking big.」

「Consider the best use of short time you have left to live, and face it with composure. Because I’ll be coming to stand before your main body before long, after having torn through all your traps and the machines you’re so proud of. When that happens, feel free to turn pale with fright and beg for your life.」

On hearing my caustic words, Potimas emitted a low “kukuku” laugh.

「Try it if you dare, little girl.」

While I wonder whether he’s finished speaking or not, all the robots around me prepare their guns at once. The moment I leap off the ground and leave that spot, the place I was in until just now was pierced by bullets.

I might have said all that, but the situation is not good. It’s one thing if I can get to a place without the barrier, but I’m at a disadvantage fighting in this place where I can’t make proper use of my status values. Although I acted tough, my odds of success are not even 10,000 to 1.

A magecraft jamming barrier. It temporarily prevents the power of the System from reaching, the most troublesome kind of barrier for all those living within this world. If the status values supported by the System’s assistance are lost, then those living within this world can’t use any more power than their appearance suggests, or even less. In my case, I can’t use any more power than a mere girl, as Potimas calls me. In human terms my body stopped growing in the first half of my teens after all. I would like to say at least one complaint about why couldn’t I have grown at least a bit more. This body is so dainty, and lacking in muscle. What is known as status values in this world are supported by magecraft, combined with the calculations of the physical ability scores provided by one’s natural body. In my case, my status values are almost entirely supported by magecraft, as my underlying physical strength is an insignificant amount of the total numerical value. In short, what I’m trying to say here, is that having lost the magecraft support due to the barrier, I’m now in deep trouble!

As if! I guess that’s what Potimas is expecting me to be thinking? I predicted this to happen anyway, so I’ve taken countermeasures already.

There is a flaw in magecraft jamming barriers, which is that they can’t obstruct magecraft within the interior of the body. In other words, if I am able to intentionally activate magecraft within my body, then it’s not negated. Together with Shiro-chan, so that I’ll be able to manifest a similar level of fighting strength whether I’m inside a magecraft jamming barrier or within the System normally, I’ve practiced using internal body strengthening magecraft. Different from a skill, a magecraft technique. By using that, the enhancement that is normally left entirely to the System, can now be manually manifested instead. Even if there is an obstruction, the energy that gives form to my status values is still within my body. If that’s the case, then I just have to master how to use that without depending upon the System. As a result, although I can’t use skills within this barrier like magic that manifest outside the body, I’ve become able to manifest a physical ability that’s almost identical to what I can within the System. My combat abilities are: a physical offensive ability of about 90,000, a physical defense ability of about 90,000 and a speed of about 90,000. These robots which are of similar fighting strength to a low ranked dragon species, are no match for me at all.

I sweep through the robots swarming towards me. They’re turned into scrap. And then, from the interior, another robot comes out. Maybe this robot is special compared to the other robots that have appeared until now, as its outward appearance noticeably stands out. It is a human shaped robot with slender limbs, and a profusion of angular forms. With an overall height of about three meters, it’s not that large.

「This is our secret weapon. Should you be able to defeat this, then even I would shower you with praise.」

「Whatever.」

I clench my fists. No matter what comes, I just have to pulverise it!

「But then, I doubt you’d even be able to face it properly though.」

Ignoring Potimas’s bullshit, I took a step forwards. I was supposed to take a step forwards. A dull impact was felt by my head, and gradually pain spread out at the same time.

「Huh?」

I didn’t know what had happened. All I could understand was that I had collapsed. However, I don’t know what caused my collapse. Even when I tried to get up in a rush, I couldn’t put any strength into my body, not even to move a finger.

「How pathetic.」

Then, as if sneering at me, Potimas’s voice resounded from the speakers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter elfvlg6: Elf Village Battle 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑥

Author’s note: Potimas’s perspective

Through the monitor, I gaze on the form of the Ariel, collapsed on the ground. It certainly has been a long association. In my long life, she matches with Gyuriedistodiez and Dustin as those who I’ve associated with the longest. But, even after such a long association, the end was all too quick.

Surely even Ariel herself doesn’t understand why she collapsed. On the contrary, maybe she’s lost consciousness already. If that’s the case, being able to die in one’s sleep might be the ideal way to die, in a sense. As I declared earlier, I can kill her painlessly. For me, that’s my way of showing her respect as her sworn enemy for such a long time. Heh, this is no good. When did I of all people start getting sentimental? Perhaps that shows just how significant an existence Ariel is to me.

You just never know. She was an existence that I had initially thought of as a worthless creative work, so I hadn’t ever expected her to develop into someone that could oppose me. Thinking about it that way, maybe amongst all the useless articles that I had thrown away until now, maybe there were others who could improve into an outstanding talent in the future. But then, for such a miraculous result, that’s practically like finding gold dust amongst a heap of garbage. If I had that much time, it would be much more constructive to try striking gold in another place. Ariel is the one and only miraculous example of garbage transforming into a gold nugget. Which is exactly why she is both something precious to me, and something depressing.

If only one thing, yes, if only one thing had been different, she might have been under my wing. If she didn’t believe in that idiotic existence called the Goddess, her uncommon ability might have gained her the position of being my right hand person. If that had happened, rather than calling her a mere girl of a failed created work, I would have treated her like she was my real daughter. Thinking that becomes highly irritating. Although I understand this is meaningless even as a theoretical possibility, that I still feel this shows just what a missed opportunity it was. However, in actuality we are antagonists to each other, and thus there she is, collapsed on the ground.

The reason why Ariel has collapsed, is that she’s in a poison induced coma. This is not the fake poison within the System, but a chemical poison. For poison produced within the System, it can be counterbalanced by the resistance. But, the effect of that resistance is purely limited to poisons created within the System, so it does nothing against real poisons. It is a cruel bait-and-switch. Contriving a magecraft attack purporting to be poison, then being able to resist that with something purporting to be poison resistance. That’s how those skills produce such things from energy.

Ariel has been living for a long time within the System. For that reason, she’s under the impression that poison doesn’t affect her. Natural poisons are erased by the System, so all that’s left is the fake poison created by the System. So it wouldn’t be strange for her to be under that impression. Seriously, there is nothing more absurd than this thing called the System. It distorts the laws of nature entirely, transforming the condition of the world, and on top of that forces all the living things within this world to supply energy. Again and again, I tried to perfect a poison that would not be erased by the System, and in the end I realised that couldn’t be accomplished. However, being unable to stomach the sense of being defeated by the System is now a nostalgic memory for me.

Although it was like the embodiment of all that was absurd with the System, it’s not like there wasn’t a gap. That Ariel can be afflicted by poison and has fainted is proof. The name of the poison that has Ariel in the grip of death, is carbon dioxide.

If you think about it it seems obvious, but within just the single word of “poison” there are a vast number of varieties. Amongst them are things that despite being poison, are indispensable to this world. The prime example being the aforementioned carbon dioxide. Not just limited to humans, the majority of living things absorb oxygen, and release carbon dioxide. Then, that carbon dioxide is absorbed by plants, and released as oxygen. Not even the System can overturn this cycle. Therefore, carbon dioxide can never be removed from this world. When the concentration is increased, carbon dioxide indisputably becomes a poison.

The rest is simple. I just have to pump a large quantity of carbon dioxide into an enclosed room. When the concentration of carbon dioxide is increased, respiratory failure occurs, a disordered consciousness is induced, and eventually death occurs. Whether or not the System’s assistance bestows transcendental strength or not, that body is that of a proper living creature. Because it is a living creature, it cannot escape from reason.

Although the System and in particular that which is similar to the power of god might seem to be disregarding reason, in practice it is not the case that they are completely separated from reason. They might seem to be separate from reason, but in fact fixed rules still exist. They might seem to be able to do anything, but something like the embodiment of a miracle requires expending a large quantity of energy in exchange, so if there is not enough energy to put it into practice then the realisation of that is impossible. In addition, even if enough energy is available, the process for implementing it must be understood.

What is called magecraft, does not produce something from nothing. This is only a hypothesis, but I think that what I call energy might actually be the underlying basis for atoms. Materials can change state between solid, liquid and gas, so in that case it wouldn’t be strange if the same applies to atoms which are the underlying basis for materials. And that is what “energy” is. Magecraft is a technique to manipulate that energy, and through external interference energy can be converted into materials. If that is so, then it is theoretically possible for energy to be converted into oxygen, and for carbon dioxide to be reduced to energy.

Therefore, it’s no mystery why Ariel was able to almost completely avoid the Gloria’s strike, and for her body that should be been afflicted by carbon dioxide to stand up either.

I see. Somehow or other, it seems that she does know the process required to properly break out of this situation. Whether or not one has the energy, magecraft cannot create a miracle if one does not have the knowledge to manipulate it. With the intrinsic energy that Ariel has, it wouldn’t be impossible for her to heal herself of the carbon dioxide poisoning, or for her to be able to continue fighting. If she knew how. And, Ariel did know how. That’s exactly why she was able to stand up.

Dammit, such a missed opportunity. That she has all that power, all that knowledge, yet I have no choice but to completely crush her.

I shall praise you for being able to stand. However, it’s not like the magecraft jamming field has vanished, nor has the concentration of carbon dioxide in this room reduced. With such an environment, Ariel must fight that Gloria. Creating miracles with magecraft requires energy. If there is not enough energy then a miracle cannot be performed. That being the case, how long can Ariel last for I wonder? In order to counter the magecraft jamming field she’s performing internal body enhancement, while having to constantly treat herself of carbon dioxide poisoning, and fight the Gloria on top of that.

This Gloria is the answer I came to under the assumption of facing Gyuriedistodiez. A god is basically a living thing with a phenomenal amount of energy. Thus, since they are a living thing, they cannot escape from reason. Even if a vast amount of energy is contained within their body. No matter what miraculous technique they use, since that is backed by the use of energy, then I just have to make them expend all that energy. That’s the reason for this stage. That’s the reason for the Gloria Type Ω. The Gloria Type Ω is specialised in wars of attrition. Whether it’s for a day, for a week, or for a month, it can still continue to fight, with it’s indestructible body. Once I’ve finished cleaning up outside, I’ll keep company with you however long it takes. Until you die that is, Ariel.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter elfvlg7: Elf Village Battle 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Elf Village Battle ⑦

Author’s note: Potimas’s perspective

I’m using the Type Ω. But to say that I had no doubts about that decision, would be incorrect. The Type Ω is an anti-Gyuriedistodiez specialised battle weapon. To put it plainly, it doesn’t have a good affinity with Ariel. I don’t know whether or not it can be used in this magecraft jamming field, but she has Gluttony. The Type Ω has a colossal amount of internal energy. However, it’s not infinite. If a battle continued on long enough it would run out, and if there is external interference then it’s natural that it would run out faster. Gluttony is likely capable of absorbing even that internal energy. Naturally, I have not been able to analyse every single skill. Even though I have the magecraft jamming field, I’m not able to relax.

Without doubt, the Type Ω cannot be defeated by Ariel, no matter how poor affinity it has. The Type Ω’s combat abilities are, when converted to theoretical System status values, a physical offensive ability of 150,000, a physical defensive ability of 100,000 and a speed of 150,000. Due to the use of Appraisal obstruction from Ruler authority, Ariel’s status values haven’t been accurately determined, but it shouldn’t be possible for them to exceed 100,000. In which case, she can be overcome with the gap in simple physical ability alone. And in practice, Ariel is being nicely dealt with by the Type Ω.

「HAAAAH!」

Through the monitor, Ariel yells while unleashing her fist. But, the Type Ω leisurely evades. In a counter-attack, it strikes at Ariel’s body with its arm. It’s no ordinary arm either. The Type Ω’s arm rotates like a drill, and part of Ariel’s body is ripped off. With a part of her body turned into a bloody mess, Ariel’s small body becomes even more lightweight. With about half her abdomen having disappeared, Ariel takes some distance without hesitation.

When it comes to fighting with a god, after considering what could be the most efficient form of attack, the result was this drill. With a slash attack, the cut portions only need to be reconnected. With a bludgeon attack, the broken portions only need to be restored. With a piercing attack, the damaged region is too narrow in the first place. Against a monster that can completely regenerate from being smashed to smithereens in an instant, using such physical attacks doesn’t have that much meaning. Particularly since that requires having enough destructive power to be able to smash the body to smithereens in the first place. However, such excessive destructive power is a waste of energy.

Whether it’s an attack or a defense, it consumes energy. If an attack consumes 100 points of energy, then to defend against that the defending side must likewise also consume 100 points of energy. If the original strength of the materials is included in the calculation, then such a simple scheme doesn’t really work though. In any case, the more the opponent increases their offensive power, the more energy will be used for defense in proportion to that. However, that changes beyond a certain point. There’s a point beyond which it becomes more economical to receive the damage and heal the wound, rather than defend against it. If you think about it, it’s obvious. We’re talking about a monster that can revive even from having its body blown to smithereens. In other words, there’s enough energy kept in stock within the body such that being blown to smithereens isn’t a problem. For the sake of argument, if the amount of energy required to revive from being blown to smithereens is 10,000 points, in the case that 10,001 or more points of energy are used in attack, rather than dumbly spending 10,001 points of energy to defend against that it would save 1 point of energy to revive from it instead. In turn, it means that in order to make the opponent on defence use up 10,000 points of energy, the one on the attacking side spent 10,001 of energy. Which means that despite making an attack, more energy was actually expended instead.

Due to such a phenomenon occurring, expending too much energy in an attack against a god is a poor plan. It is preferable to use a low cost means of attack that still forces the opponent to spend energy. On that point, the drill is a wonderfully efficient method of attack. It’s possible to adjust the energy consumption to meet the opponent’s defensive power, and on top of that, if the defense can be penetrated then it’s possible to cause a major injury. The larger the wound that can be created, the larger the energy required to restore it. Although the results might seem meagre against a god who can even revive from being blown to smithereens, as the costs pile up they become massive. “Low cost, low return”. However, the return is guaranteed to be larger.

In addition, Ariel is not a god. With this setting that was prepared to take on a god, for a mortal like Ariel, no matter how good an affinity she has with the Type Ω, it’s ultimately hopeless. The only thing I’m concerned about, is the possibility of wasting the Type Ω’s internal energy. After gathering so much precious energy, it would be galling if more than the expected amount of energy was consumed in fighting Ariel. But, like I said to Ariel, I consider her to be a worthy opponent. Enough that I decided that it’s worth playing my strongest card against her as a tribute.

「Potimas-sama. How do you wish to proceed with the counter attack outside?」

「I’ll leave it to you.」

Which is why, when my subordinate transmitted a request for instructions, I left it all to them. I have no intention to take my eyes off of Ariel, displayed on this monitor. It’s fine to leave the minor matters outside to my subordinates. At most, the only ones that are a cause for concern are the Queen Taratekt and the one called Shiro. Considering that both of them together could not possibly match Ariel, there is no need for me to deal with them personally. For now, I want to concentrate on seeing the last moments of my ancient enemy with my own eyes.

Ariel puts a hand over the lost part of her abdomen, and is breathing heavily. Just by breathing in the air that’s laden with carbon dioxide, her physical condition will worsen though. Because of the magecraft jamming field, even the possibility of healing an injury is doubtful. Naturally. That’s the reason for the magecraft jamming. That’s the reason for the carbon dioxide. Using the magecraft jamming to put a limit on the combat abilities and recovery abilities of a god, and using carbon dioxide to force them to gradually waste energy, and finally to accelerate that using the Type Ω. In order to kill a god, I thoroughly prepared this battle formation despite not being a god. Not being a god, it is impossible for Ariel to defeat it.

「AHHHH!」

Once again, the Type Ω attacked Ariel. The drill pierced Ariel’s chest, opening a large hole. However, Ariel was prepared to take that attack in order to grab the Type Ω with her left hand, and constrain it.

「I caught… you.」

Until that point, the Type Ω’s speed had made sport of Ariel’s attacks, and she hadn’t connected even once. In order to land a strike on the Type Ω, Ariel purposely took an attack from the Type Ω huh. Ariel’s right hand is clasped tightly. She unleashes a powerful right straight. Caught by her left hand, the Type Ω wasn’t able to evade. The blow made with all her might lands on the Type Ω. Her fist drives into the head section of the Type Ω, which explodes like a balloon despite being metal. Continuing further, the impact was transmitted through the body, and the Type Ω’s entire body was scattered as if it had detonated.

「How’d you like that huh.」

Ariel smiles as if in triumph. That’s in spite of the large holes that have been opened in her abdomen and chest, which would be fatal to a living being. However, it’s unfortunate for her.

「It’s unfortunate, but I wouldn’t think it’s over yet.」

In front of Ariel’s eyes, the smashed up body of the Type Ω begins to revive. Without even taking a second, the body returns to the uninjured state that it had until just now. If a god can do it, then there’s no reason why a being with a similar amount of energy invested cannot. All the more so because unlike a living being, the Type Ω is a simple lump of metal. It’s merely being remote controlled by magecraft. The complex structure of a living being versus a simple lump of metal. Naturally, the former requires a greater amount of energy to revive. Efficiently force the opponent to consume energy, resulting in a smaller loss for us. Keep making the same investment over a long period. That’s the essence of the Type Ω.

「The second round is getting started.」

Together with those words, the Type Ω rushes towards Ariel again. It might end with the second round. She’s hardly likely to last until the final round. But then again, that final round would never be reached, since this is a hell of infinite rounds after all.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 296: Elf Village Battle 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

296 – Elf Village Battle ⑧

The countless number of sea urchins floating in the sky. The huge triangular pyramid in the center of them. Somehow, it’s a scene that really makes me want to say “go do it in space!”. Nai wa.

To everyone living on this planet, I’m sorry. You’ve sure worked hard. Well, if there’s some weirdo out there who’s delighted with those floating things, all the saved up energy won’t last. I had wondered “hey, just how much energy did you grab to make even one of those sea urchins”, but with all these things here a fragment or two of the world could have been saved long ago. Or rather, this world sure has been put through such unbridled and continuous exploitation for so long huh. I guess that’s proof of just how hard the inhabitants of this world have been working. Seriously, they’ve really worked so hard! ……Well, despite all that, there’s no change to what I need to do though.

『All members, emergency evacuation』

Via telepathy, I send an evacuation order to all divisions. It would be hard for vampire girl or oni-kun to face those sea urchins as well. Against those sea urchins which even that Queen couldn’t do anything about without my assistance, since there’s too many floating around to even count, this is a case of “he who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day”. Besides, since I’m about to get serious, they might get caught up in it as well.

On that point, Mera is excellent. Before I had given my evacuation order, he had already made the army retreat. Beforehand, I had already warned him not to overdo it if an unexpected situation occurs, but he still took prompt action even so. Since he immediately evacuated once he felt danger, with one thing and another, I guess Mera might be the best general we have amongst us all.

Using the bile sisters, I secure the reincarnators. I toss them into another dimension. It seems that two of them were taking independent action, but I had them nabbed and secured as well. Good. With this I can now turn the entire area into a battlefield without worry.

Now then, time to get serious eh? Darn it. I had wanted to avoid revealing the full scope of my power if possible, but now’s not the time for that unfortunately.

While I was making all the preliminary arrangements, a corner of the triangular pyramid begins to glow. It’s a **** Motion Gun, huh? Yup, it’s a **** Motion Gun! As I had expected, a moment later that light was fired at me as a heavy laser beam. Yeah yeah, it’s death chute from another dimension time. Okay then, right back at you! The heavy laser beam heading towards me is swallowed up by the gate to another dimension that appears before me. Then, that laser exits from the gate that appeared beside the first one, and is fired at the triangular pyramid. Anyone who can make use of other dimensions would think of this, right! To transfer a long distance attack via dimensions and to return it on the opponent!

The laser that the triangular pyramid fired itself hits itself. But, I guess it’s to be expected, as it seems that the triangular pyramid had a barrier up, and the laser is repelled in a dazzling flash of light. I guess that would probably be a barrier that combined a magecraft jamming field with reflection, huh? The laser is repelled by the barrier and scattered into shards in all directions. Then on impact, those shards are annihilated.

……That was way too powerful. What the heck? At the point of impact the ground itself would vanish, right? Rather than making a crater, it would make a hole instead. Are you physically trying to wreck this planet? I thought it was a **** Motion Gun, but it was the **ath Star’s super laser. Just how much energy was wasted by that one shot?

I’m glad that I didn’t consider trying to defend against that thing. There’s no way I could defend against that I bet. Heh, even so, long distance strikes against me are futile! I’ll simply return the whole damn lot of them at you! Well, I’m gonna sink this lot before a second strike comes though.

I sneak a quick glance at Kuro. He’s being dragged away by oni-kun. Perhaps he noticed my glance, as he was glancing over his shoulder, and then quickly resumed escaping. For now, it seems like he’s not planning on intervening in this battle. While that’s fine, it’s regrettable that I’m being forced to reveal my cards though. However, if I was asked whether I could overcome all this without getting serious, it sure would be a hard task. Well, it’s not like I couldn’t do it if I had enough time, but if I took such leisurely action, this whole region wouldn’t just be turned into scorched earth, it would be completely annihilated.

Take a deep breath. Now it’s my turn. Saying so, it’s goodbye from me and into another dimension I go. Nyahaha. No matter how powerful a beam it might fire, if it can’t cross dimensions then it won’t reach me! Using dimensions is cowardly you say? It means I can do whatever I like against an opponent who doesn’t have the ability. Well, this is exactly why having the ability to manipulate dimensions is indispensable for gods of course. It seems like I’m particularly specialised with my abilities in this regard though.

Now then, let’s lift the lid on the cauldron of hell. The triangular pyramid and sea urchins are floating in the sky. Further up in the sky from them, dimensional fissures appear. Those fissures spread out in a pattern like a spider’s web, covering the skies above the forest where the elf village is. Then, a countless number of eyes peek out from those fissures, facing the ground. A myriad of eyes look down upon the ground. They are my clones with the Evil Eye of Gluttony.

The swarm of clones simultaneously activate the Evil Eye of Gluttony, greedily eating up the energy from the triangular pyramid and the sea urchins. The triangular pyramid and the sea urchins all shoot attacks up at the clones, but they’re obstructed by the spider web shaped dimensional fissures, and not a single attack reaches the clones. Indeed, the dimensions are fully isolated. Of course they won’t reach. In the meantime, having had their energy eaten, the sea urchins start dropping to the ground.

This is me being serious. Fully utilising my dimensional abilities, first I sequester countless clones in another dimensional My Home, then one-sidedly squeeze the energy out from my opponents with the Evil Eye of Gluttony. Even if the opponent is a god, once they’ve run out of energy they’re an ordinary living creature. Since having an unbelieveable amount of energy for a living creature is what qualifies a god as a god, if that is taken away then they can’t be called a god. As an incomplete novice god, this is the strategy I devised to take on Kuro.

Or rather, this is all I could do. After all, I’d lose for certain in a direct fight. Therefore, I had no option but to thoroughly expand my hand of available cards. Basically, I have no other options but this. There’s not many things I can do that could reasonably be called god-like. Even so, this is the new My Home strategy that I’ve continuously refined in order to defeat the higher ranking god that is Kuro. A bunch of mere elven weapons had no chance of defeating it.

Once again I check on Kuro. Yikes. He’s totally looking. Please stop, please don’t look. Since this is all I can do, if he develops a way to counter it then I’ll be checkmated. Which is exactly why I didn’t want to do this. Pretty please, don’t counter it okay?

While I was making such a wish, all the sea urchins had fallen to the ground, and in the end the triangular pyramid also dropped to the ground without power.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 297: Elf Village Battle ⑨
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

297 – Elf Village Battle ⑨

「Ariel! What the, what the heck is that!?」

Sounding as if he’s at his wit’s end, Potimas’s voice resounds. At the same time, the robot that had been completely dominating me stops moving.

「If you just say “that”, how am I supposed to know what you mean? Unless you use a concrete expression I can’t understand what you’re saying you know.」

Acting dumb, I deliberately shrug my shoulders and shake my head in confusion. In a normal situation I’m sure he would readily turn aside my joking attitude, but I guess he’s really at his wit’s end, as I can hear the sound of him grinding his teeth through the speaker.

「That person called Shiro! What the heck is that!?」

Naturally. Yep, I knew it. While saying that I didn’t understand what he meant by “that”, of course I knew. In the first place, it’s unimaginable for someone to be able to bring about a situation that would make Potimas so flustered, aside from Shiro-chan.

Still, Potimas is staggeringly flustered. Perhaps this is the first time that I’ve ever heard Potimas expose so much emotion and yell so much? Potimas normally looks down on other people, and doesn’t display any particular emotions. Because no matter what the people he’s looking down on try to do, he doesn’t have to bother with it. Precisely because he looks down upon others, it seems that he thinks it’s embarrassing for his emotions to be affected by others. Which is why, even when he does feel emotions, he doesn’t reveal them.

Despite all that, currently he’s losing his mind. This must be down to some situation occurring that completely went beyond Potimas’s assumptions. Yep, Shiro-chan is capable of that.

「What’s up? What has Shiro-chan been up to then?」

I doubt he’ll give me an answer, but I’ll try asking since I’m curious.

「I’m the one asking the questions! Hurry up and answer what that is!」

He’s already shrieking. Hmm. I’m a bit dejected here. I’d wanted to make him start yelling like that myself though. Shiro-chan has beaten me to the punch I guess.

「While I don’t know what happened, I guess you’ve been beaten by Shiro-chan or something huh? I’m like, so sorry. Sucks to be you.」

Against my jeering, the robot that had stopped moving until now suddenly starts attacking me again. I take a backstep to avoid the rage induced wild swings.

「Upset? Angry? My, what a short temper. Maybe you’ve not had enough calcium in your diet? This is the problem with frail kids who shut themselves inside.」

Against my provocations the robot charges at me transparently like a idiot.

「Shit! Shit! Shit! Where did my calculations go wrong? There’s no reason for such a person to exist though!」

The pathetic sound of him heaping abuse on himself reverberates. How fragile. I’d already known about it, but this man sure is weak. Potimas’s “strength”, was in only ever facing opponents that were weaker than himself until now. It wasn’t that Potimas was actually strong, but just that his opponents were weaker. That’s why he felt strong. That’s why he acted composed. But, I knew all along. This man, is actually weaker than anyone. Precisely because he’s weaker anyone, he sought power more than anyone. This mere shadow of that former self is the current Potimas. Misunderstanding strength and about becoming strong, this man is as weak as ever. Having faced Shiro-chan, someone who is stronger than himself, he’s revealed his true colours and his weakness can be seen.

「How weak.」

「Say what?」

Catching my brief mutter with his sharp ears, Potimas responds with a threatening voice.

「Potimas, you sure are weak.」

I hadn’t really intended for him to hear my muttering, but since he asked I’ll clearly spell it out for him.

「I sure don’t want to hear that from someone who is satisfied with the transient power of the System.」

I wasn’t talking about being strong or weak in that meaning though. But even if I said that I’m sure this man wouldn’t get it.

「That’s right, the System. What about reaching godhood. Couldn’t that have become a god! But, what is that? And in that case, why? Ahh, shit! Dammit!」

I can’t even tell what he’s saying any more, as Potimas repeatedly heaps incoherent abuse on himself. Perhaps influenced by the controller, the robot’s movements become incoherent as well. The drill is thrown towards my face. I stop it with my teeth. There’s a horrible grinding noise, but I ignore it and put strength into my jaw, biting off the drill.

「Wait. Wait, wait, wait! That’s right, why? Why are you still alive?」

Oh? He finally noticed?

「How have you healed? In this magecraft jamming field, how can you fight on equal terms with the Gloria Ω? What’s going on!?」

You’re slow on the uptake. My body was wrecked by the robot’s drill. My abdomen was gouged out, my chest was pierced, my arm was blown off, my leg was shredded. However, those wounds have already healed.

「It can’t be, it can’t be that you have as well!? Does this mean that you have become a god as well!?」

Potimas is shouting at the top of his lungs. He’d been utterly looking down on me until now, yet he fears that I’ve ascended to godhood before him while he’s sought it all this time. I’m sure that would be the greatest possible humiliation to Potimas.

「You’re wrong.」

However, unfortunately that’s wrong. I haven’t become a god. I can’t become a god. If it was that easy to become a god, even Potimas should have become a god long ago.

「It’s not the case that I have become a god. However, just for a moment, I am capable of producing a strength that can compete with the gods. You know what method I’m referring to, surely?」

The robot takes a step back. Being like that, Potimas seemed to shrink before me.

「It can’t be.」

「Oh yes it can.」

「Are you sane?」

That’s a cruel way to put it. Well, I’m sure from Potimas’s point of view it would be devoid of reason though. Which is why I said you were weak. I’m pretty weak as well, but I believe I have the courage to put my life on the line in order to achieve my goal.

「Humility.」

My newly acquired skill of the Seven Virtues. Due to it’s ability, I can temporarily obtain an ability that compares with the gods.

When my soul fused with a fragment of Shiro-chan’s soul, the former body-in-charge, my soul increased in volume accordingly. At the time, my soul was already filled to bursting, like a container that was cracking on the verge of exploding. As if mending those cracks, Shiro-chan’s soul permeated through. Thanks to that, I was able to gain new skills that were once beyond my reach. Like Telepathy for example, a skill that I hadn’t needed until now due to being a loner. And what I took at the end was the skill of Humility. This skill that I’ve kept secret from everyone except Shiro-chan, is my secret weapon.

I won’t hesitate at all in using this secret weapon. Even if it will burn away my very soul.

『Humility：n% power capable of reaching the gods. By consuming one’s soul, a power that can even compare with the gods can be temporarily gained. In addition, the W System is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the MA Area is obtained. 』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 298: Elf Village Battle ⑩
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

298 – Elf Village Battle ⑩

As the robot begins to regenerate the broken drill, I grab its head and immediately sink my teeth into it. The bitter taste of metal spreads through my mouth. That only lasts for a moment though, as what I had bitten off in my mouth is disintegrated, and transformed into pure energy.

My Gluttony skill works properly within my mouth at least. While it means I need to get things into my mouth first, so long as I can get it into my mouth then it gets disintegrated into energy no matter what it is, and I can then absorb that. It makes no difference that it’s built to be an anti-god robot. While the amount of energy that I can snatch in one mouthful is small, it should be more efficient than simply continuing to punch it endlessly.

I’ve already figured out the rough design of this robot. At any rate it’s a war-of-attrition type that has been infused with plenty of energy. Relying upon its quantity of energy, it’s made to be tough enough to instantly regenerate no matter how hard it’s beaten up. Excess functions are excluded, and it’s specialised only in efficiency. At the same time the combination of the magecraft jamming field and the poisonous gas exhausts the opponent. I see, I see. It might be in a roundabout way, but if you consider what kind of strategy has the potential of defeating a god, it makes pretty good sense. Even while I’m actually using Humility, it’s still a real struggle. As for whether it would really work in practice against Gyuri I don’t know, but what I can tell is that Potimas has really thought long and hard about perfecting this battle formation. Precisely for that reason, and because I am the opponent, that will be the reason for its defeat.

I thrust into the robot’s torso with a spear hand. Then, I activate magic inside the robot’s body. The magecraft jamming field is not omnipotent either. For the interior of living bodies inside the field, and in particular, for the interior of allies where the activation of magecraft must not be jammed, the effect does not reach. Well of course, since the robot regenerates using magecraft, jamming that would turn it into a simple lump of metal. Unlike Shiro-chan, I’m not capable of actually analysing the construction for neutralising the magecraft jamming on the robot, but even without such laborious methods I am able to activate magic. So long as it’s inside the robot.

What I activated, was level 10 Heresy Magic. Its name is Soul Break. Heresy Magic is magic that directly acts upon the opponent’s soul. And, Soul Break is magic that destroys the opponent’s soul. I drive that into the robot.

The robot becomes wild as if it hated that, and it slams the side of my face. Along with a nasty sound of my cheekbones breaking, I’m blown away and separated from the robot. I quickly regain my stance, watching out for pursuit from the robot. However, the pursuit doesn’t come, and instead the robot took a vigilant stance as if being cautious.

That worked, huh. Well, it was something I already knew about already. Energy dwells within the soul. Without the container called the soul, the energy will quickly dissipate. The ones with an extremely large soul container are gods. To kill a god, you either need to destroy the container called the soul, or to cause all the energy inside it to be consumed.

Potimas chose the method of causing the energy to be consumed. He chose it, or rather, he didn’t have any other method available. Like I just did, it’s also possible to use Soul Break to destroy the soul. However, that’s simply because I could borrow the System’s power. Without the System’s support I can’t use Soul Break. Even Shiro-chan has yet to be able to reproduce Soul Break after all. So Potimas also wouldn’t be able to reproduce Soul Break without the System’s assistance. Therefore, Potimas could only choose a different method.

It’s not like Potimas wouldn’t be able to use Soul Break either. All he’d have to do is make the elves learn Heresy Magic after all. However, Potimas would never choose to do that. After all, Potimas doesn’t even trust the elves either. To Potimas, the elves are convenient tools. Tools that must be safe to use. Thus, he won’t let them learn anything that could become even slightly harmful to him. So for Potimas, Heresy Magic is a two-edged sword. That my Heresy Magic worked on the robot is good proof of that. Against this robot which is Potimas’s secret weapon, since Heresy Magic is effective, it should also be effective against Potimas himself. In the theoretical case where Gyuri was the opponent, having one or two people learn Heresy Magic would be a drop in the bucket. Taking on him would surely require hundreds of people to learn it else it likely wouldn’t be effective enough. If Potimas had that many people learn Heresy Magic, then what if they rose in revolt against him? Since he would worry about such things, he wouldn’t be able to take such measures.

It’s often said that it’s lonely being a king, but it’s a bit different with Potimas. He’s alone by choice. He’s satisfied with being shut in his confined miniature garden. Because as long as he’s inside that miniature garden, he can be number one. Because as long as he’s inside that miniature garden, whatever he does is forgiven. Really, what a petty man. Because of which, he’s a sleazebag.

「Potimas. To make this robot, just how many people’s souls were used?」

Since I can hear Potimas muttered groans over the speakers, I’m not expecting some kind of decent reply. However, I just wasn’t able to keep quiet. Energy dwells within souls. Since it has energy, it means that this robot has souls within it. Also, there is a threshold for how much energy can be saved up in souls. A threshold that Potimas and I were unable to exceed. This robot was specifically granted energy under the assumption that Gyuri was the opponent. That amount of energy cannot possibly be retained by a single person’s soul. If he’d been able to do that, then Potimas would have become a god long ago. Therefore, this robot has several, no, several dozen people’s souls infused into it. All their souls have been reconstructed into this metal body.

I pity you all. But, I won’t go easy on you. For Soul Break to destroy a soul, it means that it returns to nothingness rather than rejoining the cycle of reincarnation. Quite literally, a heretical magic. Even so, I will not hesitate in making use of this. It’s not like I have the luxury to choose otherwise either. Gluttony and Soul Break, and finally the time limited Humility. I will used these to overcome Potimas.

「Sorry.」

To these pitiful souls that were reduced to a weapon I give a single word of apology, then I took a step forwards.

Translation notes:

“Soul Break” – skills with this word (破魂) have appeared before, though not in pure spell form. Eg the “Evil Eye of Soul Break” in chapter 119 or how the “Heresy Attack” skill uses the “Soul Break” attribute in chapter 110. “Break Soul” or “Rend Soul” would be a more literal translation though.

“Quite literally, a heretical magic” – the Japanese word for “heresy” or “heretical” more literally means “off the [proper] path”. As Ariel said, it takes souls outside the (proper) cycle of reincarnation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 299: Elf Village Battle ⑪
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

299 – Elf Village Battle ⑪

I wonder how much time has passed. I feel that the battle continued for quite a long time, from my perspective. But, it’s possible that my sense of time was lengthened and it was like that only in my subjectivity, and that in fact the actual amount of time might be unexpectedly short.

I’m not sure how many times I’ve done this now but once again I make a strike. My spear hand pierces the robot’s chest, and the Heresy Magic that I activated inside destroys a soul dwelling within there. The robot trembles once as if convulsing, then its movement stopped completely. Even after I withdraw my hand, the hole that I had created doesn’t regenerate, and having lost its support the body feebly collapses to the ground. The crashing sound it makes is unexpectedly light, giving an impression of being an empty shell of an instrument that had lost its significance with its souls.

It’s over. No, not yet. Even if this robot is Potimas’s secret weapon, it’s not actually Potimas himself. Until I give Potimas himself his last rites, it won’t be over.

That being said, that sure was painful. I might look perfectly unharmed in appearance, but on the inside I’m a total wreck. That’s because the effect of Humility is to consume the soul. While the energy I was able to steal from the robot helped cushion the effect somewhat, that’s only at the level of being better than nothing. If I canceled the effect of Humility, it might be bad. I guess this is like how a candle burns brightest just before its flame burns out huh. Please, let me last until I have dealt with Potimas.

――If you’re done then come outside――

That voice resounds directly within my head. I guess it’s a message from Shiro-chan? Despite the magecraft jamming field still being active, I wish she wouldn’t make doing that seem so easy. I’m losing my confidence here.

Anyhow, for Shiro-chan to go out of her way to call me, I guess it means that I had better go outside, right. I forcibly wrench open the door that had closed over the entrance when I arrived. Just what you’d expect of something made to shut in a god, I sure had a hard time opening it. I was wheezing after opening the door, then wheezing again as I climbed up the long slope, reaching the outside world.

What I saw there, was something completely beyond my expectations. The forest was blazing here and there. In the places where flames were coming up from, there were these large round objects lying there that I couldn’t really figure what they were. Within that spectacle that was like something from hell, there was the silhouette of something enormous standing out prominently. As if covering the sky, an enormous disc shaped object was floating there.

If I was to express it in a single word from Shiro-chan’s memories, I would call it a UFO. That thing rumoured to actually have space aliens riding it. However, that expression is not necessarily wrong. That floating disc, is evidently a space ship after all.

There’s no way that Potimas wouldn’t know the current state of this planet. The reason why Potimas is obsessed about this planet that is like a house of cards, is because the System is here. Although he was making heavily abusive statements about the System just earlier, that’s precisely because his expectations have been betrayed. Potimas had expectations of the System. That perhaps it could make him a god. However, Potimas couldn’t become a god. Even so, betting on that ray of hope, Potimas remained on this planet. Hoping that one day maybe he would be able to become a god.

However, Potimas himself should have been aware that there was only a faint hope of that. Therefore, it’s natural that he was prepared. To escape from this planet, that is. Potimas was ready to leave this planet at any time. For that reason, he could calmly do things that were capable of ruining the planet. What’s floating in the sky right now, is basically his means of escaping this planet.

But then again, that means of escaping, has been rendered immobile by white threads though. Just as if it was a bug caught in a spider’s web that could do nothing except wait to be devoured. Yeah. That’s actually so true it makes me want to smile.

Shiro-chan, you’re something amazing. While I was playing with that robot, just what the heck were you doing? You did such an amazing job I can’t express it in words.

Potimas is in there for certain. When I was fighting with that robot, part-way through I stopped hearing Potimas’s voice. Meaning that he had abandoned the robot and was trying to escape already. Even that robot, despite all the time and effort he spent on it, is just another tool in the end, from Potimas’s point of view. If it was in exchange for his own life, it’s clear that Potimas wouldn’t worry about his choice even in the slightest, basically.

Amongst the threads that are binding the space ship, there is one stuck to the ground right next to me. The thread is thick enough for a single person to walk along without a problem. Taking a quick look around the area, there’s no sign of Shiro-chan. However, since this thread is obviously telling me what to do, well, let’s just get on with it then.

I climb up the thread, using it as a foothold. It seems like I’ve been doing nothing but climb up for a while now. I’m alert for some kind of counterattack from the space ship, but without anything occurring I quickly reach it. I guess it has already been rendered powerless by Shiro-chan huh. Climbing onto the space ship itself, I look for something like a hatch. Sure enough I find one before long and rip it off, and go inside.

The interior is surprisingly dark. There’s no illumination. Well, that doesn’t matter to me though since I have the Night Vision skill.

I walk on. As expected from its size, the passages are also stupidly long.

I walk on. Through glass windows I saw facilities that seemed like factories and plantations. I’m sure that the interior of this ship is laid out so that people can occupy it fully. Because they very well might need to spend centuries wandering through space after all. Maybe it’s not just because of his expectations for the System that Potimas didn’t leave this planet, but also because he was uncertain about the future. This planet only has the god called Gyuri, but other planets might have many gods. Considering that, he couldn’t afford to be careless.

I walk on. There’s defense orientated robots swarming around, but they’re hopelessly weak compared to the one I fought underground just now. I rout them. What I find from dealing with the other robots, is that the one I fought underground, Gloria Type Ω or whatever, is very clearly a special one.

I walk on. While screaming something strange, one of Potimas’s clones attacked me. He had had a handsome face, but it turned into something nasty due to impatience and terror. I’ve killed many of Potimas’s clones up to this point, but none of them had such a warped expression. While he’s not bothered about however many of his disposable clones are killed, he’s clearly that worried about the possibility of his main body being killed. Well, naturally. I quickly finish off the attacking clone. No matter how much they’re strengthened by machines, I’m already far beyond what these mere clones can handle.

「In short, you’re checkmated.」

I walked and walked, and when I finally arrived, he was there. The body of an elderly elf, inside a transparent cylinder. That body had countless tubes attached. Like the peculiar subject matter or whatever clotting those pipes, the old elf didn’t even flinch.

「Stop! Stop, stop, stop! I don’t want it to end! It can’t end here! I must live on for eternity! I beg you! Please stop!」

Well, instead of moving, his screams are surging out from the speaker though. Along with the continuous entreaties to stop that are being discharged from the speaker, there’s also a meaningless scream mixed in. Since he doesn’t need to breathe, he can scream continuously as well. To Potimas, a body is not a container for living in, but something that simply needs to be alive. When he wants to move about he can just use his clones.

This lump of flesh that simply lives without stirring at all within that cylinder, this is what Potimas’s main body is. I had guessed that he might have ended up like this, but when I see it for real it sure is a miserable form. Stubbornly living on, this man who pursued nothing but that – this is his fate.

「I don’t want to die! I don’t want to die! No-o-o! I don’t want to diieieiie!」

「Unfortunately Potimas, I have a much crueler fate in store for you than death.」

I won’t sympathise with the continuously screaming Potimas. Having said that though, I don’t have a sense of “it serves you right” either. I had expected something more to well up than this, but I feel nothing at all, to the extent that it surprises me.

「Abyss Magic」

Hearing my muttered words, Potimas starts screaming in an even greater frenzy. Abyss Magic is a unique magic. Compared to Heresy Magic that destroys the soul, Abyss Magic decomposes the soul, and contributes it back to the System. Simply killing him, isn’t enough. This man, to his very soul, must make recompense to this world.

I begin the preparations for Abyss Magic. Unlike Heresy Magic, Abyss Magic requires a sophisticated magic construction. I believe that D-sama most likely did that deliberately. Heresy Magic was established to confront gods. Abyss Magic was created in order to deliver judgement between the people of this world. Dispossessing them of the choice of being able to reincarnate, and delivering the judgement of forcibly contributing to the System. Meaning, doing that is considered to be better for the world than having them reincarnate. The invocation takes a long time, which makes me secretly think that this is proof that this was never intended to be used in battle.

「Bye bye, Father.」

I invoke the Abyss Magic towards Potimas’s main body, who is no longer saying anything intelligible and simply screaming. Then, only silence remained.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 300: The end of the battle, and then……
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

300 – The end of the battle, and then……

The clones monitoring the System sensed that the Diligence framework had become vacant. I quickly make arrangements to fill the void left in the Ruler authority, making adjustments so that the operation of the System is not affected. In addition, I forcibly push my own existence into the vacated Ruler authority framework. With this, only one more framework is needed.

For the Diligence framework to have become vacant, is equivalent to saying that Potimas has died. Died, or rather extinguished, huh. I guess there is a certain karma in that Potimas, who only wanted to live on and never die, had a fate worse than death. He built up so much karma that it’s a problem.

I break into the UFO that was rendered immobile by my threads. This UFO came out after I shot down the sea urchins and triangular pyramid. Given the timing with which it came out, I thought that this would have to be Potimas’s last stand so I captured it instead of shooting it down, and it seems that my expectation was correct. If I’d been told that this in fact was another diversion then I’d have been surprised. If it had then I would have had to raise my evaluation of Potimas up by another step. Well, the fact that Potimas himself is dead, should mean that it really is over now.

At the end of this excessively long journey, I find the Demon King sitting on a chair and operating what appears to be a console in front of her.

「It’s over.」

「I see.」

Without turning around, the Demon King spoke plainly. With her long running bond having been put to an end, I guess there would be various emotions surging inside of her. From her disinterested tone, it seems like instead that her emotions are overflowing so much that conversely she’s become unable to understand her own emotions. It seems that when her emotions overflow too much, that instead her mood becomes impassive.

「Look at this.」

The Demon King points at something on the monitor. Glancing through the characters displayed, I see something worthless written there. An apotheosis experiment using the souls of reincarnators, huh.

Cutting this long-winded theory like thing short, it’s an attempt to create a god by mixing the souls of reincarnators together. Potimas had already given up on using the System’s power alone to become a god. No matter how much experience points in the form of souls he gathered, he wasn’t able to break through the limit. In which case, he considered using a new type of experience points, in other words the souls of humans from another world, and by using the souls of the reincarnators, that perhaps it would be possible to break through the limit.

How worthless. Er, well, kinda. Basically I’m saying that I can’t see any hope of this succeeding. Even if you gathered all the souls in this world, it still wouldn’t be possible to break through the limit. So then just use souls from another world then huh!? If that could make a god then it wouldn’t be so hard in the first place you know. Not that I have any right to say that after having become a god just like that though. So this is the reason why he was gathering the reincarnators huh. Sensei would never have imagined it.

「Well, surely even Potimas wouldn’t seriously think that this could actually create a god though, right? It’s probably just some “if by some chance” type fleeting hope.」

「But, considering all that, he was incredibly careful about verifying the theory, and was creating equipment for it, it seems though?」

「Potimas’s methods are beyond reason.」

In the words displayed on the monitor, there were minute details on the equipment under development, and the results of verifications performed in order to make the experiment a success. The reincarnators were forcibly put in an environment to make it as hard to gain skills as possible, and to prevent the souls from being transformed by the System on this world, it seems. How to put this – it’s like catching sight of a great endeavor of painstaking detail, all in order to make an experiment with astronomically low odds actually succeed. I guess that’s just how much he wanted to become a god huh. I’m sure he wanted it.

「It’s fortunate that due to him being so cautious and careful that this was never put into practice eh. If we’d been just a year late, the equipment would have been completed and the reincarnators might have been tossed into the blender already.」

I wish you wouldn’t say something so disturbing. However, the Demon King is correct. This time we were saved by Potimas being so cautious. Well, if he’d begun to make a move on the reincarnators, I would have hurried up the plan and launched a direct attack myself though.

「There’s more than this – there’s piles and piles of documents on the findings of Potimas’s research.」

「Woah!」

I couldn’t help saying that. Potimas’s research findings. It seems there’s loads of worthless stuff.

「Therefore, once I’ve quickly verified the contents, we’ll destroy them, right.」

「That’s fine.」

If these things are left behind, it’ll cause nothing but harm. Actually, I don’t think there’s any need for the Demon King to verify them even.

「This is how things are here, what about your side?」

「You’re asking about everyone, right?」

I’d say everything’s been properly sorted out. Collecting the wreckage of the sea urchins and triangular pyramid will soon be completed. The fires have been extinguished to prevent them from spreading further into the forest. In addition, the secret base hidden underground has been blown away without leaving any trace. Also,

「The only elf remaining is sensei alone.」

All the elves have been completely exterminated. There’s still half-elves and quarter-elves remaining, but there’s no longer any pure elves on this world.

「I see. Then, once this space ship has been destroyed, it really will be the end huh.」

「Deeply moved?」

「I guess so.」

Looking at her from the side as she said that, the Demon King’s face was unusually gentle.

「Ah, that’s right. I kept my promise.」

Promise? Ahh. The one where I said I won’t forgive her if she dies.

「I’ve safely achieved my goals, boss.」

The Demon King turned around in her chair, and gave a jokey salute. Safely, huh.

「You call that safely?」

「So long as I’m not dead, it’s a cheap price to pay.」

The Demon King replied with a smile. Even though she’s currently on the verge of death, and can’t even stand up from her chair.

There’s no wounds on the Demon King’s body. However, instead of on her body, there’s deep wounds all over her soul. The once mighty presence of the Demon King, has now become awfully frail.

「What’s your expectations?」

「Hmm. I think with a bit of rest I should be able to move well enough that it doesn’t interfere with daily life. I can’t move properly right now because I’ve exhausted my magic power. Once that recovers, then I’ll be able to move right away.」

「In short, combat is impossible, huh.」

「Well, it’s not impossible if I don’t mind reducing my life span even further though.」

「Demon King.」

「I’m joking. Either way, my life won’t last that long. I guess around a year. What remains is to live out my remaining days to see it through with my own eyes.」

From the start, the Demon King didn’t have that long left to live. However, she should have had much more time left still. Even so, with her life span further reduced by the current battle, she has one year left.

「My role here is done. To be honest, I had wanted to do more, but I’ll leave the rest to you, Shiro-chan.」

「Leave it to me.」

「Then, let’s get started?」

In response to the Demon King’s question, I nod. As an enemy of the world, Potimas has been dealt with. Now begins the story to save the world. However, though I’ll save the world, I’m not saying I’ll save humanity.

Therefore, I’m initiating actions that will make me an enemy of humanity. Now then, let’s destroy humanity, and save the world and the Goddess. Even if doing so is against the Goddess’s own will.

☆

《Conditions met. Skill『Greed』was acquired》

《Conditions met. Title『Ruler of Greed』was acquired》

《By the effects of the title『Ruler of Greed』, skills『Appraisal LV10』and『Conquest』 were acquired》

「Teheh! He’s dead! That asshole is dead! Ahh, with this, with this I’m finally free! Please wait for me onii-sama! Now that I have this power, I will be able to make onii-sama mine! He’ll be all mine! Teheh, teheheheheheheh!」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter drmboy: The dreaming boy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The dreaming boy

Author’s note: from the point of view of Natsume Kengo

Oh look, I’ve died. Even though I’m referring to myself, the impression that comes to mind is that it’s like someone else’s problem. Well, I can’t help it you see. It’s something that happened in a dream after all. If this was reality then I’d be panicking though. Merely dying while dreaming, is something that’ll end once I wake up.

At long last, this shitty dream has ended huh. It really was a shitty dream. Me being the prince of the Empire and so on is ridiculous beyond belief, right? I quickly realised that this was a dream. It has to be, right? This isn’t just a dream, it’s that thing. Right, a so-called lucid dream, yeah.

Once I realised that this was a dream I did whatever I wanted afterwards. Since it’s just a dream after all. Since it’s my dream anyhow, I can do what I want, right? Saying whatever selfish things I like, enjoying whatever luxuries I like. I’m a prince for a start, and everyone around me readily does whatever I tell them to do as well, so I guess there wasn’t anything I couldn’t do.

Well, saying that though, there was no smartphones or TV either, and the food was questionable so it didn’t actually feel that luxurious though. No helping it I guess. The dream was set in a fantasy world after all. I guess it’s strange for food to have taste despite being in a dream though. Or rather, since this is a dream and all, couldn’t the meals at least be a bit tastier? Why were they so inflexible about such things. Even when I complained to the chef nothing changed anyway. I started missing my mother’s cooking. That was enough to make me want to wake up from this dream already, but this dream really seems to be continuing on for bloody ever.

Being able to raise my level by defeating monsters felt like a game at first and was fun, but I still got bored with it after a while. Most of the monsters were just too weak, while it would take a long time to get to places with strong monsters. Since I was a prince and all they couldn’t just allow me to go to dangerous places you know. Why is this damn dream so fussy about the minor details? Since this is a dream after all, teleportation should at least be possible, right?

Just when I was getting seriously bored with it all I enrolled in an academy at some country. I hadn’t expected much from that either. I had expected that at best it would only be fun at the start, and that once I had gotten used to the new environment then I would soon get bored with it. But, contrary to my expectations, there was something there that I hadn’t had until now. To be precise, it was them.

Several of my classmates were there. Well, since this is my dream it wouldn’t be strange for them to be here after all. However, whether it’s Yamada or Ooshima, it was strange for it to be the ones who I wasn’t particularly friendly with. Since this is my dream the first one to appear should be Issei, normally. Why isn’t he around, darn it. Somehow even sensei turned up, yet while sensei seems to know where all the others are, she wouldn’t tell me anything about Issei when I asked her about him.

While I can’t accept Issei not being around, it’s okay since there’s others here that I do know. Maybe this dream that I’d gotten bored with will finally become fun. That’s how I had thought at the beginning. But again, that was only at the beginning. My classmates at the academy were centered around Yamada at all times.

People naturally gathered around Yamada. On top of that, that bunch genuinely idolised Yamada. Yet the ones that gathered around me, were not those interested in me as an individual, but only those drawn by my title as prince of the Empire. Those types tried to approach Yamada as well, but they were turned away by Ooshima who was always together with him. Thanks to that he didn’t have deal with complicated political powers, or those who associated with him on that basis, and could simply be relaxed all the time. That relaxed attitude attracted even more people, and they gathered around him.

I could only watch on from a short distance. That short distance was like an enormous wall blocking me. I knew. The fact that Yamada wasn’t good at dealing with me. I’m at least self-aware to the extent that I know my own personality isn’t particularly praiseworthy. When Issei isn’t there for me, I’m more likely to create enemies than friends. Precisely because Issei was there, I could be at the center of the boys like the leader of the pack. Because he always supported me, I was able to behave as myself. When he’s not here, the only ones who gather around me are just a bunch of useless ones.

How can that Yamada be so happy, when I feel so empty? Why do I have to experience something so unpleasant in a dream? If you’re going to dream you might as well have an enjoyable one. That’s right, this is all a dream. In that case, I might as well just do whatever I like to my heart’s content, right? It seems impossible to open up to Yamada after all this time anyway, so I might as well go completely hostile to him instead. Why don’t we see who’s better eh?

Yet, despite all my aspirations I was completely defeated. My pride is shredded. Since it was a dream after all I kept on escalating things, finally with an attempted assassination. Not only did I lose but I pathetically had my skills and status values stolen. I was made to seem like such a small-fry that it’s laughable.

However, I’m not giving up. This is my dream after all. If I continue to desire it then someday that wish will be granted. Brandishing the power that I had gained that way, it was time for revenge. Wakaba-san is also cooperating with me, so this time I’ll win for sure.

Huh? Come to think of it, when did Wakaba-san start cooperating with me again? My memory of that part is vague, but well, I guess that’s how dreams are. In dreams it’s common for the scene to suddenly change completely. A lucid dream is still a dream at least.

I fired myself up and had a rematch with Yamada. Having thrown down the gauntlet while brimming with confidence, the tables were easily turned on me. Hey, seriously? You’re too strong, Yamada. What are you doing acting like the protagonist in my own dream. Swap places. It’s laughable.

Then it all ended with my head being crushed by someone. Even in my last moments I was like a small-fry, dammit. It’s so total that I could laugh continuously.

However, well, finally it’s time to wake up from this weird dream. It was a shitty dull dream, but I guess this is a message telling me not to get too carried away huh? It must be. Once I wake up, maybe I’ll keep humility in mind a bit more. I’m always always doing whatever pops into my head, aren’t I. Then every time it would be Issei cleaning up after me as well, so I better reflect on things

First of all, once I wake up I better say “good morning” to mother. I wonder what’s for breakfast? I’m looking forwards to it. I wouldn’t think that usually, but after seeing such a long dream maybe I’m feeling nostalgic.

Then, once I get to school I gotta tell Issei about this dream. I gotta complain to him about why he didn’t turn up. I can just imagine Issei’s face having an expression saying “what the heck are you talking about?”

That’s right, I’ll talk to Yamada about this as well. I’ll tell him that in the dream he was seriously like a cool hero. That guy hates me, but maybe it’d be a good idea to use this chance to get along better with him. If Issei is there then surely I’ll be able to take that step forwards. I guess Yamada might be a bit troubled if I suddenly start talking to him though.

Ahh. Won’t I wake up already? I’ve returned. To reality. I can wake up. Quickly, wake……

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc: Past Arc 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ①

The man shakes the test tube. Filled with a red liquid, a small wave forms within the test tube. Using a micropipette, the red liquid inside the test tube is sucked up. With an experienced hand, the man transfers the contents of the micropipette to other test tubes one drop at a time. As each drop of the red liquid is added, the liquid chemicals in each test tube show a reaction every time. While observing that, the man progresses to the next experiment.

The man’s hands never stop. The place the man is in resembles both a laboratory and also a hospital room. Due to having the facilities of both, either could be said to be correct, but if one was to specifically define what type of place the room was, it would be a laboratory. The reason being, is that the ones lying down on beds were not patients, but the man’s experimental subjects – his laboratory animals.

The man, Potimas Hyphenath, turns his coldhearted gaze towards a girl lying down on a bed. His gaze is that of one towards a laboratory animal, without a trace of emotion. Even though she is his biological daughter.

From the reaction of the lined up test tubes, it is seen that there was no change compared to the previous day when the red liquid was added. However, it’s not the case that no abnormality was seen. Within that red liquid, a small amount of toxin was detected. From the blood of the girl lying down on the bed.

It is not the case that Potimas administered poison to the girl. The girl’s body was generating poison. However, that was not a function of a normal human body, and due to the generated poison contained within her blood stream, it had the effect of eating away at her own body. Due to her body being afflicted by this poison since she was born, it was inevitable that the girl experienced a life where she could not even properly get up from bed. However, if one was to ask whether the girl would be able to have an ordinary life if she had a healthy body instead, then the answer would be no. Due to her father being Potimas, and since she was not a proper human, it would be impossible for her to live an ordinary life.

She was a laboratory animal. Even though she was Potimas’s genetic daughter, since she was created by improper means she had no way of living except as a laboratory animal. Even so, it was unclear just how long her body that was being eaten away by poison would last. She was a chimera. The result of the insanity of mixing the genes of a human and an animal. She was one of the few successful examples. She was born as the result of an experiment to add animal characteristics to a human, by processing fertilised eggs. In appearance she was no different to a human, but her insides were irregular.

She had no name. However, based on the species of spider she had been combined with, in the form of a code name, she was called Taratekt.

☆

From the moment he was first aware, Potimas Hyphenath was different to the other humans around him. To him, it was incomprehensible. How could people pass their time so leisurely? People die. That unavoidable fate visited everyone equally, whether they were a great person or whether they were a villain. Potimas was unbearably terrified of that. Always afraid of death, always thinking about death. For that reason, he found it unfathomable and unbelieveable why everybody so rarely thought about death at all.

Why aren’t they afraid? Why don’t they resist?

Potimas did not want to die. Ever since infancy he was always dreading the moment that could come at any time. How could he avoid that ultimate reality? He continued to think about it through his entire childhood. Thus, he got involved with every single field of science. To find out whether or not there was a means of survival.

Starting from the conclusion – no field of science had a solution for how to avoid death. That was obvious. If a method was known, then there’s no way that people wouldn’t be aware of it. Since eternal youth and longevity is a dream desired by all, it was still a dream because it was impossible to achieve it. Moreover, that dream was something from what is called a fairy tale world. Since it was impossible to implement, there were few humans who seriously aimed to achieve it, and it was as lacking in authenticity as events from myths and legends.

Even so, Potimas did not give up. If he gave up there, he would have to wait for the death that would come some day. He refused to do so. Therefore, Potimas seriously tried to complete it. The secret to achieving eternal youth and longevity.

He conducted his research using scientific methods based around cellular biology. Before reaching the age of 10, he had skipped grades and became a university student, and before he was 20 he became world famous due to his numerous discoveries. However, his main research had not borne any fruit. Sensing the limits of science alone, Potimas eventually began forbidden research. The field of research that humans could not handle, known as magecraft.

In this world there were mysterious creatures. There were many puzzles about their ecology, and human wisdom was inadequate to the task of explaining everything. Amongst those creatures, the one that stood out the most by far and was hidden by a strange veil, was the dragon.

Dragons only inhabited unexplored regions deep in the mountains, and were cut off from human contact. Any foolish attempts made at contact meant bringing their wrath down upon you. In the past, humans who tried to explain the mysteries of the dragons all received severe retaliation. For that reason, little was known about dragons. However, it was established that they possessed a technique that could cause phenomenons that couldn’t be explained by science. That was designated by people as “magecraft”.

Potimas focused his attention on that. The reason being is that dragons had long lives. Dragons lived long enough that they were said to have eternal youth in legends. Researching the bodies of the long lived. Also, the unknown field of research called magecraft. If he could gain knowledge on those, then he could come closer to completing his research on eternal youth and longevity. With that conviction, Potimas set out to search dragons.

And that particular event became the prelude to ruin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-2: Past Arc 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

「Just who the heck was this idiot who committed the outrage of abducting an infant dragon?」

「It’s said to be under investigation currently.」

Seated at the emergency conference, the one who moaned that while at his wits’ end was the President who represented the country of Dazdoldia.

「What’s the damage?」

「For now it’s only gone as far as a warning, but if the search continues without progress then who knows……」

「Is the search making progress?」

「It seems even the perpetrator’s objective is unknown.」

「So in the end, it all depends upon the mood of the dragons huh.」

The President breathes a heavy sigh. An oppressive air enshrouds the conference room.

The origins of this began in an ally nation situated overseas in another continent, with an urgent appeal for support. According to them, “the dragons might rampage so we want you to dispatch reinforcements”.

Dragons. They are the creatures reigning at the summit of the ecosystem on this planet. Endowed with much greater intelligence than humans, endowed with much greater strength than humans, living for much longer than humans, and most of all, possessing the mysterious technique that humans cannot use called magecraft. In all regards they exceed humans by far, but they almost never meddle with humans. One of those rare exceptions is occurring. It was clearly an unusual situation. On inquiring for the details of the situation from the country requesting emergency aid, they were informed that there was an announcement from the dragons.

「An infant dragon has been abducted by humans. Immediately hand over the culprits, and safely return the infant dragon that was taken.」

That was the announcement from the dragons. At first, the ally nation that received the notice was thrown into confusion. Not only was it a bolt from the blue, but beyond that it was because dragons were simply too terrible to go against. Dragons were sacrosanct creatures, never to be interfered with. That was considered common sense across all of humanity, and they had never expected that there would be a fool who would violate that. However, that announcement from the dragons was the reality. That unbelieveable announcement that there was someone who had committed the outrage of abducting an infant dragon.

「Well then, Mr President. Shall we dispatch reinforcements?」

The Defence Secretary made that weighty inquiry. If the President gave the order to dispatch reinforcements, then as the one administering the military he would have to take action.

「Like hell!」

However, the Defence Secretary’s concerns were blown away with a loud rebuke from the President.

「They’re dragons you know? Have you forgotten the Tragedy of Tetmaia? Should the dragons go on a rampage, then it would be meaningless no matter how much our country reinforces them. The damage would simply be increased.」

The Tragedy of Tetmaia. That was an incident from the past, one of the few cases where their fury was demonstrated. In the country known as Tetmaia, a new type of bomb had successfully been developed, and of all things they dropped that in a region that dragons lived in. The new type of bomb had extraordinary power. Enough power to be able to genuinely rewrite the map. However, the reason why it is called the Tragedy, is because it became an opportunity for the fearsomeness of dragons to be demonstrated once again, as the damage brought about by that bomb was in no way a match for the dragons. As for why Tetmaia perpetrated such an outrage, nobody knows the truth. Because on the same day that the bomb was dropped, Tetmaia itself disappeared from the map. Able to shrug off the force of a bomb powerful enough to rewrite the map, and wielding the might to erase a country from the map. That’s the sort of creatures dragons are.

「However, although dispatching the army is out of the question, we can hardly sit back and do nothing either. Send appropriate people from the Investigation Bureau. Have them team up with the existing search members to help find the culprit.」

「Would they actually be welcomed?」

「Worried about the investigators’ pride? Feed that stuff to the dragons. Issue a directive that our people are free to operate independently if the other side doesn’t intend to cooperate. This might not be limited to just that country. This isn’t the time to be worrying about appearances.」

The Investigation Bureau responds to the President’s orders.

「That’s enough for dealing with the other country. We must tighten our defence here as well, right. Reinforce all the surveillance at all airports and harbours. Absolutely do not allow the abducted infant dragon to enter our country. It’s not a problem even if the inspectors have to get a little rough. Check everything that is suspicious. Ah, better watch out for smuggling as well I guess?」

After the rapid succession of orders, the people in charge began to grimace. The country of Dazdoldia is a superstate that encompases an entire continent. Naturally there are an enormous number of airports and harbours, and when private ones and illegal ones are included, it’s no simple task to monitor all of them. However, if they don’t and the abducted infant dragon was brought into the country, in the worst case it would mean that the dragons would target this country instead. That could not be allowed to happen. Precisely because he understood that, the President had to give the orders no matter how difficult they were to achieve.

「……Also, spread this to the Sariera Society.」

The President was vague, but even so the order was clearly given.

「That will mean disclosing confidential information to a civilian charity though. Are you sure about that?」

「It’s fine.」

In response for the request for confirmation, the President gave an immediate reply. The one asking understood as well. If the dragons actually did rampage, the only one who could stop them was the Sariera Society. Or to be precise, only the Sariera Society’s president.

The Sariera Society is a charitable organisation not attached to any country. Their range of activities is wide-ranging. Protection of plants and animals. Support for hospitals. Aid for the poor. On top of that, they even have experience mediating in wars. They are an organisation that undertakes every activity that is considered to be charitable. That is the Sariera Society.

There is a plausible seeming rumour regarding the Sariera Society. Namely, that the president of the Sariera Society is not human. None of the humans who knew the truth about that were in this conference room. However, they did know that it was true that the president of the Sariera Society could stop the dragons. Because on the occasion of the Tragedy of Tetmaia, the one who suppressed the raging dragons was precisely that person.

「I don’t know how the Sariera Society will respond. But, there shouldn’t be any downsides to informing them.」

The Sariera Society performed charitable activities. Furthermore, their actions were far purer than any other charity. Unselfish to the degree that people wonder if they’re actually human, purely aiming to provide salvation every day. The number of humans saved by those activities were countless, and in addition their activities impressed countless wealthy individuals who then provided backing. Originally, the organisation called the Sariera Society was formed by people who had been deeply impressed by the actions of the president and wanted to support the president. The Sariera Society was not formed by the president – it was formed to support the president. So long as the president never commits a crime, the Sariera Society will never side will evil. And so, based on the President’s knowledge of the Sariera Society, upon learning about the current incident, it was inconceivable that the president of the Sariera Society would ever misuse that information. At any rate, she was so pure and noble that she was even called a goddess by the public.

「Fearing the wrath of dragons, we cling to the kindness of the goddess. Seriously, we sure are powerless.」

In response to the President’s grumbling, the conference ended without anybody responding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-3: Past Arc 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ③

Gyuriedistodiez was still young for a dragon. For that reason, his indignation during the current incident was strong. Both against the humans who had committed the outrage of abducting an infant dragon, and against the upper echelon dragons who were seemingly acting timid against the humans by showing mercy.

These damn humans who would commit such atrocities – wouldn’t it be better to simply destroy them along with the country?

Those were Gyuriedistodiez’s unfiltered genuine thoughts. To dragons, life forms other than themselves were all nothing more than inferior beings. Since dragons were guaranteed to rise to the realm of the gods from the moment they were born, Gyuriedistodiez didn’t care to call those frail creatures that would almost all die before becoming gods anything other than “inferior”. The supreme race that controlled the world were dragons alone. It would be fine if they obediently served dragons, but it was appropriate to destroy a race that would commit deeds that effectively spat on dragons. In his own judgement, only going as far as destroying the country and not the entire race was considered merciful. That’s what Gyuriedistodiez thought, but the order handed down by the upper echelon dragons was much more merciful, so much so that it could be considered lenient.

「Damn!」

In agitation he clicked his tongue. Gyuriedistodiez was currently transformed into a human. Despite being young, to Gyuriedistodiez who had already reached the realm of the gods, changing his shape was something trivial. Compared to his original form his human form was much smaller, making it easy to transform into. Having taken on human form, Gyuriedistodiez was currently walking through a district that humans had built. His objective was the search of the abducted infant. Take on human form, and take action while being careful not to cause trouble to the humans. Destructive actions were out of the question. Those were the orders handed down from the upper echelons.

Lenient. A far too lenient response. With the power at Gyuriedistodiez’s disposal, even crushing a country was easy. He considered that it would likely be better to destroy a country as a warning, so that the humans would never consider taking unusual actions again.

Gyuriedistodiez had already located the whereabouts of the abducted infant. Gyuriedistodiez was a dragon whose greatest forte was in manipulating space itself, and using that power to determine the location of someone of his own race was simple. However, he was still unable to take action. That was because the intention of the upper echelon dragons, was that the humans must resolve this by themselves as much as possible. Rescuing the abducted infant would be simple enough. However, since it was the humans who had abducted the infant, it was better to make the humans take responsibility for that. Therefore, he had to let the humans rescue the abducted infant. That was the conclusion from the upper echelon dragons. In the unlikely case that the infant faced danger Gyuriedistodiez was there for insurance, and so long as the infant wasn’t in danger then he couldn’t take action. Gyuriedistodiez was disgruntled about that.

On top of that, the bad air in the human district was making Gyuriedistodiez’s mood worse. The vehicles called cars emitted exhaust fumes, the large buildings confined the space, and the streets were packed with humans striding around as if they owned the place. That was all part of it, but the most aggravating aspect was that this place was claimed as a human district. It was becoming hard for him to suppress the desire to impulsively blow away everything. He couldn’t understand why the upper echelons would leave such creatures to their own devices.

What Gyuriedistodiez felt, was nothing unusual for dragons. As a whole, dragons consider themselves to be supreme beings, and seriously believe that they should be in control of the world. Thus, for inferior creatures such as humans to not be under the dominion of dragons, and even maintaining self-reliance and self-governance, is not something considered to be interesting by many dragons deep inside. However, if there’s one difference between Gyuriedistodiez and the upper echelons, it’s whether or not they were aware of the fact. The fact that there is an existence that even dragons cannot simply meddle with.

A young man bumps into Gyuriedistodiez’s shoulder. A young man together with a young woman. The young man didn’t even notice that he had bumped into Gyuriedistodiez, and continued to walk along with his lover while laughing.

Gyuriedistodiez’s fury boiled over in an instant. An inferior creature had bumped into him and then disregarded him. There was no reason for him to forgive such humiliation. All the irritation that had piled up within Gyuriedistodiez, would be channeled into the deserved killing of the young man who had committed the disgrace. Just by striking his fist into the forehead, that frail human would be killed. An instant later would be the spectacle of the young man being entirely smashed to pieces. Or should have been.

「Warning. Physical interference towards primitive creatures cannot be permitted.」

Gyuriedistodiez’s hand was gently held by another hand. That hand that only seemed to be lightly placed, had completely stopped Gyuriedistodiez’s action. Even when he tried to pull it back, he couldn’t move his body.

「What the!?」

Given his trembling voice, even he himself did not understand the reason.

「Hostile action towards primitive creatures observed. Allowing such actions violate the aforementioned mission. Will proceed to elimination.」

In response to Gyuriedistodiez’s meaningless question, the person who had caught his hand dispassionately informed him so, as if explaining some facts. Spoken with a gaze so lacking in emotion, that it was like an artificial eye. With a gaze as indifferent as if looking at garbage.

Gyuriedistodiez hadn’t been aware. That in this world, there was an entity that was on more than equal terms with dragons. Gyuriedistodiez met that entity on this day. A member of the anti-god battle angel race, belonging to the seraph class of higher order angels, stray angel Sariel. The mass god-killing machine, referred to as the goddess.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-4: Past Arc 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ④

Her mission – to protect primitive creatures. Sariel has been carrying out that mission since the distant past. Protecting creatures from natural disasters, in particular protecting them from gods coming from off-world, only ever thinking about the situation of the primitive creatures. She has saved many lives. However, for Sariel who is specialised for combat, there was also countless lives that she was unable to save. Each time that happened, Sariel pondered. What is the best option? Where did things go wrong? Simply carrying out her mission. All to accomplish that, since before mankind even developed civilisation, Sariel has continuously been pondering such things.

Dealing with gods invading from outside is simple enough. Sariel belongs to the seraph class of higher order angels. Her combat abilities are so high that average gods don’t stand a chance against her. It makes no difference if they’re dragons either. The reason why dragons don’t rule this planet, is because of the existence of Sariel. In order to defeat Sariel, it would be completely impossible without the upper echelon dragons joining in. Even then there would be no certainty, and if they were careless even the upper echelon dragons could be defeated. The upper echelon dragons on this planet are aware of that. Gyuriedistodiez wasn’t aware of that. That’s why, he took action while being unaware of how terrifying she was.

He stretched out his unheld hand towards Sariel. That he moved to grab her rather than punch her, perhaps shows that a sense of reason still just barely remained in Gyuriedistodiez’s brain, or perhaps that he instinctively sensed that he couldn’t win and hesitated to completely antagonize her. Either way, the fact that he didn’t try to punch her, resulted in Gyuriedistodiez escaping death.

Gyuriedistodiez’s hand that made to try to grab her was brushed away. It was an action so casual that a “slap” sound effect could practically be heard, but for a god like Gyuriedistodiez to have his hand brushed away, wasn’t something that was normally possible. In the first place, Gyuriedistodiez’s grabbing hand easily surpassed the speed of sound, so considering that it was repelled with a physical body, it means that the collision alone between both hands would cause terrible shock-waves. That was due to the laws of physics, but Sariel disregarded them. As she had used a barrier to forcibly shut in the explosion that would normally have caused damage to the area. Taking the destruction of the surrounding area into consideration, is a pointless action in the midst of battle. However, the fact that she actually did it, indicates the true gap in strength between Sariel and Gyuriedistodiez.

「Second warning. Physical interference towards primitive creatures cannot be permitted. Allowing such actions violate the aforementioned mission. Will proceed to elimination.」

As the words indicated, the words spoken just recently were repeated.

「There will be no third warning.」

However, the words that followed were completely merciless advice. It was a plain declaration that if he tried to do anything further then he would be eliminated without question. However, Gyuriedistodiez was not aware that he was being treated with considerable tolerance thus far. Based on the information she had gained of this incident, Sariel knew which side was at fault. While there was nothing praiseworthy about raising a hand to unrelated members of the public, she also knew that dragons saw humans not as individuals but as a race. For that reason, she held back from crushing him immediately. Normally, the instant any non-native species tried to take action against the primitive creatures of this planet, she would crush them without question. Comparing that to this occasion, issuing a warning not just once, but ignoring a little prank and issuing a second warning, shows a considerable degree of tolerance. If Sariel had come here without knowing anything instead, or if Gyuriedistodiez had tried to punch her rather than grab her instead, then his life would have ended right there. And then, his lucky breaks continued.

「Hm!?」

A grunt of surprise leaked out from Gyuriedistodiez mouth. However, that was not due to Sariel, and instead his gaze went through Sariel to a different location. To where the abducted infant dragon was. In Gyuriedistodiez’s eyes, at the place where the infant dragon was being held, armed humans could be seen breaking in. Those armed humans, were also identifiable as belonging to the regular army of this country. Gyuriedistodiez single-mindedly concentrated on their actions, checking whether any harm could come to the abducted infant dragon. That concern passed without being realised, and the attacking soldiers captured the group of kidnappers. The abducted infant dragon was safely taken into protection. Observing that through clairvoyance Gyuriedistodiez breathed a light sigh of relief that the infant was no longer in danger for now. Then, remembering that his hand was still being held, he became baffled as to what he should do for the first time since coming here.

Gyuriedistodiez realised that the still expressionless woman holding his hand, was the stray angel Sariel that he had heard about. He had heard about her. About the stray angel on this planet, and that precisely because of her existence the dragons could only take half-hearted actions. However, there are things that can’t be understood without seeing her in person. With Gyuriedistodiez seeing her in person, he realised that his expectations of her were unimaginably naive.

Dragons uniquely have the ability to create a special boundary field. A field that invalidates all magecraft, something that could be said to be the natural enemy of gods that rely upon the foundation of the paranormal phenomenon known as magecraft. Naturally, Gyuriedistodiez was using that ability as well. However, that field, was currently being suppressed by force. It was being overwritten by the field that Sariel had projected. The field that dragons have can invalidate even the magecraft of gods. However, Sariel had turned that common sense upside down, and was suppressing Gyuriedistodiez’s field with another field of such power that it couldn’t be invalidated. A pure feat of strength, to an absolutely absurd degree.

The difference in strength was simply too great. Here and now, Gyuriedistodiez became aware that he himself had done something very risky. If he had ignored the second warning and had launched another attack then what? Without doubt the dragon known as Gyuriedistodiez would have come to an end there. By chance the rescue operation of the abducted infant dragon occurred with opportune timing, and without the country’s army storming into the kidnapper’s base he likely wouldn’t have been distracted. However, if that hadn’t happened and with him having lost his cool at the time, what would the end result have been then? On imagining such a thing, this time Gyuriedistodiez became cool-headed.

「The subjugation seems to be completed. We should go.」

Still holding Gyuriedistodiez’s hand, Sariel walked off towards the scene. Gyuriedistodiez followed, lead by Sariel’s hand. In his dread, Gyuriedistodiez couldn’t do anything except to follow in silence.

Afterwards, the abducted infant dragon was safely delivered into Gyuriedistodiez’s hands, and as the one who reported the location of the criminals to the country, Sariel gave a firm refusal to the army commander who had wanted to give her hospitality as a reward. She simply left. The young dragon looking on that scene, would never have imagined in his wildest dreams that he would fall in love with her later on.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter osles2: Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 2

D「Greetings. We are back with everyone’s favourite segment.」

M「I’ll do everything to pretend the previous disgrace never happened.」

D「E-v-e-r-y-o-n-e-’s f-a-v-o-u-r-i-t-e!」

M「There’s no need to be so desperate… Well, let’s get on with it already.」

D「E-v-e-r-y-o… [That’s enough, okay?」」

D「Ahem. Starting from the beginning then, it is time for the second “oshiete D-sensei”. On this occasion we shall discuss the gods.」

M「Ahh, that’s torn it I guess.」

D「At the time of the Past Arc, it was impossible to give an explanation about the gods. There was no other way, so there was no option except for D-sensei to make an appearance. Thus, this segment was revived.」

M「How meta.」

D「That being said, the explanation will not be especially detailed. The subject of the gods becomes a huge topic once you start to discuss it, so I shall only explain the parts relevant to the Past Arc.」

M「Specifically, that would be regarding the dragons and angels, right?」

D「Correct. As was touched upon in Past Arc ③, the dragons are a bunch of damn fools who believe in the supremacy of dragons.」

M「Do not use such bad language! You’re not wrong though.」

D「Indeed, seriously, they really are a bunch of good for nothings. They are egotistical and haughty creatures who cannot accept not being the best. Nonetheless, since they are strong at least they are troublesome in the extreme.」

M「Since the one in charge of the exposition is doing nothing but complaining I shall give a detailed explanation. Dragons are born with the expectation of being able to reach the realm of gods sooner or later, so they could be called the elite from the moment they’re born. The origins of them are also ancient, as they are said to be the second oldest gods, following the oldest gods known as the titans. They have both history, and power. As a result, they flaunt their successes and don’t hesitate to declare that the dragon race are at the very peak, and in fact they rule over many planets.」

D「In short, they are cocky.」

M「Well, you’re not wrong. However, they do in fact have enough power to justify that. Being gods they carry an enormous amount of energy within themselves for a start, and their bodies are far sturdier than any human’s. In addition they have high intelligence.」

D「Due to their personalities that high intelligence is not readily apparent though. Being narrow-minded is not good. Gyurie-kun would surely also blush at how he acted in the past.」

M「Just how much do you hate dragons? Sheesh. Let’s continue the discussion. The greatest trait that dragons have is their boundary field ability. Being able to completely invalidate the workings of magecraft, is the boundary field trait that dragons possess. In modern times the dragons and drakes that appear have the magic obstruction skill which is a deteriorated version of the ability that real dragons have.」

D「The dragons and drakes that exist within the System are imitations of real dragons after all. The only true dragon left on that planet is Gyurie-kun.」

M「There’s no comparison between the boundary field of real dragons and the imitations. In particular, the individual recognised as the strongest dragon is even called the “The Unbreakable God”, boasting a defence that invalidates almost all attacks. Such a cheat eh.」

D「……Like you are one to talk?」

M「Oh my, what might you be referring to?」

D「Nope, nothing.」

M「Well, this is how the dragon species already boasts of possessing perfect strength. A species with such strength would intend to rule over worlds.」

D「STO-O-P! I shall explain from now on. Or rather, if I let you keep on with the explanations in my segment, it will totally become “oshiete Meido-sensei”. I shall definitely block any further explanations.」

M「Erm, well, okay. Go ahead.」

D「As a species the dragons certainly have great power, but the reason why they do not currently rule over worlds is due opposing forces, as I am sure you are already aware. One of them is the angels.」

M「There are forces other than angels, but those will be left out.」

D「There are a lot of them after all. If we started talking about them all it would never end. Anyway, with regards to the angel race, they are a bunch with a lot of mysteries about them. In the first place, it is said that they suddenly appeared after all. This was during the ancient times when the dragons had gotten full of themselves, and it is said that suddenly one day appeared beings who began to kill the gods. I had not yet been born then so I can only go by the rumours though.」

M「Those times were very chaotic, apparently. At any rate, during the period when there was the two great powers of the dragons and the titans, there was the sudden appearance of a third power.」

D「Moreover, when it came to gods they attacked indiscriminately. Naturally, it was chaotic. There are various opinions with regards to the true nature of angels, but the most prominent one is the theory that perhaps they are a defence mechanism belonging to the various worlds. According to this theory, the angels might be a race that was born from worlds that felt a sense of impending crisis due to the gods going rampaging around like drunkards.」

M「They not only suddenly appeared without any warning, they also only attacked gods after all. And, the aspect that supports this theory more than anything is that the angels evolve by killing gods.」

D「Indeed. All members of the angel race are capable of evolving by killing gods. If they defeat a strong god they get that much stronger, and if they defeat a smart god they get that much smarter, even adopting the appearance. The reason why many have a humanoid appearance is because they killed the god said to be the originator of the human race. Incidentally, this law also applies to the worlds as well. If a prominent god dies then the living beings on that world also evolve to become closer to that god. The reason why it is believed that the angels might have a strong connection to the worlds is because of the existence of this law. Then again, there is an enormous gulf between the rate of evolution of normal living creatures and angels though. An angel will radically evolve on killing a god after all.」

M「Ironically, as a result of evolving too much and gaining a sense of self, a certain fallen angel appeared who began doing whatever he felt like.」

D「Indeed. By nature angels are all similar to Sariel who just made her appearance within the story, lacking in human kindness and being like machines. Despite her being known as the Goddess with her head full of flowers, I am sure it was unexpected for Sariel to be that type of character.」

M「Surely.」

D「In practice she is a woman who will absolutely accomplish her mission. Moveover, the worst part about her is that she is a stray angel.」

M「Regarding her being a “stray angel”, for some reason she has strayed from the main force of angels, yet is still faithfully continuing to accomplish her given mission. In this sense her being a stray angel is like a “bug”, and with her being the type to blindly devote herself to her mission without any flexibility she’s causing many troubles. Seriously, why did this individual called Sariel become a stray angel?」

D「Regarding that, while I am not certain whether it is related or not, but long ago there was a nuisance of a god rampaging around that area apparently.」

M「Then isn’t it due to that god? The angel Sariel is a powerful enough individual to meddle with dragons without hesitation it seems. Surely she wouldn’t become a stray angel without something unprecedented occurring.」

D「Indeed, something must have occurred. As unprecedented as the god rampaging around in those days killing random gods to improve her skill. Indeed.」

M「……」

D「Of course, it is unknown if it was related. Indeed, completely unknown.」

M「U, undoubtedly it was unrelated. Surely it was. Let’s say it was okay.」

D「And we shall leave it at that.」

D「Well, let’s summarise things for a moment. The planet on which the main story is set was once the domain of angels. However, some sort, indeed, some sort of trouble occurred, and the angels apart from Sariel vanished, leaving Sariel alone to carry out her mission, and properly continued to protect the primitive creatures.」

M「Hey, please don’t emphasise the “some sort” part!」

D「Then the dragons secretly settled. Despite being scared of Sariel they waited for their chance to rule the planet. Sariel was indifferent to anything except her mission to protect the primitive creatures after all. So long as the primitive creatures were left alone they could stay there.」

M「It’s really touching to hear the effort they put in. I have nothing to say about how they arrived with the desire to rule the place though.」

D「They are dragons after all so it cannot be helped.」

M「That’s dragons for you.」

D「But, what we have been talking about is what happened prior to the Past Arc. From here on will be Po-no-ji’s secret manoeuvrings, Po-no-ji getting up to bad stuff, Po-no-ji being reckless and all sorts of other bad things.」

M「Isn’t it generally Po-no-ji’s fault?」

D「That is terribly correct. Then at the end of the world I shall make my descent! My glorious offer to save the world shall appear later in the Past Arc.」

M「What a terrible spoiler. Ah, no. You saving the world is a pack of lies.」

D「Evil Gods don’t lie.」

M「Liar!」

D「We shall end this second installment of “oshiete D-sensei” here. Well then, until next time. Good bye!」

M「Good bye.」

Gyurigyuri: In the past, I was a rascal to the extent that I would actually say “You damn inferior creatures!”

Meido-san: In the past, I was a rascal to the extent of killing random gods to improve my skill.

D: Past and present a rascal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-5: Past Arc 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑤

Potimas was glued to the monitor, closely observing what was being shown on it. On a gigantic screen many graphical windows were open, showing various things. On one window was a video, on another window was a chart, on yet another window was a document. Potimas was reading those various pieces of information side by side.

All of those were data created by the criminal group behind the kidnapping of an infant dragon in a certain country. Video footage of when the infant dragon was kidnapped. Observation documents on the infant dragon after it was kidnapped. Also, body tissue data collected from the infant dragon. Potimas had in his hands all the data owned by the criminal group who had kidnapped the infant dragon.

Potimas had no connection with the criminal group. To be more precise, no direct connection. Potimas had a slender connection to the criminal group, via multiple people and organisations as intermediaries. However, the criminal group wasn’t aware of that. Unbeknownst to the criminal group, Potimas was taking the fruits of their labours. In addition, to completely avoid dirtying his own hands, he even made use of others to steal the data. By using all these precautions stacked on top of each other, even the most capable investigator would not be able to trace the crimes back to Potimas. Even if by chance they were able to trace the crimes back to him, Potimas was manoeuvring to prevent himself from being arrested.

The investigation had in fact come to an end, but Potimas himself didn’t have the slightest intention of being involved in such a dangerous crime. He especially did not want to take on the dangerous creatures known as dragons. Because Potimas did not want to die, he would avoid anything that would slightly increase the risks to his wellbeing. If he was ever to take such actions, then it would only be after Potimas had ensured his own personal safety. Thus, only after making meticulous plans to ensure his own personal safety, did Potimas trigger the incident in question.

The criminal group were sacrificial pawns in order for Potimas to collect experimental data. Even the organisation behind those sacrificial pawns were themselves prepared as sacrificial pawns, and even the fact that Potimas was connected with that organisation wouldn’t come out. This incident resulted in many people being arrested. However, none of them reached Potimas. They had been induced in such a way that it was a matter of course that they wouldn’t.

If by some chance Potimas’s machinations were able to be completely exposed, then people would surely have been amazed at the extraordinary meticulousness of it all. All of that was done to achieve one objective – immortality. The great efforts that Potimas went to in order to achieve his dearest wish. His crazy obsession resulted in many people being dragged into the incident.

As a consequence, the amount of data that Potimas had been able to get his hands on, was pathetically small. While making enemies of the paranormal creatures known as dragons, and getting many people involved, all that Potimas had obtained was a report less than 10 pages long, and a video recording less than an hour long. Given the effort involved, what he had gained was pathetically small.

However, rather than sulking about that, Potimas eagerly watched the video, and re-read the obtained data again and again. While doing so he spun multiple ideas through his head. Until he had rewatched the video perhaps more than a hundred times, he was glued to the monitor forgetting even to eat.

Finally he came to a conclusion. That dragons didn’t work according to science, but the logic of magecraft. In the data on the composition of the dragon’s scales, there was nothing but conventionally known materials. While the scales were closer to being mineral than something biological, even so there was nothing unfamiliar about them. Despite that, the results from the structural strength experiments showed numbers that exceeded the values expected by the material composition by an unthinkable amount. It was a phenomenon that was unthinkable based on scientific general knowledge. In the recording made when the infant dragon was captured, it spat fire out from its mouth, was seen flying around as if disregarding gravity, stopped bullets and so on in mid-air, so that was something anyone who saw it would understand. It was clearly understood that the video recordings were not manipulated and that no trickery was involved. The video was proof, that paranormal phenomenons could actually occur in practice. Nevertheless, in Potimas’s judgement those paranormal phenomenons still had laws. If not for that then the infant dragon wouldn’t have become short of breath and been captured. While they were paranormal phenomenons that were unthinkable based on science, they still had rules and laws, and were not capable of anything and everything.

Once that was understood the rest was simple. In short, while different to science, the phenomenons were still grounded in precise rules. That being the case, even if they didn’t know the rules, it would still be possible for humans to replicate them. If there were no rules and laws regarding them at all, and they were something as intangible as a real act of god then Potimas wouldn’t have been able to do anything at all. However, since there were rules and laws involved, then they were simply natural phenomenon that humans didn’t currently understand. They felt paranormal purely because they weren’t understood. If they could be understood then there would be nothing paranormal about them, and would simply be laws.

In order to explain those rules, Potimas then immersed himself in researching magecraft. Having felt the limits of science, he worked to achieve eternal youth and longevity. Finally, he discovered it. The strange energy that could not be explained by science, MA Energy. When the findings of that discovery, and the additional investigations that Potimas would make further, were made public, it shook the world and caused great confusion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-6: Past Arc 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑥

Author「Gyuriedistodiez! Your name is too long!」

Gyuriedistodiez「!?」

Author「Therefore, you’ll be known as Gyurie in the narration from now on!」

Gyurie「!?」

Author「Actually, wouldn’t shortening it more to G be better!? 」

G「!!?」

After that incident, Gyurie started making extensive use of clairvoyance to study Sariel.

Dragons are supreme, all other races are just inferior creatures. That’s how he had been taught, and that’s what he had believed without any doubts. However, that common sense was completely overturned by one chance meeting with Sariel. A power that overwhelms any dragon on this planet. Having been shown a glimpse of that power, Gyurie had begun to doubts the words that dragons are supreme that he had believed until now.

Perhaps if Gyurie had meet a dragon who possed equal or greater power than Sariel, then possibly his thinking might not have been overturned. However, Gyurie was born and raised on this planet, and had not gone off this planet and into the universe. He had had no opportunity to meet with a superior dragon in the universe. Consequently, Gyurie’s knowledge of the upper limits of what dragons could achieve was restricted to dragons from the same planet, and Sariel had easily surpassed that. For that reason he started to doubt.

Were dragons really supreme beings?

Normally, dragons would never harbour such doubts. Perhaps it was because Gyurie was still young and had flexible thinking, or otherwise perhaps it was because Gyurie was somewhat unusual. Either way, he harboured doubts.

However, while that may be true, it wasn’t so simple for him to overturn what he had believed in until now. For that reason, Gyurie decided to make observations of Sariel who had become the trigger for his doubts. If he was to observe Sariel, then he had the hopes and fears of being able to determine whether or not dragons really were supreme. At that point the doubts within Gyurie had already changed his convictions, but since admitting that was galling, by somehow discovering Sariel’s faults he wanted to gain the peace of mind that “see, dragons are supreme after all”. All while turning his back on the reality that doing so wouldn’t change the fact that there was no dragon on this planet who could compete with Sariel in terms of combat ability.

And so, his observations of Sariel began. Fortunately for Gyurie he had plenty of time. The very existence of dragons are far removed from ordinary creatures. Not just in terms of their life span, but unlike normal creatures they can also subsist with minimal food and sleep. Because of that, the daily life of dragons is surprisingly quiet. It’s not unusual for them to do nothing for days on end. During such free time when he had nothing else to do, he would simply observe Sariel instead. He could observe her all day long.

Once Gyurie started observing her, his heart was filled with nothing but bewilderment. That what Sariel was doing was far too small in scope.

For example, if an epidemic broke out in a particular region, she would accompany the doctors. Indeed, from a human point of view, on seeing her bravely looking after patients she would be compared to a saint. However, from a god’s point of view, it would be simple to use magecraft to exterminate the virus that was the underlying cause of the disease. Sariel didn’t do that. Leaving matters to the doctors, she would allow humans to resolve it by themselves.

As he continued his observations, he repeatedly saw this pattern where she would fail to do something even though she should have been able to. What he gradually began to feel, was irritation. Why are you using such roundabout methods? For the sake of efficiency there should be far better methods. Surely by displaying the power of a god she would be able to solve a great many problems, yet she didn’t. Sariel’s inefficient methods, looked hypocritical to Gyurie. If you really want to save people, then surely it would be better to use the power of god without concern for how it was perceived. Despite that, Sariel stubbornly refrained from using the power of god.

Because of that there was a life she failed to save. A child that Sariel was nursing.

「Onee-chan, thank you.」

「Thanks are unnecessary. This is my mission.」

「See you tomorrow.」

「Yes, see you tomorrow.」

That was a casual exchange on leaving the hospital. That was the last conversation between Sariel and that child. When Sariel visited the hospital the next day, that child had passed away.

It should have been possible to save the child. So why didn’t she? And in spite of not saving the child, why did she then look so sad? When she was thanked, what was that subtle smile for?

Back when he begun the observations, Gyurie had thought that Sariel was a machine-like existence without any human kindness. He had been taught that that’s how angels were. However, he noticed that was wrong during his observations. Certainly Sariel appeared to be mechanically carrying out charitable work. However, there were flashes of what appeared to be emotions during casual moments.

Didn’t she seem happy, when thanked by that child? Didn’t she seem sad, when that child passed away? Despite that, as if those emotions had never existed, she then mechanically moved onto her next task.

As seen from a human point of view, Sariel’s actions were surely the epitome of salvation. She was practically worshipped as a goddess, and thanked. In response to that she always gave the same reply.

「Thanks are unnecessary. This is my mission.」

From a human perspective she surely seemed humble. However, Gyurie saw it differently. He saw her as a hypocrite wracked with guilt.

She could do it, but didn’t. Despite not doing so, failing to save people made her depressed. As Gyurie thought that it would be better to save them in the first place if she was going to get depressed about it, he got increasingly irritated. Then as if glossing over her depressed feelings, she mechanically moved on to her next task.

Did she really understand? Despite calling it her mission, she is taking action based on her emotions. Despite saying that her mission was the protection of the primitive lifeforms, she was biased towards saving humans. Every time Gyurie saw Sariel seemingly lacking in self-awareness, his irritation got increasingly larger. Gyurie himself had also not realised that he had forgotten his original objective.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-8: Past Arc 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑧

Just when did it start? Just when did Sariel start giving priority to humans over other creatures? The trigger was quite trivial.

The mission that was assigned to Sariel was the protection of primitive creatures. Being a type of angel that is combat specialised, the meaning of Sariel being assigned such a mission was that she should, in short, protect primitive creatures from other gods. The act of interfering with other gods means that, in short, the mission that was assigned to Sariel was the expulsion of gods. Similarly to the other gods, Sariel was not asked to interfere with the primitive creatures.

That’s why she simply watched over them at first. Sariel had watched over the world the whole time. However, starting from a certain point Sariel no longer simply watched over them, but began to lend a helping hand.

The trigger, really was quite trivial. It was simply, a child who she helped out with minor good intentions. She merely helped up a child who had fallen over, something that would be a stretch to be called something as great as a virtuous deed.

「Thank you!」

All that happened, was that she was thanked. Such a slight thing was where it all began.

☆

A stalker, refers to the act of following around a specific person. Understandably, the act of monitoring a specific person is also covered by that. There are different responses depending upon the country, but in developed countries it was an act that was mostly treated as a crime.

A crime. A dragon such as himself, was a criminal. Only Gyurie knew just how much of a shock that was for him. However, it would be enough to say that the impact was large.

As asked to by Foddway, in the process of studying about human common sense, Gyurie also gained knowledge about stalkers. Thus he became depressed. To think that the actions he himself had so casually done, was actually regarded as a despicable act and a crime to humans. A dragon such as himself, would be pointed out by humans as a despicable stalker behind his back. What a disgrace!

At the same time, he felt a sense of crises due to the depth of his ignorance. He became anxious about the fact that perhaps the things he had been doing until now, might in fact be seen as something absurd by other people. Driven by that anxiety, Gyurie studied everything possible about human common sense and customs.

Dragons would not normally do such a thing. They would not be shaken by how humans saw them. It was obvious that humans would regard dragons as being divine. Since dragons were clearly supreme beings after all. It was also obvious that humans would regard dragons as being strange. Dragons, as supreme beings, would obviously be beyond the understanding of stunted beings like mere humans. Humans are fools because they are unable to understand dragons, and a dragon’s actions cannot possibly be wrong. Such things are normal for dragons.

However, in contradiction to that, Gyurie’s heart was disturbed by the words of humans, and he studied human culture. From that point on his fellow dragons began to regard him as strange. As a supreme being, what need is there for a dragon to study the life of inferior creatures? As a supreme being, why does a dragon need to fit in with inferior creatures? It’s fine between dragons, but if anyone has to fit in it should be those inferior creatures who should match themselves to dragons. Despite that, Gyurie didn’t believe that what he was doing was wrong.

Until Gyurie had met Sariel he had believed that dragons were indeed supreme beings and hadn’t doubted that. On meeting Sariel a tear had formed in that way of thinking, and on being defeated in arguments with Foddway that tear became even bigger. Dragons were certainly mighty and great. However, were they really supreme beings in the end? Despite being inferior to Sariel in combat, and losing to Foddway in words? Perhaps there are races that are superior to dragons that I’m simply not aware of?

To dragons such thoughts were heresy, but Gyurie was fully satisfied with that. There was no doubt that dragons were extremely advanced beings. However, while that might be true, he had decided that it was overly hasty to arbitrarily declare that other creatures were inferior. In which case, wouldn’t it be better to learn from the humans who he had not taken the least bit notice of until now, having considered them inferior and contemptible? The more that question drove him to study humans the more his beliefs changed.

Despite the excellence of dragons, they didn’t attempt to make progress. Since even if they don’t attempt to consciously do so, they will naturally improve in strength and knowledge as time goes by. And after a certain amount of time goes by, their intelligence will also develop in its own way. Precisely because they have enough time to be called an eternity, they are a species that can evolve to their peak potential without even trying to rush. That’s how dragons are.

In comparison, humans have no time to spare. From a dragon’s point of view, an entire human’s lifetime goes by in just an instant, so their lives burn out in such a instant. Their whole life is bustling with action, and they take the concept of living seriously, rejoicing in life. While dragons spend their time in idleness, humans are taking action to a shocking degree. Even if the end result is trivial from a dragon’s point of view, humans live. They live life to the full.

It seems that humans call people who do nothing and spend their time in idleness, a NEET. I see, going by that theory then all dragons are NEETs. Realising that, Gyurie secretly smiled. No matter how big a difference in strength they can boast of, it’s inevitable for them to be made fun of and treated as nothing more than NEETs and even stalkers.

While dragons are being NEETs, humans are living desperately. As a race, dragons are superior. That is the undoubted truth. However, while that may be true, Gyurie was no longer able to look down upon humans as inferior creatures. If dragons simply rest on their laurels using the strength of their race, some day humans might give them a wake-up call or otherwise cause them to feel a sense of crisis. Even if that is over-thinking things, there are many things that can be learned from how humans live.

To thank her for giving him the chance to realise this. To apologise for what he had done until now. And most of all, to verify the answer, Gyurie made up his mind to visit Sariel once again. To verify the answer for why Sariel won’t use her powers as a god.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-9: Past Arc 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Humans 1.0 suck. Would Humans 2.0 be better or worse?

Past Arc ⑨

Sariel pondered. What should she do? However, the answer never came to her.

The more effort she puts into helping one person, the more likely someone else will be sacrificed. The more she tries to resolve one problem, the more new problems arise. It was an endless chain. No matter what she did there would always be some people she couldn’t help. No matter how much she tried to help them, they would never be saved.

There was a person who fell ill and expelled from the village. It wasn’t an infectious disease, but in those days medical treatment had not yet been developed, so there was nobody who understood that. Having been driven out from the village, Sariel lent a helping hand to save the sick person, who otherwise could do nothing except wait for death. She cured the disease, and sent the person back to the village restored to health.

The next day, that person was burnt at the stake by the other villages.

The witch used a devil to cure the disease. No, not just that, the witch sold her soul to the devil, and came for revenge. Either way, since the witch has returned the disease might spread anyway, so better kill her.

Why? Why? Why, why, why, why, why, why, why?

People are afraid of things they don’t understand. The person who fell ill and was driven from the village immediately came back healthy. It was something beyond human reasoning. Rather than rejoicing in the miracle, they became horrified instead. Before all that, they had driven out a sick person. Holding their own lives precious, they abandoned the sick person who needed aid. They dodged their feelings of guilt by saying that the one at fault was the sick person. That by selling her soul to the devil to be cured of the disease, there’s no mistaking that she has returned for revenge after being cast out.

The sick person had spoken to Sariel.

「Thank you. Now I can live together with my family again.」

That family, had gathered up kindling for burning her at the stake of their own free will.

No matter how hard Sariel tried by using her power, the tragedies did not end. Instead, the more she used her power, the darker the tragedies would become.

They never end. They never end. Even when they seemed to end, they never end.

Poverty. Discrimination. War. Crime.

There are times when people do something bad. There was also never times when nobody did something bad. There was also times when everyone did something bad.

Equally, those were all tragedies that occurred precisely because they were human.

The existence of wealthy people, means that the poor also exist. People hope for equality, and anyone who deviates from the norm is hated, and discriminated against. Despite all that they aim higher, trying to achieve a superior position to the norm. And then, as a consequence of trying to achieve a superior position, they then compete with rivals.

The tragedy never ends. The reason being, is that humans are living creatures that cause tragedies. Hating tragedies, and while causing tragedies to occur, they still pile up more tragedies. It was as if they were envious of the sick person who was burnt at the stake, and went out of their way to stock up kindling.

They are irrational. While having a mind that hates tragedy, their actions promote tragedy. That contradiction is far too irrational for living creatures. Nevertheless, that’s how humans are. That irrational and imperfect creature, is exactly what humans are. A creature that is rational and perfect, cannot be called human anymore. Even though they cannot, humans still work towards that goal. As long as humans are human, they’ll never be able to reach that goal though. And also, the more people try to aim for that goal, the more new tragedies are created. The reason being, is that to aim for that goal means to aim higher, an action where only the person in question tries to deviate from the norm, betraying those who love equality. And then humans would show no mercy to one who deviated from the norm. It has always been the case that those who are different become discriminated against. For humans to be able to aim higher, the only way is for them to slowly make progress in lock step with their surroundings. Thus, because that means they could only advance about as fast as a walking tortoise, humans don’t make progress. Even as civilization progresses, their insides are never making progress.

Thus while aiming higher, they spend forever going round in circles in the same place. Round and round.

☆

「Potimas Hyphenath is violating the providence of god! He should be purged at once!」

In response to that extreme statement, although the President of Dazdoldia managed to avoid showing it on his face, he felt a headache coming on. Because of this overly long lasting conference, his head really felt heavy. It was due to fatigue, but also due to the agenda.

In response to the extreme statement just now various voices of approval were raised, as well as voices of criticism. Even though it was a spacious conference room, the loud voices of the members talking to each other resounded painfully.

The agenda was regarding the publication of the scientific investigations by the researcher Potimas Hyphenath. Whether to approve of it or to denounce it. This conference had been opened in order for the country to consolidate opinion. However, going by the state of things within the conference room, everyone could see that the agenda had become confused.

Potimas had announced two new discoveries. The first was called MA Energy, the discovery of a strange energy, and the successful practical applications of it. Energy supply was a problem that all advanced countries should be concerned about. Oil and coal were not unlimited of course, and the rate of consumption was rising year by year. Even if it wouldn’t happen soon, eventually they would become noticeably exhausted, so energy development for the next generation was something necessary. Then, a solution suddenly appeared before their very eyes.

Apparently, MA Energy was an energy that would never run out, and could potentially be used anywhere. So long as you have the dedicated facilities for it, an infinite amount of energy could be extracted from anywhere.

In response to such a dream-line slogan, the President had in private immediately discounted it as absurd. Infinite energy doesn’t exist. It’s just a pipe dream. It’s not like a dream, but literally a dream. It might seem to be infinite, but a limit will definitely exist.

Besides, the President read through Potimas’s published essay that was at hand. Written in there was the method to extract MA Energy and the method to convert that into electrical energy, but there was no description of what MA Energy actually was. It was simply described as being an alternative energy that simply sprung forth infinitely. Such a suspicious form of energy cannot be used.

The President had already come up with a response to that privately. However, the reason for the conference being disordered to this extent, was due to the other announcement.

The other discovery that Potimas had announced. That was a method to evolve the human body using MA Energy. By utilising MA Energy, it was said to be possible to make humans evolve.

According to data recorded within the clinical experiment in the essay, the test subject’s physical abilities were remarkably improved, speed of thought showed a slight increase, and most of all, the lifespan was extended by a factor of 3 beyond the theoretical value. If the results alone could be believed, it was tremendous. To prove that, Potimas had made the test subject put on a demonstration, rewriting the sports record books one after the other. That alone was enough to boost the essay’s credibility, but a vast quantity of data was also included in order to substantiate it. The volume of data included to support the lifespan improvement was particularly vast, and though it was extended by approximately 3 times the theoretical value, it was stated by reasoning that taking preserving health into account the actual value was between 2.5 times and 2.75 times the theoretical value.

Normally, such things would be junked as the nonsense of a mad scientist. However, because it was from Potimas Hyphenath, it was a different story. Developing equipment for brain transplants, the production of human clones, the normalisation of cancer cells. These new announcements came from a genius who had already produced such numerous achievements. Moreover, there was the inclusion of the test subject. It would be dangerous to say that it was faked.

More than anything, it was not the sort of thing that people would want to deny. The extension of lifespan. The evolution of humans. There wasn’t anything more wonderful than those.

For this reason, the conference had became disordered. The President had already come to a private conclusion. If MA Energy was disavowed, then the use of that for evolution would also have to be disavowed. However, with the confused atmosphere within the conference room, that was unlikely to be agreed upon.

The conference continued. A choice was to be made for humans, who were not progressing. Would they evolve, or not? If they evolved, would they actually progress?

Translation notes:

“Witch” – in the original, there is no specific reference to this word or the gender of the villager who Sariel healed. However, it’s pretty much impossible to keep this distinction in the English translation so based on the image that “burning at the stake is for witches” and “selling your soul to the devil is what witches do”, I used this word and a female gender even though it’s technically wrong.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-10: Past Arc 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑩

Gyurie placed the piece he held in his hand on the game board without hesitation.

「Ugh.」

In response to Gyurie’s move, the competitor seated opposite gave out a small groan. There was then a brief pause.

「I concede.」

Then, the competitor conceded without moving a piece.

「Good gracious. I had reasonable confidence in my ability, though being so completely overwhelmed is actually refreshing instead.」

Seemingly speaking those words out of true feelings rather than as a way to conceal his frustration, the competitor was smiling in delight despite having lost. Foddway, the competitor, reached his hands out over to board to return the pieces to the starting position.

「You still want to continue?」

In response to Foddway merrily trying to keep the competition going, Gyurie inquired with a slightly fed up tone. Although he had come to meet Sariel, he had been forced to keep playing the board game with the old man in front of him who had come out to meet instead.

「You have plenty of time to spare, so there’s no harm in spending a bit of it with this old man with one foot in the grave.」

Certainly, being a dragon, Gyurie had plenty of time to spare. Even if he kept Foddway company enough to satisfy him, he wouldn’t think of it as a waste of time. Dragons and humans have a fundamentally different sense of time in the first place. The entire lifetime of a human, it just a brief moment for a dragon. While humans see time as something finite, dragons see time as something infinite. Surely as the person himself had said, he could at least stick out with playing as the opponent of an old man with one foot in the grave. But then again, despite him saying that he had one foot in the grave, Gyurie saw Foddway as someone who would stubbornly linger on though.

In resignation, Gyurie decided to continue being Foddway’s opponent. The two of them were competing in a board game with ancient origins. It was similar to what is called chess or shogi on Earth. However, compared to those, it had a much wider variety of pieces and a larger board, making it more complicated. For that reason, it took a long time to play a game. Long enough that it could take five days to complete a professional match.

The battle between them, was now entering the 17th round. Naturally, such a number cannot be completed within a day. Gyurie had spent the last several days requesting a meeting with Sariel, and each time Foddway came to compete with him.

Foddway’s goal was obvious. He was making sure that Gyurie couldn’t meet with Sariel. Anyone would be able to realise that goal given how open he was about it. And Gyurie, despite knowing that, could only go along with the intentions of the old man in front of him. So for now he simply focused on doing what he could. If he couldn’t show his sincerity, then he wouldn’t be able to earn Foddway’s trust.

If he was determined to meet Sariel then he would be able to meet with her. No matter how much Foddway attempted to obstruct him, he had no way to stop a dragon like Gyurie. However, doing that would be wrong. Gyurie had to get the approval of the old man in front of him. Not as a dragon, but from the point of view of a fellow person. If he wasn’t able to persuade this old man on grounds of equal footing, then surely he did not have the right to see the same things that Sariel saw.

「Ugh.」

He was already on the way towards a dominant victory in the game though.

「Not going to take time to think?」

「Taking time to think is heresy. During their lifetime, humans rarely get the time to think. Which is exactly why humans are afraid of making mistakes.」

Now that he said it, he remembered that Foddway had not once taken the time to think over his next move.

「Still, humans do make mistakes. Mistakes will always happen eventually. We pile up such mistakes, establish rules to prevent new mistakes from occurring, reducing further mistakes even if just a bit. Human history is basically the history of our mistakes. And we have reached where we are today by learning our lessons from that history. Even so, our mistakes haven’t stopped though.」

While he kept on speaking continuously, Foddway placed a piece. Immediately Gyurie placed his own piece, and again it was Foddway’s turn. However, after a long pause, his hands stopped for a while.

「Thus I’m not piling up these defeats for no reason. Defeats and mistakes, turn into new lessons each time. To demonstrate that lesson, I’ll make this move!」

Foddway made that mighty declaration, and placed a piece. In response to that, Gyurie swiftly placed his own pieces so as to block Foddway’s move.

「……While that certainly wasn’t a mistake, it wasn’t the best possible strategy either. This was a good example of what you were saying I guess.」

「It’s not what you say, but how you say it you know.」

The 17th round had also gone badly for him, but Foddway was a man who always had a way with words. Anything from trivial idle talk, to deep implications that could disturb Gyurie, he chatted away while in the midst of playing the deep board game.

「Language is called humanity’s greatest invention you know. Human history is basically how we’ve endlessly argued back and forth.」

「Hey, isn’t that strange.」

In this way that it was hard to tell whether he was being serious or joking, he was able to confuse others quite often.

「There’s nothing strange about it at all. Due to the existence of the absolute beings called dragons, we humans have come to not rely upon brute force. While brute force matters in the end, until things reach that stage a battle of wits is what matters. By endlessly arguing about various reasons, it can be possible to deceive your opponent. Since that’s all we’ve ever been doing that’s why I’ve gotten such a sharp tongue you see.」

「Don’t blame your sharp tongue on history. Also, I’d rather you don’t casually blame us dragons either.」

Contrasting Gyurie’s fed up expression, Foddway smiled happily.

「Darn it. I’m amazed at that mouth of yours.」

「I don’t intend to lose in this at least.」

Easily turning aside those sarcastic words, Foddway placed a piece with a proud expression instead. Gyurie soon placed his own piece, and that proud expression retracted.

「I don’t feel like I can lose in this game, but I don’t feel like I can beat you with words either.」

「Of course. The rate at which humans and dragons think at must be different after all. Most likely, no matter how many times I challenge you, it’ll be impossible for me to beat you. It sure is strange though. Although both involve using one’s head, while I don’t have any chance of winning in this game, I don’t feel like I’ll lose in a verbal argument. While dragons are superior in straightforward calculations, maybe humans can win in sneakiness?」

While Foddway glared at the game board, he still seemed somewhat happy.

「There is no doubting how great dragons are. However, just because dragons are so great, it doesn’t necessarily mean that there’s nothing that they are inferior at when compared to other creatures. Dragons don’t have a sneakiness like humans. Because they are strong enough without it. Even without bothering to use cowardly tactics like humans would, and simply by fighting fair and square they can still come off victorious against most opponents. Because of that, they don’t need sneakiness. However, that’s exactly why dragons are careless. They can be tripped up by the cowardly humans who they look down on as inferior. Indeed, just like a certain dragon right before me, who due to my cajolery came of his own free will to struggle against a human on equal footing eh.」

Foddway chatted away looking particularly happy. Despite having won on the board, Gyurie felt a sense of defeat due to Foddway’s words. As if he was completely dancing to the tune of the old man in front of him, who was worthless and frail from a dragon’s point of view. And that was entirely correct, when considered objectively. Although he was a dragon, he was easily being manipulated by the inferior creature known as a human.

「Humans are cowards. And are more foolish than dragons can imagine. Despite the history of mistakes that we have piled up, we still make mistakes despite learning from our history. We make mistakes, yet more mistakes, and still more mistakes. Not only that, but every time we make a mistake at being nasty we become more devious, so the next time we make a mistake the damage becomes even larger. Even though we should be learning our lessons in order to reduce the damage. It sure is strange.」

Despite being twisted around in the palm of Foddway’s hand, even so Gyurie still thought that he should face him from a human point of view, because it was a type of test. A trial of passage, in order to meet Sariel.

「While being a dragon, you’ve studied the human point of view. It will probably be hard to say that you truly understand humans even so. As I said just now, the creatures known as humans are far more foolish than dragons imagine. Sariel-sama has been facing that foolishness all this time.」

Foddway moved a piece. When Gyurie saw that Foddway didn’t seem about to take his hand from the piece, he moved his own piece.

「I concede.」

Foddway accepted his own defeat with a sunny expression.

「Gods and people. If you can have both perspectives, you might be able to bring change to Sariel-sama. It’s already too late for a simple human to do that. But saying that, a simple god doesn’t work either. What’s needed is an existence that is a god yet understands people.」

That was, the greatest advice that the defeated was able to offer the victor. And a request.

「Please, look after Sariel-sama.」

Gyurie did not respond in either affirmation or negation to the old man’s sincere request.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-11: Past Arc 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑪

Foddway’s life was one of kicking down others. The weak were there for exploitation, the strong were there to be deposed. That’s how he had lived. Without resorting to crime and fraud of course, he made his wealth without any legal issues. That wealth was sucked from the weak, and swiped from the strong. He then moved on to making another pile of wealth. Foddway himself had no particular desire for money. That’s simply how he was since birth, that making money was his job, and was his life. Like he was simply a cog on the wheel of the economy. The human called Foddway, was a device for spreading money around.

Compared to Foddway, Sariel was considered to be the exact opposite. Bringing salvation to the weak, and also lending a hand to those who were once strong and now cast down. With Foddway finding no appeal in leading a life where he simply piled up more wealth day after day, he grew interested in someone who was completely the opposite to himself. He wondered just what kind of saint she might be. Foddway donated part of his excessive wealth to the Sariera Society. He succeeded in using that connection to gain an audience with Sariel.

The person who he met there, was more of a device than himself.

Without emotion, she simply and dispassionately accomplished the mission given to her. She was not anything like the sort of saint that he had imagined. The impression that Foddway had of Sariel, was that she was a machine. Lacking a purpose of her own, a machine that simply executed the programme that had been inputted into her previously. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that she was a machine that was functioning normally despite bugs occurring?

What Foddway felt for Sariel on seeing her, was pity. What he felt on seeing her dispassionately carry out her mission without understanding the ideals behind her own actions, was an indescribable pity. However, despite that, it didn’t mean that there was anything he could do. Whether or not Foddway felt pity, Sariel would continue to be an unchanging cog in the wheel of the world. Being someone who was nothing but another cog himself, Foddway couldn’t do anything. Even so, he wanted to do something somehow.

For that man who had continued to be a cog until now, it was the moment when he decided for the first time ever that he would willing go against the world.

From that day, Foddway began to follow Sariel. Although society found it amusing how such a heinous money-grabber had been purified by the power of the Goddess, he wasn’t a man who cared about such things. Serving by Sariel’s side as much as possible, he tried to learn what he could about her. To understand her, and to search for a means to liberate her.

However, it wasn’t enough. Foddway didn’t have enough at all. To understand her awareness, her emotions, her knowledge, her commonalities, what he needed the most was time. As a human, Foddway was completely lacking in time to understand a god.

By himself, he would not be able to understand enough about Sariel to liberate her.

Having realised that, Foddway made plans to allow someone to take over after him. Someone who could understand a god, and could stay beside Sariel for a long time. Such a person was needed.

Then before Foddway’s own eyes appeared a dragon who laid his anger bare. It had to be him – that was Foddway’s instinct. A god who could easily express emotions, such as anger. The meaning of having emotions, is that his thoughts would be similar to humans. Yet he was a god. There wasn’t anyone else who met the requirements so closely.

Then Foddway deliberately showered that dragon Gyurie with caustic remarks, to test him. To determine whether this man was someone worthy of entrusting Sariel to. For a human to test a god, is an extremely brazen act. He wouldn’t be able to complain if he was killed as a price for that. It would simply mean that his own perception was wrong. That’s all. Thus, he prepared himself for the worst. The end result, was that Gyurie compromised with Foddway more than he could have imagined.

Foddway now had hope. That one day Gyurie would be able to liberate Sariel from the chain that was her mission. It would surely not be straightforward, but it would be enough for Sariel’s heart to be gently released over the months and years. Foddway believed that Sariel had already more than fulfilled her mission as a cog after all.

If one perused history, a person similar to Sariel could be seen appearing and disappearing. The results of which were almost always disastrous. Try all she might to do good, but the results turned out for the worst. It was like she was being dragged into a bottomless pool of malice. Fodday felt that was due to the very ugliness of humanity.

Even still, in the name of Sariel’s mission, she continued to provide her services to the world without stop. All while she was covered in emotional scars. Without even noticing that she was scarred. Seeing her continue to simply fulfill her mission, was just too pitiful.

It should be fine for her to rest already. He thought that, but Foddway had no means of stopping Sariel. Whether by his words or by his actions, Foddway was unable to touch Sariel’s heart. Foddway did not have enough time in order to reach Sariel’s heart.

Faintly existing within Sariel was something that could be called her heart. She was not a perfect machine without any heart at all. That was why she was scarred. That was why she could be saved. However, seen from a human perspective, her heart was awfully small. Any flickers of emotion were microscopic, almost as if they didn’t exist. Foddway wasn’t able to appeal to those flickers of emotion. He wasn’t able to bring out any waverings in her emotions that would just let her abandon her mission. Because of that, he was entrusting her to another.

He didn’t particularly need to make her abandon her mission. However, he didn’t want Sariel to be scarred any further. Sariel had few waverings in her emotions, but even so she had accumulated many scars over the years. So long as those scars could be healed, then anything was fine.

「I shall leave the rest to you youngsters. Though saying that, I’m by far the youngest actually.」

Foddway had brought Gyurie to Sariel’s side. He had the feeling of being the member of a matchmaking service. He prayed to the gods that he didn’t believe in, that the two of them would find happiness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-12: Past Arc 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑫

「Our country hereby declares that we shall withdraw from the International Energy Organisation.」

At this international summit that a large number of countries were participating in, such declarations had already been issued too many times to count. The International Energy Organisation is an international organisation that deals with various energy resources such as oil and coal, and until now had centered around the countries that produced those resources. Its role was to facilitate the undisturbed exchange of energy resources, establishing rules by which negotiations between producer countries and consumer countries could be smoothed.

However, since the start of the summit there had been a proliferation of countries withdrawing from the International Energy Organisation. That was despite the fact that by withdrawing from the International Energy Organisation, that was in effect a declaration that they didn’t need resources such as oil and coal.

Since the announcement of Potimas Hyphenath’s MA Energy theory, the number of countries making this declaration had multiplied. Most of them were small and medium sized countries, those countries being under the burden of particularly strong energy measures, but amongst them were also large countries that weren’t suffering from poverty. The countries that had issued the declaration had all similarly solved their energy problems by using MA Energy, meaning that they no longer needed resources such as oil and coal.

At first there had been many voices that had doubted the very existence of MA Energy, but by now it was confirmed that simply by following the method outlined in the thesis, it really was possible to produce energy from nowhere. Also, that was with no side-effects on the environment. Unlike existing methods, there was no pollution of the atmosphere from burning oil or coal, nor was there any radioactively, and large-scale power generation facilities were unnecessarily as well. So long as you have the equipment it was highly practical for anybody to be able to produce energy. In addition, small scale versions of the equipment was small enough that it could even be carried. Even large scale versions were able to be transported on large trucks. Every household could have one.

The equipment was so simple, that it was easy to obtain energy that had until now required considerable amounts of money. Developing countries scrambled to make use of it.

The President of the country of Dazdoldia frowned while looking at the representative of the country who had made that declaration. He had predicted that such things would occur. However, even so he stubbornly refused to allow MA Energy to be used within his own country. Because of that his approval ratings had fallen sharply, but he had no intention of changing his opinion.

The dream-like energy that could be produced from nothing. Such a thing cannot exist. Since that energy actually exists, then it must have been taken from somewhere else. That “somewhere else” is a problem, and whether that energy really is harmless is another problem. After all, it was an unknown energy. Who knows what kind of effects it could have on the human body. It was also unclear if the method for the evolution of the human body that was announced at the same time was truly safe. The President believed that he had the duty to validate such things. So long as those things could not be validated, he had no intention of lifting the ban within his country, no matter how convenient they were for people to use.

However, that only applied to his own country of course. He wasn’t able to stop foreign countries from endorsing the new methods. While he could exert influence on them, ultimately it was up to the politicians of the foreign nations to decide. The President had repeatedly warned about the possible dangers, but as to whether or not his warnings were heeded to was revealed by the current situation. Even if something might be dangerous, people don’t feel a sense of danger unless they encounter that danger themselves. Rather than being scared of a danger that can’t be seen, they would make use of the convenience right before them. All the more so because that convenience was significant enough to completely change the entire world.

Of course, not all countries jumped at the chance. Countries that produced oil and coal lost their greatest source of foreign currency, and vigorously appealed against the use of MA Energy. There was also quite a lot of advanced countries who kept calm and took a wait-and-see approach.

Nevertheless, the global trend was heading in one direction. That was because the risks of MA Energy were unproven. No matter how much was used it never ran out, and it also came from nothing. And yet, no flaws had been detected for the time being. It truly was a dream-like energy. The countries who first made use of MA Energy developed rapidly. There weren’t many countries who could endure observing such developments without doing anything.

And thus the trend in public opinion was in favour of MA Energy. There was also a method to evolve the human body with MA Energy. All human abilities could be improved, and above all, there were many people who desired to lengthen their lifespan. However, the medical procedure to achieve that, required the use of MA Energy. Unless the country approved the use of MA Energy, that medical procedure wasn’t available. That being the case, it was inevitable that many members of the public desired for the bans to be lifted. This trend was particularly obvious within advanced countries.

Developing countries pinned their hopes on using MA Energy for development, and advanced countries were captivated by the potential evolution of the human body. There was no longer any method to stop this trend. Even the President did not think that he would be able to stop the usage within the country of Dazdoldia forever. Although he had some time yet before his term in office ran out, even that wasn’t certain. It was possible that could be dismissed from office.

The President gave a sigh of grief. Did they actually understand? These two theses were published by Potimas Hyphenath. By that criminal who was wanted internationally for the repeated use of cruel experiments on living people.

Then there was the other reason. One that gave the President particular cause for concern. That was, the opposition to MA Energy from two particular powers.

The first was from the dragons. Unless there was human interference, it was rare for the dragons themselves to make contact and proactively make a declaration. They said, don’t get involved with MA Energy. Those dragons did! At that moment, the President could only have a bad premonition.

The second was from the Sariera Society. The president, Sariel, issued an opinion in opposition to MA Energy.

This was a warning from all the living creatures who were within the bounds of common sense of humans. The President considered that ignoring that would unwise. However, not even that stopped the global trend. It couldn’t be stopped.

Later on, the President would come to deeply regret that he hadn’t resorted to the extreme choice of using military force to stop it. However, time could not be rolled back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter dsn2: Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 2

D「Greetings. We are back with everyone’s favourite segment.」

M「I’ll do everything to pretend the previous disgrace never happened.」

D「E-v-e-r-y-o-n-e-’s f-a-v-o-u-r-i-t-e!」

M「There’s no need to be so desperate… Well, let’s get on with it already.」

D「E-v-e-r-y-o… [That’s enough, okay?」」

D「Ahem. Starting from the beginning then, it is time for the second “oshiete D-sensei”. On this occasion we shall discuss the gods.」

M「Ahh, that’s torn it I guess.」

D「At the time of the Past Arc, it was impossible to give an explanation about the gods. There was no other way, so there was no option except for D-sensei to make an appearance. Thus, this segment was revived.」

M「How meta.」

D「That being said, the explanation will not be especially detailed. The subject of the gods becomes a huge topic once you start to discuss it, so I shall only explain the parts relevant to the Past Arc.」

M「Specifically, that would be regarding the dragons and angels, right?」

D「Correct. As was touched upon in Past Arc ③, the dragons are a bunch of damn fools who believe in the supremacy of dragons.」

M「Do not use such bad language! You’re not wrong though.」

D「Indeed, seriously, they really are a bunch of good for nothings. They are egotistical and haughty creatures who cannot accept not being the best. Nonetheless, since they are strong at least they are troublesome in the extreme.」

M「Since the one in charge of the exposition is doing nothing but complaining I shall give a detailed explanation. Dragons are born with the expectation of being able to reach the realm of gods sooner or later, so they could be called the elite from the moment they’re born. The origins of them are also ancient, as they are said to be the second oldest gods, following the oldest gods known as the titans. They have both history, and power. As a result, they flaunt their successes and don’t hesitate to declare that the dragon race are at the very peak, and in fact they rule over many planets.」

D「In short, they are cocky.」

M「Well, you’re not wrong. However, they do in fact have enough power to justify that. Being gods they carry an enormous amount of energy within themselves for a start, and their bodies are far sturdier than any human’s. In addition they have high intelligence.」

D「Due to their personalities that high intelligence is not readily apparent though. Being narrow-minded is not good. Gyurie-kun would surely also blush at how he acted in the past.」

M「Just how much do you hate dragons? Sheesh. Let’s continue the discussion. The greatest trait that dragons have is their boundary field ability. Being able to completely invalidate the workings of magecraft, is the boundary field trait that dragons possess. In modern times the dragons and drakes that appear have the magic obstruction skill which is a deteriorated version of the ability that real dragons have.」

D「The dragons and drakes that exist within the System are imitations of real dragons after all. The only true dragon left on that planet is Gyurie-kun.」

M「There’s no comparison between the boundary field of real dragons and the imitations. In particular, the individual recognised as the strongest dragon is even called the “The Unbreakable God”, boasting a defence that invalidates almost all attacks. Such a cheat eh.」

D「……Like you are one to talk?」

M「Oh my, what might you be referring to?」

D「Nope, nothing.」

M「Well, this is how the dragon species already boasts of possessing perfect strength. A species with such strength would intend to rule over worlds.」

D「STO-O-P! I shall explain from now on. Or rather, if I let you keep on with the explanations in my segment, it will totally become “oshiete Meido-sensei”. I shall definitely block any further explanations.」

M「Erm, well, okay. Go ahead.」

D「As a species the dragons certainly have great power, but the reason why they do not currently rule over worlds is due opposing forces, as I am sure you are already aware. One of them is the angels.」

M「There are forces other than angels, but those will be left out.」

D「There are a lot of them after all. If we started talking about them all it would never end. Anyway, with regards to the angel race, they are a bunch with a lot of mysteries about them. In the first place, it is said that they suddenly appeared after all. This was during the ancient times when the dragons had gotten full of themselves, and it is said that suddenly one day appeared beings who began to kill the gods. I had not yet been born then so I can only go by the rumours though.」

M「Those times were very chaotic, apparently. At any rate, during the period when there was the two great powers of the dragons and the titans, there was the sudden appearance of a third power.」

D「Moreover, when it came to gods they attacked indiscriminately. Naturally, it was chaotic. There are various opinions with regards to the true nature of angels, but the most prominent one is the theory that perhaps they are a defence mechanism belonging to the various worlds. According to this theory, the angels might be a race that was born from worlds that felt a sense of impending crisis due to the gods going rampaging around like drunkards.」

M「They not only suddenly appeared without any warning, they also only attacked gods after all. And, the aspect that supports this theory more than anything is that the angels evolve by killing gods.」

D「Indeed. All members of the angel race are capable of evolving by killing gods. If they defeat a strong god they get that much stronger, and if they defeat a smart god they get that much smarter, even adopting the appearance. The reason why many have a humanoid appearance is because they killed the god said to be the originator of the human race. Incidentally, this law also applies to the worlds as well. If a prominent god dies then the living beings on that world also evolve to become closer to that god. The reason why it is believed that the angels might have a strong connection to the worlds is because of the existence of this law. Then again, there is an enormous gulf between the rate of evolution of normal living creatures and angels though. An angel will radically evolve on killing a god after all.」

M「Ironically, as a result of evolving too much and gaining a sense of self, a certain fallen angel appeared who began doing whatever he felt like.」

D「Indeed. By nature angels are all similar to Sariel who just made her appearance within the story, lacking in human kindness and being like machines. Despite her being known as the Goddess with her head full of flowers, I am sure it was unexpected for Sariel to be that type of character.」

M「Surely.」

D「In practice she is a woman who will absolutely accomplish her mission. Moveover, the worst part about her is that she is a stray angel.」

M「Regarding her being a “stray angel”, for some reason she has strayed from the main force of angels, yet is still faithfully continuing to accomplish her given mission. In this sense her being a stray angel is like a “bug”, and with her being the type to blindly devote herself to her mission without any flexibility she’s causing many troubles. Seriously, why did this individual called Sariel become a stray angel?」

D「Regarding that, while I am not certain whether it is related or not, but long ago there was a nuisance of a god rampaging around that area apparently.」

M「Then isn’t it due to that god? The angel Sariel is a powerful enough individual to meddle with dragons without hesitation it seems. Surely she wouldn’t become a stray angel without something unprecedented occurring.」

D「Indeed, something must have occurred. As unprecedented as the god rampaging around in those days killing random gods to improve her skill. Indeed.」

M「……」

D「Of course, it is unknown if it was related. Indeed, completely unknown.」

M「U, undoubtedly it was unrelated. Surely it was. Let’s say it was okay.」

D「And we shall leave it at that.」

D「Well, let’s summarise things for a moment. The planet on which the main story is set was once the domain of angels. However, some sort, indeed, some sort of trouble occurred, and the angels apart from Sariel vanished, leaving Sariel alone to carry out her mission, and properly continued to protect the primitive creatures.」

M「Hey, please don’t emphasise the “some sort” part!」

D「Then the dragons secretly settled. Despite being scared of Sariel they waited for their chance to rule the planet. Sariel was indifferent to anything except her mission to protect the primitive creatures after all. So long as the primitive creatures were left alone they could stay there.」

M「It’s really touching to hear the effort they put in. I have nothing to say about how they arrived with the desire to rule the place though.」

D「They are dragons after all so it cannot be helped.」

M「That’s dragons for you.」

D「But, what we have been talking about is what happened prior to the Past Arc. From here on will be Po-no-ji’s secret manoeuvrings, Po-no-ji getting up to bad stuff, Po-no-ji being reckless and all sorts of other bad things.」

M「Isn’t it generally Po-no-ji’s fault?」

D「That is terribly correct. Then at the end of the world I shall make my descent! My glorious offer to save the world shall appear later in the Past Arc.」

M「What a terrible spoiler. Ah, no. You saving the world is a pack of lies.」

D「Evil Gods don’t lie.」

M「Liar!」

D「We shall end this second installment of “oshiete D-sensei” here. Well then, until next time. Good bye!」

M「Good bye.」

Gyurigyuri: In the past, I was a rascal to the extent that I would actually say “You damn inferior creatures!”

Meido-san: In the past, I was a rascal to the extent of killing random gods to improve my skill.

D: Past and present a rascal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-13: Past Arc 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑬

The incident that was the trigger for Potimas Hyphenath becoming an internationally wanted criminal, was something that could have easily become a horrible tragedy. The incident itself was significant enough that it became a hot topic in the news throughout the world at the time. The world learned just how dreadful Potimas Hyphenath was. However, the information that was relayed in the news was only the tip of the iceberg. For those who knew the truth, they were in fact relieved that it was contained with only that amount of damage and were glad that it wasn’t more. That’s just how over-abundantly evil Potimas was. No matter how cunning and careful Potimas was, “they” became just too much for him to be able to conceal and burst out into the open. That was the truth behind that incident. The incident where the number of victims totalled 376 people.

「Human trafficking huh. How flagrantly anachronistic.」

On looking at the documents he was handed, Foddway sighed. Human trafficking, in other words the slave trade, was something that still couldn’t be eradicated completely despite being a relic of the past. The Sariera Society also put effort into exposing organisations that smuggled slaves. The objective was rescuing the people who had been illegally sold as slaves.

However, Foddway himself had no intention of condemning human trafficking in general as being inherently evil. That was because there were times when human trafficking was necessary for stimulating the economy. Poverty stricken parents who sell their children would also be able to recover their livelihoods, and it was not necessarily always the case that the children would suffer. In a somewhat overstated interpretation, human trafficking could be seen as a service dealing in manual labour. If both those being sold and those doing the selling are happy, then it makes for a practical business. That being said, such decent slave traders wouldn’t be called slave traders in the first place. Under a different name, it was something occurring throughout the world.

The human trafficking that Foddway considered to be evil was the type that was brought to mind by the general public on hearing the term, in other worlds, the criminal type. Selling off abducted children. Using sold people to commit crimes. The type that should be exposed and judged. In the documents that Foddway was staring at, were recordings of black-market dealings so despicable that there was no room for defence.

「Well then? The originators and the dealers have been secured, right?」

「Indeed. They have been crushed with the cooperation of the police forces in the region.」

The one who answered Foddway’s question, was a man wearing a suit, but such a thing felt unsuitable for such a brawny person. He was a director of a security company that Foddway ran personally. Or rather, that was just a fancy way of saying that he was the captain of a unit specialised in actual combat. As Foddway was a bigwig in the financial world, there was times when it was necessary to do shady things. Things that couldn’t be revealed, such as resorting to violence. That was also the case on this occasion, where an illegal human trafficking organization was exposed, but not in an admirable way, but instead with the bloody methods of suppression by brute force. The proper way was to gather evidence, and judge them according to the law, but Foddway knew that they would have gotten away in such circumstances. Thus the strong measures. Which were illegal of course.

「It seems that you had a hard time.」

Foddway murmured that while looking at the captain’s neck. A bandage was wrapped around it. Foddway had strong confidence in the captain’s skills. On account of him making a living in a shady business, Foddway had as much trust in him as his normal personal bodyguards, or even more. That’s precisely why he was able to report directly to Foddway like this. For something to have injured this captain, Foddway interpreted it as meaning that there was considerable resistance.

「Oh, not really. There were no problems with actually suppressing them. I got this wound in a bit of trouble afterwards.」

However, the captain casually denied Foddway’s words.

「This is a bite mark from one of the people we rescued. Perhaps due to being drugged, they were in a state of confusion. It was really pitiful.」

Against the assailant who had injured him, the captain was sympathetic. Surely due to how pitifully the person had been treated.

「It was that bad?」

「Indeed. It is likely that they were being administered illegal drugs. From what I could see, it seems that they had completely lost their sanity. Every last one of them.」

「My goodness.」

The state of affairs at the scene must have been gruesome indeed, for this captain who worked in a shady business to show disgust. That shows just how badly victims of human trafficking can be treated.

「You’re looking pale. Are you okay?」

「Excuse me. I am just feeling a bit unwell. I can continue with my report.」

The captain was looking ill. Foddway interpreted that as him feeling unwell due to having recalled some unpleasant memories. However, while the captain continued his report, his complexion became visibly worse. Having reached this stage, Foddway realised that the captain had genuinely fallen ill.

「You look terrible. Let’s continue the report another day. Sit down for a while.」

「I’m… so…rry…」

Unable to even articulate properly, the captain sunk his large body into a sofa that furnished the room. Seeing him like that, Foddway made a telephone call to arrange for a doctor.

That was what saved Foddway from death.

There was a piercing scream. The scene witnessed by the people who had come running, was that of the collapsed Foddway, and the captain who had bitten him in the neck.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-14: Past Arc 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑭

When Foddway opened his eyes, he was looking up at a ceiling he didn’t recognise. The darkened lighting equipment in the ceiling was not one that he was familiar with. Although he felt languid and had a craving in his throat, the more time passed the more he regained his sense of awareness. Together with that, he began to remember as well. The suffering captain, who was unwell. That captain, who had suddenly attacked him. After being struck with intense pain, his memories were cut off there.

Foddway wasn’t able to understand just what the heck had happened. The captain was someone who even Foddway trusted. For such a man to betray Foddway in such a sloppy fashion, was rather unbelievable.

Somehow, Foddway was able to calm down his still chaotic thoughts, but after understanding what had happened to him he became shaken once again. His body was lying down on a bed. That much was fine. However, Foddway’s body was strapped down by thick belts. A lot of them as well.

「What the hell?」

Foddway was so surprised that he couldn’t help speaking out unconsciously. Foddway was generally acknowledged to be a bigwig in the financial world. A key figure in other words, and the sort of person where it would be absolutely inconceivable for them to be restrained like this. Just what kind of situation would it have to be for someone like him to be restrained in such a manner? The first word that came to Foddway’s mind was “kidnapping”.

However, as soon as that word came to Foddway, he dismissed it. Even if the Captain had betrayed Foddway and kidnapped him, the situation was still too weird. Turning his head around, the only part of Foddway that could move freely, he checked his environment. What he saw, was medical equipment stationed around his bed. From them was an intravenous drip tube connected to Foddway’s arm. Seeing that, he guessed that it was a hospital or similar. That would be too weird for a kidnapping.

However, even on realising that, the existence of the restraints didn’t disappear. He would have to ask someone about that at least. Having decided that, Foddway yelled towards a door.

「Hey! Is anyone there!?」

Upon yelling he became more aware of the craving in his throat. After having reached a ripe old age, Foddway never felt such cravings in his throat anymore. Feeling such an intense craving in his throat after all this time, he fell into having a coughing fit. Perhaps on hearing the yell, the sound of some hurried footsteps came closer, and the door was vigorously opened. Dazzled by the light shining in from the corridor, Foddway squinted his eyes. At the same time, despite the room having been pitch dark, he only just realised that he had been able to see awfully clearly. Considering the craving in his throat, and considering his eyes being exceedingly used to the dark, Foddway guessed that he must have been unconscious for a considerable amount of time.

「Are you, awake?」

Then, on turning his attention to the person standing in the corridor, he was bewildered to see a different sort of person to his expectations. Foddway had expected doctors or nurses to rush in, but this person was dressed as a police officer.

「A police officer?」

The question flew out from his mouth. On hearing his voice the police officer was shocked. On seeing that over-reaction, Foddway’s irritation welled up. Finding himself restrained on waking up, he wanted to voice his complaints at the unreasonable treatment, so his manner of speaking became forceful.

「Just what is the meaning of this? Surely you are aware just who you are treating like this?」

In response to Foddway’s words, the police officer flinched noticeably. Presuming that this person was aware of just who he was, Foddway made a natural demand.

「Hurry up and release me.」

However, in response to his request to undo the restraints, the police officer did not comply.

「I, I’ll call someone!」

Shouting that, the police officer ran off before Foddway could respond.

「How many fingers can you see?」

Just how much time had passed since the police officer had ran off? Foddway didn’t have an accurate grasp of the time since there was no clock in the room, but with his body still being restrained, it was undeniable that he had had to wait a painful amount of time without being able to do anything. That’s just how much time passed. Then, when someone finally appeared, it wasn’t that police officer, but instead seven people crowding the room. One of them, who appeared to be a doctor, was giving Foddway a medical examination. While he was still restrained.

「Three.」

Despite being rather fed up, he responded to the fingers the doctor was holding up. At first, Foddway had demanded to be released from the restraints and be given an explanation of the situation, but the only answer he got was a somewhat vague “depending upon a safety evaluation the restraints can be released”. Foddway resented being treated as if he was some kind of dangerous person. However, the people surrounding Foddway had serious expressions including the doctor, bringing about a solemn atmosphere. Deciding that it would be wise to comply for now, Foddway swallowed his complaints, and obediently took the doctor’s examination.

「Excuse me. Then, could you open your mouth please?」

「Sure.」

Foddway opened his mouth as asked. The doctor came closer to peer into Foddway’s mouth, but he had a strange sense that something was off. Normally, when a doctor would look into someone’s mouth, it would be to judge the state of the throat, right? However, what the doctor was looking at currently was something much closer, as if examining the teeth. On top of that, it wasn’t just the doctor who peered into his mouth. The other six also stared at Foddway’s mouth.

「Surely that’s enough?」

Feeling uneasy, Foddway closed his mouth.

「Ah, sure.」

The doctor responded evasively.

「So? Do you understand anything?」

Foddway asked that without concealing his frustration. The medical examination was simple enough. Rather than confirming his health, it seemed more like that they were checking his state of awareness. Although having only recently woken up, from the point of view of Foddway who was fully awake, it felt like their tests were making light of him.

「Mr Foddway, your reasoning ability is normal.」

「That much should be obvious.」

Foddway impatiently spat that out in annoyance.

「It is not obvious.」

However, a dissenting voice was heard in response to Foddway’s remark. Amongst the people who had gathered along with the doctor, it was from a man who appeared to have the highest standing amongst them.

「You are the solitary example of someone regaining their awareness, or rather, their normal awareness. Amongst those infected by a vampire, you are the only one to stay sane.」

The man declared that gravely.

「Huh?」

Foddway couldn’t help making an atypically stupid sounding response.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-15: Past Arc 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑮

The illegal research institute that had bought the slaves, was one that belonged to Potimas. And the fate that had awaited the purchased slaves, was to be used in human experiments. When the institute was exposed, the former slaves who were taken into care, were the victims of human experiments. Of vampire experiments.

Vampires. They were considered to be fictional creatures spoken of in fairy-tales, but they actually existed. What vampires were in practice, were rogue forms of normal creatures due to a special form of magecraft. Then, the creatures who became vampires, fed on the blood of other creatures, and the creatures who had their blood sucked became vampires themselves. They were strange creatures with an ecology not seen anywhere else, who altered their own species for food. The reason why such creatures were considered to be a fictional existence, is solely because the dragons hated vampires, and took action to exterminate them. Sariel as well considered vampires to be a non-native species, even if their original forms were that of native species, so she kept a close eye on the dragons’ actions to exterminate them. Then, with nothing except vague legends remaining, that led to vampires being thought of as fictional creatures.

They were then revived by Potimas who had studied their legends. Vampires have all sorts of characteristics, but what got Potimas’s attention was them having eternal youth. He considered the possibility of becoming a vampire himself, allowing him to gain the eternal youth part of immortality. However, he was not a daring enough person that he would suddenly apply such a procedure to himself. Using slaves, he made repeated experiments, attempting to verify the safety of the procedure. In the end, Potimas did not apply vampire transformation to himself. It was just too dangerous.

The slaves who went through the vampire transformation completely lost their own will, changing into monsters that simply existed to attack whatever creatures they saw and slurp their blood. And with the added bonus that the creatures that were attacked also become vampires themselves. That was a far cry from the immortality that Potimas was seeking. Then, at a time during which Potimas was continuing the experiments to try to find a way that would allow the will to remain, the institute was exposed. He noticed that he was about to be exposed just in time, and fled. Following that, the slaves who had been used for experiments and the experimental documents were recovered. While taking the victims into care, several people got bitten.

Then, the people who had been bitten by the vampire slaves transformed into vampires themselves after a period of time. Having lost their own will, they attacked whatever creatures they saw. The new victims had their blood sucked, become vampires themselves, creating yet another wave of attackers. The vampires increased in numbers exponentially. It was a major incident that could easily have plunged the world into chaos.

However, it was stopped at the verge of that. Which was due to Foddway’s collapse. To be more precise, it was due to the two people who realised the situation from Foddway’s collapse – Sariel and Gyurie.

Noticing that Foddway had collapsed, the two of them had already planned to visit him. There, they sensed that Foddway had been transformed into a vampire. From there they took rapid action. Starting from the vampire who had bitten Foddway, they traced back to the captain, and from him back to the ex-slaves who had bitten him, and with the cooperation of the police the vampires were swiftly quarantined. The damage was already great, but the quick initial response was successful, enough to say that the number of victims was kept to the lowest amount possible. Unfortunately, there wasn’t a means to save the people who had become vampires. Almost all of them resisted capture, and were either shot to death, or died from exposure to sunlight. The few surviving vampires, had also become like beasts after losing their own will, and were quarantined.

「So that’s why I’m still being quarantined huh.」

Consequently, due to the danger, as the only one to have successfully kept his own will, Foddway was still being quarantined. Who knew when he could lose himself. In addition, while he had kept his own will it was still the case that he was a vampire. His long canine teeth were so sharp they didn’t look like they belonged to a human. If he bit anyone with those teeth and slurped their blood, that person would become a vampire. Instead of considering Foddway’s rights as an individual, it was necessary to quarantine him as a dangerous creature.

「We shall endeavour to prevent you feeling inconvenienced. However, we cannot grant you permission to freely walk outside.」

「That’s basically the definition of inconvenience though.」

Foddway responded with sarcasm to the man who had come to explain things to him. However, his tone was somehow frail. Foddway himself had yet to come to grips with the misfortune that had struck his own body. Even though it was a miracle that he had kept his own will, there was nothing to be happy about. Due to his insatiable cravings no matter how much water he drank, the despair he felt on swallowing some blood from a blood transfusion pack was something he couldn’t describe. While it was at least better than being treated like a laboratory animal, to Foddway this incident was like a bolt from the blue, and it was a great shock that what had happened to him in the incident was, in a sense, worse than death. Since he was originally an old man, his life was simply one of dealing with the little time he had remaining. While death was something to be afraid of, it was something he had accepted. However, now he had suddenly become an unaging vampire, and was also having to live the rest of his life quarantined from others. Having fallen off the normal path of life, Foddway couldn’t help feeling uneasy about his situation.

Thus, Foddway vanished from his position of being a bigwig in the financial world. Furthermore, his activities with the Sariera Society became quite limited. However, that might have been better for him instead. The Sariera Society would afterwards become heavily involved in a certain activity. Namely, taking into care and treating the victims of Potimas’s human experiments. Potimas hadn’t only been experimenting with vampires. There were many other forms of human experiments being carried out, and the total number of victims was immense. Due to the vampire incident coming to light, the rest were confirmed one after another. Potimas became an internationally wanted criminal from this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-16: Past Arc 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑯

For as long as the girl could remember, she had spent the whole time in the same room. A person seeing that room would probably think that it was a hospital room or a laboratory, or perhaps even both. In truth, that room was a hospital room while also being a laboratory. It was a room used as a laboratory to treat the girl who was an experimental subject, while also being a hospital room to nurse the girl as a patient. Managed as an experimental subject, and nursed because it would be bothersome if she died. Being treated that way, and having nothing done to her apart from that, was both normal for the girl and also the entirety of her existence.

She spent all of her days simply lying on the bed. Days of being experimented on, and being treated. Perhaps one small mercy was that the greatest mind in the world was raising her, and he had appropriate treatment applied to her. In addition, possibly out of consideration for her healthy development for use in experiments, he had prepared proper educational tools for her to look at and so on in order to foster her mental development. The room was equipped with a TV, prepared so that she could undertake remote learning. The girl who had lived her entire life without taking a step out of that room, was at least able to receive proper education for her age.

However, while that might be true, given her distorted environment, it’s a different matter as to whether her personality had developed properly. The girl generally lacked what were called emotions. Feeling nothing day in day out, simply passing the time in idleness. Simply being alive and nothing more. Thus, the girl was alive simply so that she could die someday. Although she was alive, being dead wouldn’t be any different.

And her death was only a matter of time. Her body was not normal. She was born from an artificially produced sperm and egg. She was created as a chimera, using human genes with genes from other lifeforms inserted. That was her true form and that body that was contrary to god’s providence suffered from defects, as if receiving divine punishment. The girl’s body possessed the ability to create poison, a characteristic trait of the creature whose genes were included – that creature being a spider. However, as she had an ability that humans did not have originally, naturally her body had no tolerance to poison. Her own body that was creating the poison was also being ruined because of it.

But that was not the only problem. The poison that the girl’s body was creating consumed an enormous amount of energy in the process, as it was not something that a human body could do originally. Not only that, but additional energy was required in order to resist the poison afflicting her body. Furthermore, her internal organs were weakened by the poison, and her ability to digest and absorb energy were also weakened. Hence, her body required several times more energy than that of a healthy adult. Despite consuming so much, the girl had a slim body. Despite all she consumed, that didn’t become nourishment for the girl’s body, but rather it became poison that continued to ruin her body instead. However, she wouldn’t be able to live at all without consuming so much. She was ruined from the moment she was born. It was a hard fact that she could die at any time.

Her daily existence was spent on a bed, unable to move about. That was the entirety of her world. An existence that was simply living until death arrived. An experimental subject that would merely leave behind some meagre results for her biological parent, Potimas. Until her life ended, her fate was to be one of never knowing any existence other than Potimas.

That destiny was overturned when Potimas joined the internationally wanted list.

For Potimas, joining the wanted list itself was a completely unforeseen event. However, he had been worried that maybe someday something like that could occur. Potimas was aware just how the world in general would respond to the research that he was conducting after all. He was aware, yet never once considered stopping. In addition, he was also vaguely aware that as he continued his research without stopping, that it had already gone beyond the point where it was possible to sweep it under the carpet. While Potimas was aware that he was superior to others, he was also aware that it wasn’t absolute. If it had been absolute, he would have achieved his objective long ago. Since he hadn’t done so, he knew that there were things he couldn’t do despite his superiority. Precisely because he was aware of that, he knew that it was impossible for everything to proceed according to plan. For that very reason, while it was unexpected, he didn’t become flustered due to joining the wanted list.

Potimas first gathered together all his essential research material, before going into hiding. He disposed of the available documents that would be unwise to let fall into the hands of others, leaving aside the documents that would be okay to fall into the hands of others. Included amongst the later were the people who had been treated like laboratory animals. Potimas had built hidden research laboratories all over the place, repeating cruel experiments on humans, but abandoned the subjects along with the facilities. Potimas anticipated that the police forces that were hunting him down could enter those places.

In the end, the girl was taken into protection. It had been several days since Potimas had disappeared. Since the girl practically couldn’t move from the bed, it was naturally impossible for her to drink and eat, and the intravenous drip that was providing her nutrients had been used up, so she was on the edge of the abyss between life and death. If the police had arrived only a little later, the girl would have lost her life. However, fortune favoured the girl, and she was transferred to a hospital. Her treatment was restarted there, drip-fed with nutrients, and somehow managed to pull through.

「Are you awake?」

When the girl opened her eyes, a woman was there. Apart from Potimas, she had only ever seen another person via the TV screen. In addition, because Potimas had never properly communicated with her, it was almost the first time in her life that anyone had begun a conversation with her.

「Nice to meet you. I am Sariel. What is your name?」

「Ah……riel?」

「Ariel? What a coincidence. That is just like my name.」

The girl had simply tried to murmur the woman’s name. However, with her weakened mouth, her pronunciation slipped, and the listener misunderstood. Everything was the result of chance. However, the girl who had never had a name, then gained a name at that moment. That girl whose fate had been only to live until she died thus encountered the Goddess.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-17: Past Arc 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑰

「Let us eat.」

After Sariel spoke the grace before meals, the children reached out for the food arranged on the table. It might be expected that for children who were mostly in their growth period, that mealtimes could be likened to a battlefield. However, here the food was predetermined in each case, so there was no scramble over it. For children in their growth period that would often lead to small feelings of dissatisfaction, but here it was strictly forbidden to steal food from the other children. Even if they did so, they wouldn’t be allowed to eat it. The reason being, is that the children here were dealing with unique circumstances, and accordingly their food was completely controlled.

This was an orphanage managed by Sariel. To be precise, it was both an orphanage and a hospital at the same time. The children in this orphanage, were test subjects from Potimas’s experiments. It was an orphanage for the sake of the children taken into care from the research institutions that Potimas had scattered all over the place, to care for them and to treat them. They were all chimera, created by Potimas. They were living beings created using humans as a base, mixed with various plants and animals in forbidden experiments. The few surviving ones.

As a result of police forces searching Potimas’s research institutions, it was established that there were many humans who had been subject to experiments. Most of them had lost their lives. Those where the experiment ended in failure, those who were a success but were short lived, and those who died when subjected to further experiments. In the experimental results, the fate of the victims was dispassionately recorded. They truly were treated like laboratory animals, their lives literally toyed with.

The ones cared for at the orphanage, were the children who miraculously managed to survive. Nevertheless, in order to deal with experimental after-effects and the handicaps that they were born with, they were looked after in an orphanage that was combined with a medical institution. At the same time, it was also to keep the children hidden from the inquisitive eyes of the world. A small boy with green skin. A girl with slightly pointed ears. A girl with scales on her body. It was meaningful to conceal those children having a different outward appearance to normal.

With Potimas’s disappearance, the whole world came to know that he had been placed on the wanted list. Then, the contents of his research also started leaking out from various places, becoming rumours amongst the public. From false rumours to valid facts, a mixture of fact and fiction was circulating around. Amongst those rumours, were ones that Potimas had created grotesque looking monsters. Those were true to a certain degree, and also incorrect to a certain degree. In truth, there were chimera made without using humans as a base. Potimas had created chimera by crossing various animals. Some of those certainly had a bizarre appearance. Amongst them, were chimera who should be called pseudo-dragons as they had dragonic elements supplied from who knows where inserted into them, and while they were not as large as the real thing they did display high combat abilities, and an incident occurred where the police who raided a laboratory were mowed down by a rampaging pseudo-dragon. Various exaggerated rumours combined to rush out. The problem was, whether the existence of the bizarre looking children could also be compromised. There were humorous rumours of children with bizarre forms due to experiments attacking people. It was like chatting about creepy ghost stories.

The people spreading such rumours weren’t malicious. Because they never actually believed that such children really existed. They were just exaggerating rumours, and chatting about incredulous tales. However, the children who were victims of experiments did in fact exist, and since they did possess strange enough physical elements to be called bizarre, mere rumours had in fact become reality. If the world found out about them, it was obvious that the children would be hurt to a greater or lesser degree. For that very reason, the children were only acknowledged to exist to sympathetic people, and kept secret from the world.

Sariel took the initiative to take care of those children. Since the Sariel Society had lost their biggest donor in Foddway, the scope of their activities became noticeably reduced. However, because of that and another major factor, Sariel had found it necessary to hide herself as well. Thus, she worked at the orphanage.

The reason why Sariel ended up having to go into hiding, was due to her opposition to MA Energy. Potimas who had since disappeared, was the one who announced the theory of MA Energy. According to that, it was possible to create endless amounts of energy without it ever being exhausted, and it was also extremely simple to achieve. In addition, the world was also astonished by the announcement of a way to achieve evolution of the human body.

However, Sariel had known. She knew that MA Energy was something that was stealing the very life force of the planet itself. The word “god” is a generic term for existences that possess large amounts of energy. Going by that theory, planets can also be called a species of god. Vast amounts of energy exists within planets. Energy that can’t be measured physically. That energy is the very life force of the planet itself, and if it is exhausted the planet will die. MA Energy was the energy of the planet, and the act of using it, meant nothing other than shortening the life of the planet.

Immediately after the announcement of the MA Energy theory, Sariel made an official statement regarding the truth of it. However, it wasn’t accepted. While part of the problem was that people were drawn to the convenience of MA Energy, the biggest problem was that Sariel’s words had no authority. MA Energy was seen as a mysterious energy and that nobody except Potimas knew what it was. Regardless of the theory, nobody even knew why such energy would gush forth. In other words, while she did make an official statement about the truth of MA Energy, it wasn’t possible to verify her statements as being correct. Unfortunately, various researchers also made statements about their own personal opinions on the true nature of MA Energy, and Sariel’s statement was taken as simply another opinion. In addition, Sariel was the head of a charitable organisation. Since she wasn’t a researcher or anything like one, almost nobody considered her to be credible. On the contrary, she was treated as a deranged person spouting thoughtless words.

Part of the reason for that, was that the Dragon Religion had made an almost identical statement. As the name suggests, the Dragon Religion is a group that worships the dragons. However, due to the Tragedy of Tetmaia and more, people considered it to be common sense to fear and avoid dragons. The general population considered people who believed in dragons to be deranged. Having made the same announcement as such a bunch, people viewed what the Sariel Society said with suspicion. In spite of it being the truth.

Even so, Sariel assiduously advocated the dangers of MA Energy. Sariel was well aware of what could happen if it was used. She tried everything she could to try to persuade people that they absolutely must stop. However, it was to no avail.

Then, a faction that strongly supported the use of MA Energy, started to harass Sariel who was making negative statements about MA Energy. Threatening letters were sent to her house. When even that did not stop Sariel, they went as far as sending assassins. While Sariel wouldn’t ever die from that, with there even being incidents of people unrelated to the Sariel Society being attacked, Sariel was forced to restrain her activities. Over the fate of the world, Sariel chose the safety of the people close to her. She couldn’t be blamed for that.

And so, while using the occasion to hide herself, Sariel took care of the children. While she could hear the approaching destruction come closer moment by moment, it was also a time of peace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-18: Past Arc 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑱

「Let’s play!!」

While Ariel and another person, a boy with green skin, were sitting in the shade of a tree reading books, a lively girl charged towards them. The girl was the youngest amongst the orphans, with slightly pointed ears. Following behind, perhaps chasing after the girl, was a boy who was the oldest amongst the orphans. On seeing the girl leaping at the green skinned boy whose back struck the ground severely, Ariel was less flustered than the boy who was running behind. The reason for that, could be understood by looking at the boy’s eyes. The boy’s eyes were dull and cloudy, not focusing on anything. Due to Potimas’s human experiments, the boy had completely lost his eyesight.

「Hey, Natalie! Running around so vigorously is dangerous you know!」

The blind boy separated Natalie, the girl with slightly pointed ears, from the green skinned boy.

「Kura, isn’t it also dangerous for you to run?」

With the blind boy, Kura, being like the pot calling the kettle black, Ariel softly pointed that out.

「It’s okay for me. Even if my eyes can’t see, I can still see things.」

Although Ariel didn’t really understand what Kura was saying, he often moved as though he could still somehow see, despite the fact that his eyes definitely couldn’t see.

「Even so, be careful.」

「Sure. But, she’s the bigger problem.」

Kura seized Natalie by the scruff of the neck, forcing her to stand up, then rapped her on the head with his knuckles.

「Owwie!」

「It hurts, so that’s natural. Come on, apologise to Gob.」

「Ughh!」

「Stop balking. If you do something bad then apologise. Sariel-san taught that, right? Just like how you were hurt when I hit you, Gob was also hurt when you suddenly jumped at him, Natalie. Do you understand?」

「Ughh.」

「It, it’s okay. You don’t have to go so far as apologising. I was just a bit surprised, and it’s not like it really hurt.」

Unable to ignore how Natalie looked when scolded, Gob, the boy with green skin who was in fact the victim defended her. Natalie’s face lit up in delight at the helping hand, but Kura didn’t allow it.

「That’s no good. Natalie must properly apologise to be forgiven.」

Overwhelmed by Kura’s absolutely unyielding spirit, Natalie reluctantly said “I’m sorry”. However, Kura wouldn’t go easy on her.

「You shouldn’t be saying that to me, right? If you’re going to apologise, make one to Gob. Also, such a half-hearted apology is no good either. Come on, apologise one more time.」

As prompted by Kura, Natalie turned to face Gob.

「I’m sorry.」

「It, it’s okay.」

Gob quickly forgave the meekly apologising Natalie. Seeing that, Kura smiled.

「Well done. I’m sorry for hitting you.」

Kura patted Natalie on the head. That was the spot where Kura had rapped her with his knuckles.

「It’s fine!」

As if the meek Natalie from a moment ago had never happened, Natalie’s face lit up with a smile of joy.

「Gob-gob, let’s go over there!」

And so, with his hands being pulled, Gob was dragged off. While leaving, Gob turned his head back to look at Ariel in concern, but Ariel made a gesture indicating “Go ahead and play”. Ariel and Kura watched over them as Natalie and Gob ran off cheerfully.

「It’s dangerous so don’t run!」

As soon as Kura yelled that, Natalie fell over while involving Gob.

「Ahh, I told you so.」

「Not going to go help?」

「Gob is there so it’s okay.」

Although he said that, it didn’t really look okay to Ariel. Gob was panicking on seeing Natalie burst into tears after falling over. However, that was also a scene that happened all the time, so while it might not be entirely okay, perhaps it was still okay. Perhaps as proof of that, Gob desperately began to comfort the crying Natalie. While Ariel and Kura watched over them, Gob awkwardly managed to sooth Natalie, successfully stopping her tears. Afterwards, this time without running, they went to join another group of kids who were playing.

「Are you sure you won’t join them, Kura?」

「I’m too old to be playing around already.」

Kura shrugged his shoulders while saying that, but from the perspective of the world in general he was definitely a child. Although he was the oldest in the orphanage, he was definitely still at a suitable age to be wanting to play. Ariel guessed that Kura was staying beside her out of consideration.

In all the orphanage, Ariel had a particularly frail body. Although she had improved a lot since the time she couldn’t even get off the bed, she could only just about manage to walk around, so running about wasn’t possible. Reading a book under the shade of a tree was about her limit. For that reason, Ariel was often being watched over by the orphanage staff or by Sariel’s side. Speaking of Sariel, she was currently surrounded by boys and girls, and being mobbed. So Kura was being a substitute for Sariel who had her hands full.

「Thank you.」

「What for?」

「Just like how you gotta apologise when you do something wrong, when you feel gratitude you also gotta put that into words, right?」

While Kura was playing dumb, rather than answer him directly, Ariel repeated what she had been taught.

「Kura, just now, you were a bit like Sariel-sama.」

At Ariel’s words, Kura scratched his head, seemingly embarrassed. Ariel didn’t know this, but he had repeated Sariel’s words from when she had scolded Natalie previously.

Sariel’s expression didn’t change much, but she was popular amongst the orphans. That much was to be expected as she acted as a foster parent to the children, kindly taking care of them. Having come into contact with Sariel’s warmth, while Ariel was still reserved, she had regained human emotions.

The boys and girls who had been treated like laboratory animals, played and smiled like the children they were in the small miniature garden.

「What did you say?」

Gyurie asked in a trembling voice. The person being asked, returned the look with a cold expression, as if seeing something dull.

「We will cull the humans. That’s what I said.」

On that day, the dragons bared their fangs at humanity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-19: Past Arc 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑲

Dragons are the supreme race. Regardless of whether or not that’s actually true, that’s what the dragons themselves believe. And so, there is no way that such supreme dragons would not be dissatisfied with the current situation where Sariel is restraining them. In the past, Gyurie was the same. At the same time, the dragons are staying on this planet for a particular objective, not due to charity. They couldn’t let the humans take actions that were contrary to that objective without responding. Even if that would result in hostilities with Sariel.

「So, you have been tasked with stalling me then?」

「It seems so.」

With Sariel staring right back at him, Gyurie self-consciously turns his gaze away. The location is the reception room at the orphanage. Gyurie was a frequent visitor to the orphanage, and would normally simply enter rather than wait at the reception. However, sensing something wrong, the receptionists guided Sariel to where Gyurie was. Anyone could tell that Gyurie’s state was strange at a glance, not just Sariel. With him making such suspicious behaviour, even someone slow on the uptake like Sariel could guess that something had happened. And then, while half-interrogating him, she got information about the dragons’ movements from Gyurie.

「So, what are you going to do?」

「I will obstruct them of course. That is my mission after all.」

To Gyurie’s question, Sariel gave an immediate reply. As normal.

「Is that really your mission?」

However, in response to Gyurie’s follow-on question, Sariel wasn’t able to give an immediate reply.

「It can’t be the case that you don’t understand the implications of what the humans are currently doing. If your mission is to protect the primitive creatures, then wouldn’t stopping the humans to prevent them from destroying this planet be the appropriate actions for you to take?」

Lifting his head, Gyurie continues to talk as if having resolved himself.

「Of course, I also think that eradicating the humans or something would be going too far. However, it would be better to take some kind of action. So long as that really is your mission.」

Gyurie gazes at her, as if testing her. Sariel cannot look away from that. However, she doesn’t even begin to speak either.

Sariel herself was aware that her actions were not optimal. However, she hadn’t doubted those actions until now. Sariel is a stray angel. Her existence is like that of a device without any will of her own, that does nothing except to faithfully carry out her mission. To be more precise, she has become an existence that is unable to decide anything by her own will, except when carrying out her mission. Just like a machine, she continues to naively process only the data that was established beforehand. Even if there is a bug in the data that was established beforehand. A machine cannot doubt itself. In the same way, even while Sariel is aware that her actions were not optimal, she hadn’t doubted those actions until now.

However, just now, from Gyurie’s question, Sariel thought this – is doing things this way really okay? For Sariel, this is the first time she had ever doubted. Thus far, Sariel has continued to think about and take actions for only one thing – how best to carry out her mission more efficiently. However, from another viewpoint, her thoughts are nothing other than a deviation from her original mission. Sariel’s original mission, is to protect the creatures living on this planet from the interference of other gods. So long as the other gods don’t interfere, there is nothing more for her to do. Despite that, Sariel has taken the initiative to intervene with mankind. Even though Sariel is a god. From that moment on, she has practically abandoned her mission herself. Despite that, Sariel had continued to believe that she was correctly carrying out her mission without any doubts. Then, Gyurie had tossed out that question. Due to that, Sariel experienced doubt about her own actions for the first time in her life.

「Sariel. Isn’t it about time that you stop binding yourself to your mission? You can live as you like. You can forget your mission, and live however you wish.」

It was impossible for Sariel to understand Gyurie’s words. Even though she could understand the meaning of the words themselves, she didn’t understand what it meant to live as she likes. For Sariel, living means to accomplish her mission, and her own preferences have nothing to do with it. Or rather, even if she could feel her own preferences, she couldn’t understand them. She could feel her own preferences of course. However, she wasn’t able to comprehend the meaning of those feelings. As a result, she had continued to ignore those preferences.

「I… do not understand.」

「Figures.」

Gyurie hadn’t expected that words alone would be enough to untangle the blockage in Sariel’s heart. However, from Sariel’s behaviour, he could see that the result was better than he had expected.

「However, that does not change what I must do.」

If there was one miscalculation, it was that what Sariel wanted to do from the bottom of her heart and stopping the dragons were in alignment. Gyurie’s words of wanting her to live as she likes certainly did resound in Sariel’s heart. Precisely because they did resound, they blew away the faint doubt that had been born in her heart. Because what Sariel wanted to do was to protect the people. That blew away her doubts about whether her actions were really the optimal way to carry out her mission.

「Wait!」

「Gyurie. I have taken the liberty to consider you a friend. Therefore, please do not do something that will make me kill you.」

Gyurie was surprised by those words. Both the fact that Gyurie was called her friend, and that despite that fact that she still intended to kill him if he got in the way. Then, while Gyurie was stiff with shock, Sariel left him behind in the reception room.

「While I am away, please take care of the orphans.」

While leaving, she made that selfish request. Gyurie silently stared at the closed door. With a confounded expression. As a dragon, as Sariel’s friend, and as a man who was fascinated by Sariel’s heart, Gyurie was unable to decide what actions he should take. The correct actions to take as a dragon, would be to stall Sariel at risk of his life. Even though there was an overwhelming difference in power between them, Gyurie would at least be able to stall for time. For example, by taking the children hostage or something. However, from the moment when he silently allowed Sariel to leave, he couldn’t accomplish that. Then, should he stay by Sariel’s side? That would mean betraying the dragons. For Gyurie who had prided himself on being a dragon until now, that wasn’t an option. In the end, Gyurie did nothing, a terribly half-baked and passive option.

A large-scale attack by dragons occurred simultaneously all over the world. That would normally have instantly resulted in severe damage to mankind. However, Sariel took prompt action. And above all, by using MA Energy there was a desperate resistance made by mankind using the many weapons that Potimas had designed, leading to the war becoming more bogged down than the dragons had expected. The dragons attacked mankind while escaping from Sariel, and until Sariel arrived at the scene the humans could withstand the attacks. That’s how the situation developed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-20: Past Arc 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ⑳

With heavy footsteps, the people walked along while avoiding the mountains of rubble. Walking ahead at the front of the group was a man in a dusty suit that would surely have been spotless in normal times. The people following on behind him were similarly dirty, with their faces showing a sense of hopelessness. Until just the day before they had been living in peace. But on this day, that was suddenly lost. The buildings were flattened, the roads including the ground itself were turned upside down, and the weapons that should have stopped the destruction were scattered around in pieces. In this hellish landscape there was one thing that particularly stood out – as if skewering a high-rise apartment block, was a corpse. Of a dragon.

Similar scenes had happened all over the world. Suddenly the dragons had bared their fangs at mankind. Faced with that terrible power, there wasn’t much that mankind could do. Even by using weapons made with plentiful amounts of MA Energy that were developed by Potimas, it wasn’t possible to oppose the dragons. Even with weapons that were beyond anything developed until now, the most they could possibly do was to stall the dragons for a small amount of time. However, by creating that small amount of time, in the sense that it was enough to reduce the damage until Sariel could arrive on the scene, it could be said that using the weapons was meaningful. Those very weapons were what had incurred the wrath of the dragons though.

As for why the dragons suddenly started attacking, the people gradually came to find out over time. Along with the truth of what exactly was the thing known as MA Energy that they had been using. They heard it from nothing other than the mouths of the dragons who were committing the atrocities. At first, the higher-ups in the countries that were promoting MA Energy tried to conceal the truth. However, due to the development of global communications, such attempts to hush the truth couldn’t last long. Gradually the truth seeped out.

Even so, people couldn’t part with MA Energy. If for no other reason than to protect themselves from the dragons. Faced with the power of dragons, there was little that people could do to resist. However, that was still more than nothing at all. Ironically enough, in order to make use of that little resistance, they couldn’t avoid using MA Energy. And then, they waited. For salvation in the form of Sariel.

Along with the truth about MA Energy, the fact that Sariel’s existence was saving mankind, also came to be known amongst the people. Only Sariel could contend with the dragons. And so, the only form of resistance that people could take, was to buy time until Sariel could come rushing.

Even so, the damage was great. Countless towns were devastated, many people died, and those who survived lost their homes. They came to know. To know just how merciless dragons were, all too much like an embodiment of irrational power. To know despair, from their utter inability to resist.

Two beings countered that despair. One was Sariel. The only one who could contend with dragons, the saviour of mankind. The other was Potimas Hyphenath. The discoverer of MA Energy, and the main cause of the current situation. For that reason, anticipating this situation, he had hastily prepared to oppose the dragons in advance.

Naturally, Potimas was always aware of just what MA Energy was. Including what would happen if it was used. Also, that it was possible that the dragons and Sariel would try to prohibit it. In case that happened, Potimas had rushed to develop weapons. During spare moments in his primary quest to achieve perpetual youth and longevity, he disseminated blueprints for weapons to many countries. If he did that, then those countries would make weapons of their own accord. The countries that obtained the everlasting energy known as MA Energy, began creating weapons in order to compete with each other. In order to stay one step ahead of the other countries. Potimas was internationally wanted, but his intellect was highly valuable. For that reason, many countries supported Potimas behind the scenes, in return for being provided with a part of that intellect. Not realising that they were dancing on top of Potimas’s palm.

And so an anti-god defence network was constructed. If there were any miscalculations in Potimas’s plans, it was that the dragons took action unexpected early, and that he had underestimated their combat potential. He had estimated that even if the weapons that he had personally developed weren’t able to beat the dragons, then they should at least put up a good fight. However, considering the results, rather than being able to put up a good fight, playing for time was the best they could do. Even so, because reinforcements in the form of Sariel existed, they were still meaningful. If Sariel had never sided with mankind, then the conflict would have ended with mankind being trampled down.

At this rate, he’d be killed by the dragons eventually. With that sense of impending crisis, Potimas put even more effort into his research. It’s not like he had been cutting corners on that until now. However, faced with the dread of impending death, Potimas threw off the last remaining common sense remaining within him, turning to even more extreme and ghastly experiments. And finally he achieved it – to convert living things into MA Energy. Then, by using that extracted MA Energy for evolution experiments, Potimas made himself evolve. In a method that differed to any evolution until now. Focusing on a method of evolution to lengthen the lifespan, Potimas succeeded in obtaining a lengthy lifespan far beyond any evolutionary improvements thus far. He evolved into a species that would be called elves in later generations.

However, even with his extended lifespan, the looming threat of the dragons was still going strong. No matter how many dragons Sariel slaughtered, mankind would be destroyed before all the dragons could be killed. Sariel was alone against multiple dragons after all. On completing that calculation, Potimas chose to escape rather than to resist. Taking refuge in space. He made rapid progress to achieve that.

However, luckily or unluckily, Potimas did not take off into space. Before that, the dragons left. While robbing the planet of its MA Energy completely.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-21: Past Arc 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉑

The dragons had attacked people suddenly. Mankind, which had been living in peace, was faced with a crisis that threatened its existence. Complete ruin was narrowly avoided thanks to the saviour known as Sariel, but if the dragons continued their offensive it would still be just a matter of time. However, just as suddenly as it began, the dragons’ attacks abruptly stopped. But, that wasn’t something to celebrate. As the dragons had triggered a form of destruction that was even more severe than their direct attacks.

To the dragons, while it couldn’t be said that it was trivial matter if the planet was destroyed, it wasn’t a big problem either. The dragons settled on this planet in order to eventually rule over it as part of their domain. For the dragons who considered themselves to be supreme beings, ruling over the planet was to be expected for them. Consequently, a planet that they couldn’t rule over had no merit. Being unable to get their plans back on track due to the interfering existence known as Sariel, with the planet due to be destroyed anyway, there was no point in trying to rule over it. Therefore, the dragons took action that would gain them a benefit, albeit a small one. That’s all it was to the dragons, all it was to send the planet towards destruction. Even if they took no action anyway, the planet would still be destroyed in a few centuries. In which case, there was no problem with bringing that forwards a bit. Besides, it would be bothersome if the inhabitants of this planet took off into space. Exterminating them before that could happen would be killing two birds with one stone. Thus, the dragons seized the planet’s MA Energy.

「Is this the end?」

The President muttered that. Nobody responded to that. The room was filled with a heavy atmosphere.

In the country of Dazdoldia, the use of MA Energy had been banned until the very end. The people had already become aware that MA Energy was the very life force of the planet, as well as the fact that if the usage of it continued then the planet would be on the path towards its collapse. And also, that the dragons had suddenly attacked for that reason. That was the explanation given via the Dragon Religion. The Sariel Society had issued a similar warning. Most countries had ignored that, and kept on using MA Energy to enjoy the benefits. While other countries gazed on it like it was sweet nectar, the President stubbornly refused to allow the use of MA Energy even so. Due to the bitter reaction from the citizens of the country, demonstrations seeking to lift the ban on MA Energy were almost a daily occurrence. However, the President refused to bend despite all that, responding that the usage of MA Energy inside the country would be severely punished. And now, the very same President was being called the wisest ruler in the world. Those who had been hurling abuse at him until just recently, were now singing his praises. Even on hearing that, the furrow in the President’s brow wouldn’t slacken.

「What’s the situation?」

「Abnormal weather has broken out in many places, and strange phenomenons are occurring.」

「There are frequent riots occurring between the citizens, with frequent murders and crimes being committed.」

「The rate of suicides is increasing. There are many mass suicides amongst the members of the Dragon Religion.」

「The distribution of food is facing delays.」

The successive reports expose the hopeless situation. Naturally it’s hopeless. Since the end is approaching.

「……How long… do we have left?」

In response to the President’s question, nobody offered an immediate reply. As if they were afraid to say it, not a single person opened their mouth to talk. However, that couldn’t last forever.

「In Potimas Hyphenath’s opinion, we might have a year.」

On hearing Potimas’s name, the President lays bare his annoyance. It wasn’t possible to lay all the blame for current situation at Potimas’s door. However, Potimas was the genesis of it all without doubt. Due to one man’s delusions, the planet was on the path towards collapse. However, the only one who had the potential to break through this situation was again, nobody else but Potimas. For that reason, no matter how repugnant it was, Potimas couldn’t be restrained. Due to those circumstances, the President would get in a bad mood just by hearing Potimas’s name.

「However, that was only for how long the planet could retain its original form, and in his opinion the time limit for sustaining life would be lower than that.」

「By the time that’s determined, the situation will have gotten proportionally worse.」

The implication being, if you’re going to make a decision then do it quickly. Since the others have come this far with the President, they would decide to follow the President’s will. So no matter how outrageous a decision he makes, once the President who is being called the wisest ruler in the world makes a decision, it will surely be accepted.

The President has the right to decide, but, he doesn’t seem about to state anything. Due to the ban on using MA Energy, the frequency of attacks on the country of Dazdoldia was low. While other countries have received catastrophic damage, here it was comparatively minor. In addition, with the reputation the President has, it could be said that no country can oppose Dazdoldia right now. For that very reason, the President must make a prudent decision. Since it was a situation where whatever Dazdoldia determines to be the right answer will be treated as the right answer even if it’s wrong.

「Sigh…」

The President breathes a long sigh. Not matter how much he thinks, in the end, the conclusion he arrives at is the same. As the President, as the person who stands for all the people, no matter how hard it is to accept, he must make that decision.

「Is there… no other way?」

Rather than being an inquiry, his mutter was instead to confirm the answer within himself. Also, there was nobody who responded to him. They couldn’t respond. A long, long silence enveloped the room.

「How goes it with Potimas Hyphenath?」

「We’ve found him.」

「Then, restrain him immediately!」

「Yessir!」

「Once he is restrained, have him start the preparations.」

「……Yessir!」

That was the moment when the man who could by no exaggeration be called the representative of mankind made his decision. In response to that decision, everyone in the conference room bowed their heads.

The President alone, stood up. Then, walked up to a wall. A dull sound resounded. It was the sound of the President beating the wall.

「Just who, just who is the wisest ruler in the world. I’m, I’m nothing but the most shameful one!」

While screaming, he punched the wall again. And again. Again, and again.

「President! President!」

He must have punched the wall really hard, as a cabinet minister rushed to stop him on seeing blood trickling down his fists. However, even so, the President continued to punch the wall. It took three people to pull the President away from the wall, and finally his self-mutilation stopped.

「I’m scum! Total scum!」

However, his words didn’t stop. He wouldn’t stop hurling abuse at himself.

「President! President! You are a splendid person! You are not scum in the least!」

A cabinet minister spoke his true feelings. However, that didn’t shake the President’s heart.

「To repay the kindness that was received with ingratitude. How can you say that I’m not scum!? Dammit, dammit!」

The President screamed while breathing heavily, and sat down in his chair as if losing his strength.

「My name, must be spoken as a curse forevermore.」

「That’s…」

「It must. It must be. Therefore, we must make that future.」

In front of the President’s tragic resolution, the cabinet ministers suck into silence.

「I shall stop at nothing now. Like the scum I am, I will do whatever it takes to protect the people. Until my own soul disappears. That is, the only thing someone as shameless as me can do.」

With bloodshot eyes, yet, with unwavering conviction. Thus, the President declared.

「We shall follow you to the depths of hell, President Dustin.」

The cabinet ministers bowed their heads. They were a shameless group, however, they had solidarity in their firm conviction.

And so, they began to move. Towards Potimas’s proposal to revive the planet. The proposal to revive the planet by returning what was lost – by converting the colossal amount of energy held by the Goddess Sariel into MA Energy. That amounted to asking Sariel to die for them. To one who had saved mankind by continuing to stand up against the dragons. They knew it was shameless, but even so they didn’t stop. They couldn’t stop. Everything was to save mankind from its own foolishness.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-22: Past Arc 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉒

To sacrifice Sariel in order to allow the planet to survive. There were people who approved of that. There were people who were against that. The world is split into two camps, but the overwhelming majority were in favour. Even if they have feelings of guilt for repaying the kindness that was received with ingratitude, with the way things are going now they could only die together with the planet. That being the case, people would want to survive, by ignoring such feelings of guilt. Even amongst the people who were against it, there was only a tiny few who were actually willing to take action in order to speak up and protect Sariel.

In practice, the tiny few who actually took action were from the Sariel Society, who were suppressed. They rejected the demand to hand over Sariel, forming an intense opposition. Even so, the Dazdoldia army was sent out and due to that they were suppressed. Under the orders of the President Dustin who had fully resolved himself, they took tough measures. But due to the President’s conscience, so that there would be no deaths, non-lethal equipment was used. In addition, the Sariel Society stuck to non-lethal forms of opposition. They were originally a charitable organisation. They saved people out of kindness, and would never want to harm others. For that very reason, due to their beliefs, while they opposed with all their might they also clearly avoided anything that could kill others. Faced with that noble spirit, the Dazdoldia army’s morale had sunk remarkably. Everyone in the Dazdoldia army was aware that what they were doing was shameless. However, they had no alternative but to keep on attacking the way they were. If the Sariel Society hadn’t stuck to non-lethal methods, the army wouldn’t have hesitated to annihilate them. President Dustin was fully prepared to carry out such terrible actions. In the end, the Sariel Society’s refusal to kill is what saved their own lives.

When the Dazdoldia army broke into the place where Sariel was, she was surrounded by children clinging to her. With children completely surrounding her, as if they were playing a game of peas in a pod, it was as though they were restraining Sariel. In actual fact, the children were restraining Sariel. Because they understood that if they didn’t, then Sariel would leave.

「If you try to remove us by force then we shall bite our tongues and die. No matter what, if you are going to go then do it after killing us.」

Giving that threat to Sariel, the children clinging to her made themselves hostages to restrain her. The children knew. They knew that if they didn’t restrain her, then Sariel would willingly sacrifice herself. Or rather, that she would even take the initiative to do so. Therefore, they restrained her. They knew that Sariel wouldn’t be able to move when faced with their threat.

For the children, particularly for the older children, they knew that it was a futile struggle that could achieve nothing more than buying some time. Even the younger children were somewhat aware of that. Even so, they had no other option. To the children, it didn’t matter that she was called the Goddess or a saviour, it didn’t matter that the dragons cursed her as being a stray angel who couldn’t see the big picture, and neither did it matter if they were scored as fools by bystanders. From the children’s point of view, Sariel wasn’t such an exaggerated person – she was simply their mother who was kind but had a bit of difficulty expressing her emotions. That’s all they wanted.

The soldiers pulled off the screaming and crying children from Sariel. No matter how much the children insulted them, bit them, scratched them, the soldiers did not resist, but even so they were relentlessly pulled off from Sariel. Finally, when the last one was pulled off, Sariel was taken away by the soldiers.

「Everyone. Please live happily. But in peace.」

Those few words were all she left them with.

Sariel readily agreed to sacrifice herself by converting herself into energy for the planet.

「That is my mission.」

That’s what she said. When Sariel said that to the President, he bowed his head as deeply as he could.

Finally, the day arrived. Until that day, Potimas had been kept restrained, forced to develop equipment without any say in the matter. To prevent him from doing anything strange, he was strictly monitored as well. Potimas developed the equipment he was told to, improving his equipment for converting living beings into MA Energy to be able to convert Sariel into MA Energy. The strict monitoring was so that he couldn’t sneakily add anything to the equipment. Thus, with Potimas being restrained and his life held in the hands of others, there was no way that he wouldn’t do as he was told. The President had discerned that Potimas’s objective was immortality. He knew that since Potimas held his own life more dearly than anything else, he would have no choice but to cooperate.

At least, that would be the case if it was the real Potimas.

The Potimas held by the country of Dazdoldia, was not the real one. It was clone of Potimas. Before Potimas had begun investigations into magecraft, Potimas had investigated whether it was possible to achieve immortality with cloning technology. From there, he was able to create human clones. However, that wasn’t what Potimas had been seeking. The created clone was simply a physical clone. While it was a genetically identical existence, it wasn’t Potimas himself. It was simply a different person having the same appearance as Potimas. If combined with his techniques to transplant the brain, it could be used as a spare body, but it wouldn’t achieve immortality itself. Even if the body is changed, the brain itself would still be deteriorating and soon or later his life would end.

However, this cloning technique was of great use for future research. Potimas mass produced clones of himself and had those clones research immortality. The ability of the clones was no different to Potimas himself. Of course, they couldn’t gain his accumulated experience and knowledge in a day. However, while there were huge problems with his character, there is no doubt that Potimas was a genius, and there was also no doubt that his clones were also superior. Also, that problematic character was dealt with by the original. To the original they were simply pawns in order to further his research and they were not himself nor did they have the same thoughts. The clones were instilled with knowledge in order to further the research and were only granted a mechanical self-conscious that was lacking an ego. Unlike the original they had no fear of death.

The truth behind the “Potimas” that was held by the country of Dazdoldia, was that it was simply one of those clones. The original had sent it out. The original Potimas had only one objective. Which was to get his hands on Sariel’s power. If dragons could be considered monsters that were a symbol of death, then she would easily be an even greater monster. If Potimas could get his hands of Sariel’s power, then he would have nothing to fear.

However, Potimas himself didn’t have the capacity to hold that energy. Based on his repeated experiments with human evolution, it was determined that a human body could not tolerate being supplied with an excess of energy. The human body could only accept a quantity of energy that would improve the physical ability a bit and extend the lifespan somewhat. If the energy of a god could be absorbed as is, then it would have been better, but that was impossible. Therefore, Potimas decided to get hold of Sariel’s energy for a different reason. Namely, the weapon of model that would be called the Gloria Ω in the future. A weapon smeared in blood, by creating a receptacle for a large quantity of souls from his own clones.

For MA Energy, unless it is converted into electric power or the like then it is impossible to store it for a long period of time. However, the efficiency of that conversion was extremely bad. To properly gain hold of Sariel’s power, it was necessary to store it as MA Energy. For that very reason, something to act as a receptacle was needed, namely a container for the soul. Potimas created clones of himself for that reason. Sariel’s power would then be poured into those receptacles.

There was nothing sneakily added to the equipment created by the clone. It was certainly the case that he had utilised the knowledge that Potimas possessed to create equipment that could decompose Sariel and pour that power into the planet. But, that was simply in a way such that as the energy was poured into the planet it could also be extracted by someone else. Potimas intended to collect that energy, and flee from the planet. So long as he could get hold of Sariel’s power, there was nothing to be afraid of. Then, he would have no attachments remaining to this almost broken planet. He would set off into space, and simply take his time to research immortality.

And so, Sariel stepped into the equipment. While the President and others were watching over her, the decomposition of Sariel began, and that energy was poured into the planet. Then Potimas would seize that energy. Or at least, that’s what should have happened.

The moment that Sariel stepped into the equipment, the world was transformed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-23: Past Arc 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉓

Gyurie was taking action. Even for Gyurie, the fact that the dragons would run off with the planet’s energy was beyond his expectations. The far too excessive actions committed by his own race were such that he was struck dumb. However, there’s no turning back what had already happened. Also, it was all too easy to imagine that Sariel would sacrifice herself at this rate. He was convinced that Sariel would likely offer up her own life while saying something like “That is my mission”.

In regards for that, Gyurie asserted that he himself should be the one to undertake such a role. As a dragon himself, he should take responsibility for his own race. However, Sariel had shaken her head in response. That was not because she was concerned about Gyurie, however. There was a much more practical reason. Namely, that with only Gyurie’s power, it was a fact that it wouldn’t be enough to compensate for the lost energy. While Gyurie is a god, he is overwhelmingly inferior compared to Sariel. The energy he had was utterly insufficient to maintain a whole planet. To save the planet, there was no alternative but to sacrifice Sariel.

He understood that. However, he couldn’t accept it. Sariel had kept fighting for mankind. She had continued to work for mankind. Having all that end this way, was never something that he could accept.

So Gyurie considered – what could he do to save Sariel? They could flee together to another planet. But Sariel would never accept that. Sariel would never accept a choice that abandoned this planet or mankind. That being the case, it means that a method was needed to save the planet that didn’t require Sariel to save it. In order to achieve that, there was no choice but to rely upon other gods.

The gods on this planet, were Sariel and the dragons. The dragons had left Gyurie, and left the planet. Of course, the dragons could not be relied upon in this case. Which in turn means, it was necessary to rely upon gods other than dragons out in the universe. That being said, it was a very difficult problem. The dragons were deeply involved in this case. The dragons possessed a great deal of influence in the universe. There were few gods who would be willing to poke their noses into a case where the dragons were involved.

Of course, that didn’t mean that there were none at all. What was required was a power that opposed dragons, while at the same time be willing to take action in response to a request. However, that was a two-edged sword. After all, Gyurie himself was a dragon. He could even be killed on the spot. Not only that, but if things went badly then it was conceivable that the other gods could commence an attack on the planet that Sariel was on. Also, since this involves a power that opposed dragons, it would have to be a great power that is equivalent to or exceeds the dragons. If such a thing takes action, then the dragons might be provoked into a hostile response. In addition, if something happened to the planet that the dragons had only just recently disposed of, then they simply wouldn’t be able to ignore it. In the worse case, the two sides would come into conflict.

Then, what about the angels? They couldn’t be counted upon either. Angels are a race that faithfully abide by the mission that they were given. While there are exceptions, it is nearly impossible to get through to them. In this case, not only could Gyurie be killed, but the stray angel that is Sariel could also be targeted. Also, the angels are a power that opposes dragons. If the angels are called, that would likely result in them provoking the dragons.

Also, the current balance of powers between the gods was in an exceedingly dangerous state. If a conflict between great powers is carelessly triggered, then it is conceivable that the flames of war could spread. In such a scenario, the planet that Sariel is at would be at the forefront of taking damage. As much as possible, the balance of powers between the gods mustn’t be provoked.

For the above reasons, only an independant god that wouldn’t take sides could be relied upon. Yet it would have to be a god such that even if the dragons are provoked, they still wouldn’t be liable to take any reckless actions. On top of that, it would have to be a capricious god that be willing to listen to such a request. Considering the severity of the conditions, the number of gods that cleared them was only… one.

『Well well, this seems to be a remarkably interesting situation indeed.』

And sure enough, Gyurie was now facing that god. Though, it was hard to say that he was actually in a situation of facing another.

Surrounded by impenetrable darkness, Gyurie was there. He couldn’t see the other party. All he could hear was a voice. Gyurie was certain that he had teleported to where that god was. Even Gyurie knew where that god resided. The reason being was that this god was well known for being one that you must absolutely never start a fight with.

Variously known as: the god of the end, the death god, the evil god, the absolute paradox…… While being known by many names, nobody knew the true name of this god. While being an independant god that wasn’t affiliated with any power, this was a god so mighty that no other power could ever disregard her.

「Please, I beg you to be of assistance, nameless god.」

『Ah, I suppose it is inconvenient to be nameless. Let’s see, then please call me D.』

In the darkness, the voice of the god who called herself D resounded. Although low-ranked, Gyurie was still a god. Even to Gyurie’s eyes, the darkness was completely impenetrable. On the contrary, even the sensation of his own body was weak. It was like he was experiencing a delusion that he was being completely swallowed by the darkness. However, Gyurie had the sense that if D ever felt like it then that would no longer be a mere delusion.

On teleporting, he was in this dark empty space. Gyurie guessed that it was a type of ability that manipulated space itself in order to isolate him, but that was nothing but a guess. There was nothing at all that he could figure out about the construction of the technique or anything else. From the moment Gyurie that was captured by this space, he became unable to do anything. That’s just how great the difference in power was between them. All that Gyurie could do, was to speak about the circumstances and request for assistance. Considering the difference in power, all he could say was that at least he wasn’t summarily executed.

For the first time in Gyurie’s life, he experienced a sensation of fear. While he had felt a faint sense of that when he first met Sariel, that was no comparison to this. Although Gyurie was a dragon, it was like he was an ant on the verge of being crushed underfoot. In addition, the source of that fear wasn’t just because he sensed the difference in their power. What this god who called herself D wanted to obtain was completely unknown.

Requesting the assistance of D, was pretty much a gamble. Amongst the gods who were able to save Sariel, it is certainly the case that D satisfied the requirements the most. It was also the case that she satisfied the requirements far more than any other god. However, whether or not she would agree to take part was unknown. D’s behavioral principal was, “is it interesting or not”. That’s it. If she finds it interesting, she can be a saviour or a god of destruction. That is the existence known as D.

She was a terribly irrational existence. From the outset, not only dragons but Sariel and the other gods, all take action in a systematic way, as far as Gyurie is aware. At the time when the dragons had run off with the energy from the planet, while he thought it was unbelieveable, at the same time he could grasp the reason. That being the logic that dragons operate under. Gyurie is aware that instead, he is the one that doesn’t behave like a dragon. Dragons have a dragon’s way of thinking, and they take action based on that. There was a clear logic operating there.

However, D doesn’t have that. Taking actions on a whim, with no kind of method. And worst of all, this god possesses an immense amount of power. In spite of being a lone horseman, her power is so great that dragons must be on guard against her more so than any great power. However, precisely for that reason, Sariel can be saved. Having that power, if you can just get her to think that something is “interesting”, then this god will take action.

『It is interesting indeed.』

And so, the gamble was a success.

『Very well. I shall lend you my power. However, I shall only guarantee life-support for the planet and Sariel. As for whether or not those two can be saved, let us bet upon the people of the planet.』

Gyurie won the gamble. However, that was also the beginning of a long painful battle for Gyurie.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-24: Past Arc 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉔

「How do you do.」

The moment that Sariel stepped into the equipment, she realised that she had been isolated in another dimension due to someone’s interference. She also realised that the same someone was inside the darkness that was right in front of her. While Gyurie hadn’t been able to see through this darkness, Sariel was capable of piercing through it to the hidden truth. The one who had greeted her, was a girl. She appeared to be just one step short of being an adult, young enough that she could still properly be called a girl. However, that expressionless face did not fit her young appearance in the least. An expressionless face that makes one think of bottomless darkness, just the darkness surrounding her.

「Please call me D if you wish. Now then, with my self-introduction out of the way, let us proceed to the negotiation. Dispensing with the small-talk, I shall plainly state my business. Please come play with me.」

While it was an invitation to come play, it also sounded like a devil’s invitation. In fact, that impression wasn’t mistaken. While D spoke of playing and spoke of having fun, as if Sariel wasn’t involved at all, that expression showed absolutely no hint of joy or pleasure. If it had been someone other than Sariel in this place, that person would surely have felt terror at the something that had taken on the shape of a person and the eerie sense of it trying to imitate a person.

However, what Sariel was feeling was not terror, but a pure desire to fight. This thing that was in front of her, should not exist. Its very existence was a sin. While she might be a stray, Sariel is still an angel, and she instinctively felt that the existence in front of her would be harmful to the world. She felt that whatever the difference in combat potential between them, that even had she forgotten the mission she had adhered to for so long, this thing must be defeated at all costs even if they both die.

「Oh, I would rather that you do not consider trying to fight or refuse this. Otherwise, I will not be responsible for what happens to your precious children, okay?」

However, Sariel could not unleash her power. With those words that had no power by themselves, Sariel was constrained. Those words prevented Sariel from moving, more firmly that any binding magecraft could have. With just those words, Sariel was completely constrained. It had been called a negotiation, but it was in fact a threat.

「What do you desire?」

「Splendid. I shall have you become the core of the large-scale magecraft that I will then activate.」

Taking Sariel’s words as an acknowledgement, D projected an overview of that magecraft. It was something like a blueprint of the magecraft, such that a viewer looking over it would be able to understand what sort of magecraft it was. Unfortunately however, Sariel wasn’t able to understand the nature of the magecraft. Sariel was an angel optimised for battle. While she was specialised in destruction, she was poor at performing detailed analysis on the contents of magecraft.

「This is a technique in order to replenish the energy of this planet.」

Whether or not D knew that Sariel couldn’t understand the contents of the magecraft, D began to explain. Just from that first line, Sariel lost the means to respond. She couldn’t understand D’s objective. Considering the timing, it felt like D was trying to interfere with saving this planet, yet her presentation suggested the opposite. Like her very existence, D’s words and deeds couldn’t be understood either.

「Oh. I see you are making a face indicating that you do not understand. You are wondering why I am doing all this. It is simple enough. A certain young dragon petitioned me to save you. Out of kindness, I have come to try to grant that wish.」

Given the disclosed circumstances, Sariel again lost the means to respond. When D teased her by saying “It sure is nice to be young eh”, it went in one ear and out the other. The only question inside Sariel’s head was, “why?”. She thought of Gyurie as a friend. However, for Sariel to sacrifice herself to save this planet was the optimal solution. She couldn’t understand why Gyurie would want to overturn that. Sariel entirely failed to understand how others thought of her. Also, she didn’t consider her own life to be precious. So long as she could accomplish her mission, she would calmly give up her own life. Consequently, she failed to understand why Gyurie would want to do something uncertain like relying upon such a suspicious god for help.

「Really, you should not be expressing condemnation against that dragon you know. It is precisely because that dragon relied upon me that you will not be dying in vain.」

「Dying in vain?」

She herself wasn’t aware of it, but Sariel was quite confused. When she simply parroted D’s words, D gave an honest explanation.

「Do you not see that is highly unlikely that the developer of that equipment genuinely intended to pour your energy into the planet?」

Yet again, Sariel felt herself stiffen. In her encounter with D, every time she opened her mouth, Sariel would stiffen. Sariel had heard of Potimas’s bad reputation. Even so, everyone from the President on down had taken the maximum precautions, had proceeded carefully, and believed that it would work. Or rather, by making her think that, she failed to be suspicious of Potimas. The truth was flung before her.

「In the first place, such equipment is not capable of decomposing a god. The protective barrier that you unconsciously wrap around yourself will easily prevent that. If you try restraining that unconscious defence and allow yourself to be decomposed of your own free will then it would be a different matter though. Even then, should the decomposition actually succeed and that in addition you are able to avoid that developer’s dirty trick, it still would not be able restore the planet. Even if it is all called energy, there are many different kinds. Pouring the energy gained by decomposing a god into a planet, is like doing a blood transfusion without checking the blood type. And furthermore, for a different type of animal. That would never work out. There would obviously be a strong reaction against it. Not even knowing such a thing is why you muscle-brained angels are so troublesome.」

While D jabbers on in rapid succession, the shocking truth is revealed. Sariel’s brain freezes completely.

「And so, I have prepared a flawless plan. If you could acknowledge being bound as the nexus for this procedure, although it will take quite some time, it will then be possible to recover the energy for this planet. Will you acknowledge it?」

D held out her hand towards Sariel. There was a magecraft-like constraint activated in the palm of her hand. If Sariel takes that hand, some sort of contract will be established. In her dulled perception, Sariel reached out like clutching at straws. She grasped the hand in acknowledgement.

「The contract is established.」

If she was a devil, she surely would have shown a gloating smile on skillfully making the other party sign the contract. However, D’s expression did not change. In spite of the fact that, just now, she had successfully duped this stray angel holding the power of a high ranking god.

Chains of magecraft twine around Sariel’s body. Concealed from her, they prevent Sariel’s movement, suck out Sariel’s power, and finally they overthrow the planet. A single planet comes under the dominion of the laws that D prescribed. By the magecraft known as the System.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-25: Past Arc 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉕

The world is transformed. Not many people notice the change though. However, those with particularly good intuition had a vague feeling that somehow the world they had known until just a moment ago had changed completely.

『Do you hear me, humans?』

Those who had felt the change, and those who had not – both of them heard the voice coming down from heaven.

『My name is Gyuriedistodiez. There may be some who have noticed this already, but from this moment, the world has changed.』

The man’s voice could be heard even if you plugged your ears. Surpassing national borders, even if the language was different, even if they were asleep, no matter what they were doing, whether they consented to it or not, that voice could be heard, and the meaning of the words was etched directly into their heads. It was truly an act of god. A pronouncement from god.

『From now on, this planet is placed under the administration of the System. I hereby announce that I am the administrator.』

Everyone looked up at the heavens, and listened to those words. They instinctively understood that they had to do so no matter what.

『As you know, due to the foolish behaviour of the humans, the life of this planet is going to expire.』

At those words, some humans yelled jeers at the heavens. That they weren’t in the wrong. That it was the fault of the dragons. No, it’s just those who used MA Energy who were wrong. However, ignoring them, the voice of heaven continued.

『As a countermeasure, Sariel was going to be sacrificed in order to restore the life of this planet. In other words, you attempted to resolve a peril that you had invited yourselves by spending the life of an unrelated person.』

The number of people voicing complaints at the sky became small. The majority of humans were aware that what they had done could only be criticised.

『Don’t you agree that it is logical for the sins committed by humans to be atoned for by humans?』

The voice that was coming down from the heavens, almost felt like a death sentence to the listening people.

『Therefore, we have decided to give you humans a chance. The means for doing so is the System that has overthrown this planet.』

While saying it was a chance, it was a punishment game with enforced participation and no right of veto. A game, prepared by god.

『You humans are required to fight. By doing so, the energy in your souls will be able to increase. You are required to become devices that will fight, win and increase their energy. Then, when you die, the energy that you saved up will be collected, then used to revitalise the planet.』

It was like a death sentence in practice. “Fight and die”, in other words.

『However, death is normally the end. Therefore, your circle of reincarnation has been limited to this planet only, within the System. After you die you will someday be born on this planet, and you will be required to fight and earn energy once again.』

“Die and fight again”, in other words.

『Right now, this planet has been saved from collapse due to Sariel’s energy. By your own hands, rescue Sariel who you had tried to sacrifice. I am simply doing to you what you tried to do to Sariel. Simple, isn’t it?』

What was almost accomplished by sacrificing a god, will be fulfilled by the hands of humans.

『This is your sin, humans. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone. Atone.』

The voice shook with resentment. It couldn’t be avoided even by plugging the ears.

『Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. Then, die.』

The unsolicited voice of heaven ended on that note, and could no longer be heard. Afterwards, the people could only gaze up at the sky in a daze.

「Was that okay?」

「Indeed. It was a good performance.」

Throwing away the script, Gyurie asked that question as if complaining, but D responded in a level tone. With that monotonous response, he couldn’t tell if she really thought so. However, from their short association Gyurie had realised that this was typical of D, so he kept his mouth closed as he had nothing particularly important to say.

「Now then, I shall have you become the administrator, to act as a guardian for the normal operation of the System. As I had explained previously, the System is something that makes it so that humans, or rather every living creature within the System, will have the power within their souls enlarged by fighting. Then, that enlarged power will be collected at their time of death, then put to use in revitalising the planet. Then, the souls of the dead will be excluded from the normal cycle of reincarnation, and be born again on this planet. In order to be able to run the System, Sariel has become the nexus for the magecraft. Using Sariel’s power, the System was activated and sustained. Also, to delay the collapse of this planet. Sariel will be bound until the planet recovers, but so long as nothing major happens she will not die. Likewise for the planet. It will take some time, but both Sariel and this planet will surely be saved.」

「I see. You have been very helpful. Thank you very much.」

「No no. It is too early to thank me. There are still many things to do in the System. At any rate, this is also the first time that I have put it into operation. Initially, there will probably be many bugs. I shall take appropriate corrective actions for them, but you will also assist.」

「Of course.」

「Consequently, I shall give you authority over several of the System’s functions. When you discover something that appears to be a bug, if you can correct it then do so. If you cannot then please report it to me. I intend to verify the operations regularly myself, but since you are on the planet it would probably be better for you to look over things in person.」

「What specifically should I do?」

「Since I have no way of knowing what kinds of bugs might occur, just keep your eyes open on the planet. If you discover something odd then please check it out immediately. Also, while this is to be expected, the System cannot survive without living creatures. It is fine to make the humans fight, but please take care to regulate them so that they do not go too far and cause total destruction. Since they will not grow if machines are used to fight, it might be better to destroy those sorts of weapons. Going forwards, it would be ideal if firearms disappear. Via the System, it would be possible to make gunpowder unusable to a certain extent though. Even so, such a function should be something that is added once the System is fully running. The initial target is to get it running smoothly.」

「For helping us so much, I really am grateful. Even though she is bound, Sariel can also be saved this way.」

「Indeed she can. Even I cannot save this planet unconditionally. Sariel will survive with the planet, and also the humans will be made to atone for their sins. This is surely the best way.」

Gyurie nods in response to D’s words. He believed her words that even someone like D would not be able to save an almost collapsed planet unconditionally.

In truth, D would be able to revitalise the planet without creating the System and using such a roundabout method. However, she would never do that. Because it wouldn’t be interesting. Merely for the reason that it wouldn’t be interesting otherwise, Sariel will be bound as the System’s nexus for many years to come, Gyurie will be put to work while unaware of that, and the planet’s inhabitants will be forced to continue to kill each other. Everything, is for D’s amusement.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter past-arc-26: Past Arc 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Past Arc ㉖

「I can talk with Sariel, right?」

「Yes, of course.」

Because Sariel has become the nexus of the System, she is in another dimension that D had created. It is not possible to enter there without D’s permission. Gyurie is no exception to that despite having been granted operational authority over a part of the System. Even then, the authority that Gyurie has been granted is quite limited, so there are far more things he can’t do from the point of view of the whole System. D has only required Gyurie to discover bugs, because she doesn’t want him to touch the rest of the items as much as possible.

「Well then, I shall send you off.」

「You aren’t coming, D?」

「Correct. I do not get along well with angels, so it is better that we do not meet.」

In spite of the fact that they had met not so long ago, D casually said that. Why did she tell such a lie? Because it seemed more interesting this way. D transferred Gyurie into the center of the System where Sariel was, while wondering what kind of conversation the two were about to have.

「Sariel.」

On seeing Sariel’s state, Gyurie was shocked to find that D talking of her being bound was not a metaphor at all. It was vast space. An enormous magic circle filled that space. Sariel was at the center of it. She was bound by something that seemed to be chains that spread out in a geometric pattern from the magic circle. Gyurie had expected something looser when he had heard about the binding. At most he had expected something that would prevent her from being able to leave the System nexus in this space. However, reality was much more cruel. Gyurie was dumbfounded seeing her state, thinking that it was almost like she was a prisoner.

「Sariel…」

Dumbfounded, he called her name once again. He wasn’t able to come up with anything else to say.

「Gyurie.」

On being called out to, she also responded with the other’s name. Her steady eyes capture Gyurie. As always, her eyes have a cold radiance. However, unlike normal, there seems to be a hint of something that seemed like blame reflected within those eyes.

「I’m sorry.」

Gyurie reflexively apologised. As for what he is apologising for, Gyurie himself didn’t know. Maybe the attack by the dragons upon the humans. Perhaps that they had run off with all the energy from this planet afterwards. Perhaps that he wasn’t able to stop that. Perhaps because he had forced Sariel into such a situation. Or perhaps, all of those.

「It is okay. You are not responsible.」

As if forgiving all those things, Sariel gently nodded.

「Suddenly finding yourself in this situation must have been surprise I guess?」

Even if Sariel forgave him, Gyurie couldn’t forgive himself. However, that said, there was little he could do. One of the few things that he could do was to explain the situation to Sariel. That he had relied upon D. That having accepted the request, D had created this System, and as a result of that Sariel had become bound like this. Finally, although it would take a long time, he promised that he would definitely revitalise the planet and take Sariel out from here.

While hearing that explanation, Sariel noticed that Gyurie was mistaken. That since Gyurie thought that Sariel was totally unaware of the situation, then D had carried things out without mentioning to him that they had met. Even though she noticed that, Sariel didn’t point out what D had done. She felt that even if she pointed it out there wouldn’t be a good outcome. And that was indeed the case. Even if she pointed it out, the conflicts in Gyurie’s heart would only grow and D would simply amuse herself with seeing those conflicts.

「I have understood the situation.」

Sariel swallowed her distrust towards D, nodding her head so that it wouldn’t be conveyed.

「Gyurie. As you can see, I cannot move.」

Due to the contract with D, Sariel does not have freedom of movement. Taking the role as a battery for the System, she has become something like a mere cogwheel that moves the System. She can barely even intervene in the System.

「Please take care of the planet and the people.」

In place of her who cannot move, she makes that request, bowing her head.

「Of course.」

In response to that, Gyurie answered strongly. However, he wasn’t able to immediately respond to Sariel’s following words.

「Please. It does not matter if it takes longer to free me. Please guide the people so that they do not fight and so that they do not kill each other.」

That was a request that went against the very nature of the System. Also, it was something virtually impossible for Gyurie to accept.

「Sariel, that is……」

「I know I am asking for something unreasonable. However, I do not want people to fight any more than this. I said this to the children at the orphanage as well, but I just want people to live peacefully and happily.」

He know what Sariel wanted to say. Having seen Sariel’s actions until now, he had rather expected it. However, Gyurie didn’t think he’d be able to do that. Because Gyurie himself had already broadcast the outline of the System from the script that D had written, all the humans in the world were already aware. Also, Gyurie was perfectly aware of just what those people were going to do next. Namely, conflict.

Currently there were two major types of human on this planet. The first was the normal humans. The other, was a new type of human that had evolved based on the usage of MA Energy that Potimas had advocated. While the majority was the former, it would be hard to call the latter scarce. At any rate, most countries had promoted the usage of MA Energy after all. The normal humans are blaming the evolved humans for having wasted MA Energy and causing the current situation, and are obviously going to attack. All the more so due to the System being put into operation, which endorses fighting.

「By all means, let them live. Keep them alive. Do not kill them. Do not allow them to be killed. I beg you.」

「……I shall do my best.」

That was all that Gyurie could reply with.

『It is almost time.』

D called out almost as if she was waiting for an opportune moment, which was in fact the case.

「I got it. Well then Sariel, I shall come again. Without fail, I shall save you.」

「Yes. I will be waiting.」

Then, Gyurie left the place. Not knowing that he would never be able to set foot in there again.

「Such a wonderfully benevolent heart.」

On Gyurie’s return, D said that in an even voice as a greeting. From that tone, it wasn’t possible to determine whether or not she truly did think that it was wonderful.

「Indeed.」

While having the same opinion, Gyurie had decided that just this one time he couldn’t do as Sariel asked. It was certainly the case that most people had simply gotten dragged into the situation. Ignorance might be a sin, but it wasn’t something that could never be forgiven. However, there was at least one person who could never be forgiven. Potimas Hyphenath. The main cause of this situation was due to him guiding this planet towards collapse, even if it was indirect. Even if everyone else could be forgiven, that man absolutely could not be forgiven. Precisely because Sariel had predicted that Gyurie would take such action is probably why she said “Do not kill”, but that was something he could not accept. He would kill Potimas. Not a fragment of his soul would remain.

「As administrators, we should follow the example of that benevolent heart, and commit to not taking action against the living creatures on this planet.」

However, Gyurie’s intent, was stopped by the high ranking administrator.

「Eh?」

At first, Gyurie did not understand what D was saying. As such, he accidentally voiced his doubt in a dumb sounding way.

「To repeat, I said that as administrators we should cease from taking action against the living creatures on this planet. In the first place, the System is a device that encourages the mutual development of the living creatures on this place, then collecting the energy generated from doing so. If we interfere excessively, we shall deviate from that objective.」

「Yes, but…」

What D was saying was a sound argument. However, Gyurie had someone that he had to kill. He couldn’t agree to this.

「What we administrators do, is monitoring and adjustment. Is that not very much like what gods should do? Therefore, you must not try to kill any specific person. Sariel also wishes for that, right?」

While referring to Sariel, D issued coercive instructions.

「You simply have to follow what I say. If you go off on your own, I will not be responsible for what happens, okay?」

While that was phased in a vague way, it could be predicted that it would not be anything nice. Gyurie had the misapprehension that his body was somehow bound by invisible chains. It wasn’t only Sariel who was bound. From this moment, Gyurie harboured a faint yet very real doubt against D.

「Now then, please entertain me.」

An endless darkness was invoked by that even voice without even a fragment of emotion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter psrefgy: Everybody's got to believe in something. I believe I'll have another drink.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Everybody’s got to believe in something. I believe I’ll have another drink.

A pre-translation note: A word comes up here that is basically impossible to translate since it’s something from Japanese folklore. The word is “kodoku” (蟲毒), which was a method apparently used in 8th century Japan (and later) to curse people. The general idea is to put many poisonous insects (or creatures in general) into a pot, have them kill each other and become stronger, with the final one being the strongest and the one used for the curse. In a more general sense (and how it is often used in popular fiction), imagine confining many things and forcing them to fight each other to the death in the hope of creating a particularly powerful winner.

Past Reflections: Gyurie

Do I have regrets? I have an endless amount. If only I had done this here, or that there. Once I start thinking about them it goes on forever. Particularly in my case, as I had more choices. No, maybe it would be better to say that I didn’t have any choices. If I could have made a choice, surely the future would have been different. When I think about that, my thoughts always get lost in a quagmire.

However, in the end, even if I ponder such things, I can’t change the past. That being the case, there’s nothing I can do but to accept the choices I made. It’s not to Dustin’s extent, but I must take responsibility for my past actions. But well, precisely because of that, I’ve still not made any choices though.

Whether it’s Dustin or myself, our past choices have bound us and even now they are narrowing our freedom to choose. Dustin is single-mindedly continuing to walk down the path he chose in the past. No matter how thorny that path might be, no matter how much it exhausts his heart, he won’t stop walking. Also, considering that he has not gone off track from that path even once, he is dreadful. In terms of force of will, that man exceeds me by far. He might not be a god, but on that point he’s a monster that could even beat a god.

My choices? I have not made choices. I couldn’t make any choices. Year in year out I take half-baked measures, and no matter what I do it doesn’t change anything. Not being able to do anything I sit idly by, and even now I’m still not doing anything after all. The only thing I can actually say that I accomplished, was to go beg D for mercy. It’s so pathetic that I can’t stand it. Even then, I’m in the predicament of not being able to judge whether begging D for mercy was correct. I can’t help think that there must have been another way.

Even I realise that D didn’t help us out of good intentions. Or rather, I didn’t realise that at the time. After a long time I began to think that she was suspicious, and I became convinced at the point when I was no longer able to contact her. I realised rather too late, didn’t I.

I don’t know what D’s objective might be either. According to her it was because it seems interesting, and I am sure she truly feels that way, but I think that she might have other objectives apart from that. One of them, is probably some sort of experiment. I have heard about a thing called “kodoku” on Earth. This is the same. The System is an enormous “kodoku”. It is a device to make all living beings kill each other, in order to create even stronger beings. The final target would be, to create a god. Since the skills of the Seven Deadly Sins and Seven Virtues have “reaching the gods” in the explanatory note, that point is obvious. The System is probably an experimental device designed to artificially create a god.

As for what’s the meaning of doing so, I have no idea either. Maybe it’s simply that interesting for her. Apart from that, I’ve spotted all sorts of specifications in the System that could be thought of as D’s playfulness. I am not able to come up with a rational explanation for all of them. I’m sure I wouldn’t understand them unless I asked D. But then again, even if I asked about them maybe I still wouldn’t understand. That’s just how she is. Gaining understanding would actually be my loss.

Yes, she was hard to understand. I had absolutely no idea what would stir D’s heartstrings. Even now I don’t know. If I take arbitrary actions, I might get on D’s bad side. Due to thinking so, I couldn’t do anything except to quietly do as I was told. Even here I have abandoned the right to choose. Or perhaps, considering D’s personality, if I could have just gotten her to think that it was interesting, maybe I would have been able to have a greater freedom of action to a certain extent. However, this is me we’re talking about, okay? Do you seriously think that someone like me can make someone like D think that something is interesting? Although I’m saying so myself, I don’t think that I can. When I consider that I might ruin everything, I lose the courage to take a single step forwards. Because of that, even while D toyed with this planet, I couldn’t do anything and simply did nothing.

That being said, even though she toyed with this planet, it is still the truth that it was saved by her. Considering the current situation, while I might have worried about whether what I was doing was correct or not back then, it’s certainly the case that I had no other way and that this was the best option. Indeed, even if I could return back to that moment, I would likely still rely upon D. Hmm, when I think that, at the end of the day maybe this is the only future I could have selected. No matter how much I worry about this and that, it’s all too easy to picture myself losing the timing to make a choice due to my worrying. So I accept being called a “loser”.

Sigh. Ahh, that’s right. I’m always just going round in circles. I guess I have what’s called a washed-up nature. I’m no different to the masses. I’m simply an existence that obeys the main course of events in the world, just going with the flow. If there exists those who are called heroes or protagonists, who go against that flow, who enforce their own will, who change the way the world is, then when all’s said and done I would be called a minor character who adds some flavour to the story. However, although I can’t change the course of events, I still have power. Therefore, I’m not even able to be a proper minor character, and instead I’m a half-baked existence loitering on the edge of the stage. Any way you cut it I’m half-baked aren’t I.

However, half-baked I might be, minor character I might be, I am here as myself. I might not have made choices before, but that doesn’t mean I’ll never make choices. I might be only going with the flow, but I’m still flowing downstream. I might be D’s errand runner, but unlike the System I wasn’t created by her. I am here with my own will. I want you to remember that.

……Well, considering that we’re drinking here, maybe you won’t remember anything no matter what I say though. I still have plenty to drink. Hang out with me a bit longer, I still have some complaints.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter charai2: The from hell. Nai wa.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The chapter from hell. Nai wa.

A little pre-translation note: This is more or less an extended or updated version of the previous character introduction chapter. Unlike other chapters, due to the extreme length I’ve put the translation notes inline. Also, I left in the original Japanese versions of the names as a reference.

Character Introduction 2

Author’s warning: There are spoilers. In addition, there is also behind the scenes information that has little to do with the main story.

The Reincarnators

A classroom in Heishin High School was destroyed by a mysterious explosion. The students and teacher of that class are then reincarnated into another world.

Shiraori 白織 — nameless 名前なし

The protagonist, referred to as Shiro within the story and Kumoko outside the story, but almost never called by her real name. It couldn’t be helped that her name didn’t come out for such a long time. She is the irregular who climbed up from the weakest class of spider monster by using fighting spirit and determination to ascend all the way to godhood. While she is a reincarnator, unlike the other reincarnators she was not originally human. In fact she is a real spider used as a substitute for D (in the guise of Wakaba Hiiro 若葉姫色), with her memories transplanted. She knows the secret of her own birth, knows the truth about the world and is currently busy with various activities. Overall she is the Tertiary Perpetrator. For the troubles in modern era, she is the Primary Perpetrator. Is that really okay, protagonist?

Translation note: “Perpetrator” – in the sense of causing things to happen. Potimas is the overall Primary Perpetrator and D the Secondary. In other words, most of the world’s problems are due to Potimas, or if not him then D, or if not her then Shiro.

Sophia ソフィア — Negishi Shouko 根岸彰子

Daughter of the lord of the Keren territory in the country of Sariera. Born as a vampire true ancestor. Having been dragged into the war between the Goddess Religion and the Divine Word Religion, she lost her parents and was about to be killed by Potimas when she was picked up by Shiro and the Demon King. Afterwards, she grew up magnificently while on a trip referred to as the spider-style training camp. She grew up so magnificently it’s likely her dead parents looking on would probably turn over in their grave and faint. She takes part in various activities as a member of the Demon King Army working under Shiro. Due to her appearance before reincarnating she spent the springtime of her life being bullied and isolated. Due to that her personality became somewhat twisted. On discovering she had a beautiful appearance after being reborn she was like “my time has come!” but what actually awaited her was a turbulent era.

Wrath ラース — Sasajima Kyouya 笹島京也

Born as a goblin in a corner of the Magic Mountain Range that separates the human and demon territories. He lived a humble life as a goblin, but his village was attacked by a contingent of humans lead by the summoner Buirims. Nearly all the goblins in the village were killed, and he himself was enslaved by Buirims and forced to be a subordinate. Due to the feelings of anger from that time he acquired the Wrath skill. After he dominated Buirims in turn, he rampaged around due to the Wrath skill. After he evolved into a Kijin he fought with Sophia, and regained his sense of reason as a side-effect, and has been working as a member of the Demon King Army since then. In his previous life he was one of Shun’s close friends, and possessed a sense of justice that hated anything not fair and aboveboard.

Shun シュン — Yamada Shunsuke 山田俊輔

The 5th Prince of the Anareich Kingdom. Inheriting the dying wish of the then Hero Julius, his elder brother who was born to the same mother, he became the Hero. But, due to the schemes of a certain spider he is an unfortunate person who was framed for a crime, forced to fight and so on. Even so, after he pressed on without getting depressed he had Taboo installed. What will Yamada’s future be!? Before he reincarnated he gave off the feeling of an average person who didn’t stand out. His one redeeming feature is in games, and due to skipping his studies to focus on spending the springtime of his life playing games he became a bit of a loser. Putting it another way though, being able to be average despite playing games all the time, you could say that his hidden specs are high. On reincarnating those hidden specs exploded massively. But while they did, all sorts of misfortune came his way due to a certain spider.

Katia カティア — Ooshima Kanata 大島叶多

The noble daughter of a duke in the Anareich Kingdom. She was originally male but is now female. She is working hard in order to support Shun, a close friend since her previous life. While working hard she became attracted to Shun, and on the occasion of the coup d’état in the Kingdom she turned completely serious. She was originally male yet is now like a carnivorous female with her eyes on the prize. In his previous life, because he was pushed around by his two carnivorous elder sisters, he gained a distrust of women. However, he also had a girlish side that embraces the illusion known as love. As a result, this gender-bent carnivorous female burst out. Just why did this happen? What will Yamada’s future be!?

Firimes フィリメス — Okazaki Kanami 岡崎香奈美

Born as the daughter of the elf patriarch in the Elf Forest. Like the protagonist, she is more likely to be referred to as “sensei” than by her real name. She was the only adult amongst the reincarnators, and was the classroom teacher. She is considered to be the daughter of Potimas, but in fact she was a high spec elf at birth due to the adjustments that Potimas made. She is more or less the daughter of one of Potimas’s clones. She is a pitiful person who was manipulated by the “Student List” skill granted to her due to a certain Evil God thinking that this would make things more interesting, and was further put to good use for Potimas’s ends. Having a strong sense of duty from being a teacher she did her best to go around taking her students into protection, but the end result was the opposite. As she herself has said, she believes that she wouldn’t be able to properly interact with her pupils if she didn’t develop a persona, and she is a timid person to the degree that if she hadn’t had the sense of duty of what an ideal teacher should be like she wouldn’t have been able to accept the reality of the different world she had reincarnated into. In a sense, she is the number one victim amongst the reincarnators, and also the number one aggressor.

Yuugo ユーゴー — Natsume Kengo 夏目健吾

The prince of the Rengzand Empire. He became warped due to not having anyone around him who understood his circumstances, not having anyone he could trust due to the troublesome political situation inside the Empire, and not having had any dissatisfaction about how he had lived his previous life. Then he was used by a certain spider. Persistently aiming for Shun, he became the criminal who threw the world into a maelstrom of chaos. In his previous life, he was hated by many due to being the type who was somewhat egotistic and would also not hide his true thoughts, but his frank attitude attracted even more people. Although Shun was indiscriminately hated by him due to them not being able to get along, he was a nice enough guy to be the leader of the boys. If he had been able to enter university, work in part-time jobs and enter society as an adult, he would likely have experienced a smooth and successful life. At the time when he first met Shun after reincarnating, if he hadn’t tried to avoid Shun due to being aware that they didn’t get along in their previous lives, and if his hard to understand SOS had been noticed, perhaps the end result could also have been different.

Translation note: “and if his hard to understand SOS had been noticed” – putting it another way, Yuugo was mentally distressed but couldn’t bring himself to admit it and nobody spotted the tell-tale signs due to his attitude.

Yuri ユーリ — Hasebe Yuika 長谷部結花

An orphan from the Holy Country of Aleius. She was abandoned in front of a church. Having partial awareness of the incident due to being a reincarnator, she remembers the moment when she was abandoned, and that became a trauma for her. Perhaps in order to overcome that trauma, she completely devoted herself to the doctrine of the Divine Word Religion, and before she noticed she had become a candidate for the next Saint. In her previous life she was a completely normal high-school student. She enjoyed a bittersweet springtime of her life, such as having a small secret crush on the likewise completely normal boy in the seat next to her, so what did she do wrong to end up reincarnated into another world? On finding that the boy she had had a crush on in her previous life had become a prince she was in high spirits, but it was short lived and she experienced things like being turned into a pawn due to Yuugo’s brainwashing, being trod on and being kicked. In both the web edition and the published edition she had little presence, and amongst the reincarnators who weren’t confined in the elf village she is probably the most unfortunate.

Fey フェイ — Shinohara Mirei 漆原美麗

Her name only appears in the published edition. In the web edition she is simply amongst those confined in the elf village. Her confession to the senpai that she liked was rejected because he liked Wakaba Hiiro, so out of resentment she led the bullying of Wakaba Hiiro. Those around Wakaba Hiiro (ie D) could somewhat perceive how dangerous she was, and they tried to stop Mirei’s actions. She is a regular member of the S-series in the published edition.

Kunihiko クニヒコ — Tagawa Kunihiko 田川邦彦

Born in a village on the border between the humans and demons that took bandit-like actions against the demons. In order to defeat Merazofis, the leader of the demons that destroyed that village, he became an adventurer and gained fame. While he accomplished his heart’s desire of fighting against Merazofis in the Human-Demon Great War, he was unable to overturn the overwhelming difference in strength, and withdrew. He keenly felt his own lack of ability. Afterwards he went to the elf village, and got dragged into the war between the elves and the Demon King Army. In his past life, apart from maintaining his delicate but inseparable relationship with his childhood friend, he was a completely normal highschool boy. Being stuck with that inseparable relationship with his childhood friend after reincarnating, is some kind of fate.

Asaka アサカ — Kushitani Asaka 櫛谷麻香

Born in a village on the border between the humans and demons that took bandit-like actions against the demons. In short, the same village as Kunihiko. Due to her appreciating reliable and realistic things, she took on the stopper role against Kunihiko’s idiotic tendencies. She became an adventurer together with Kunihiko and gained fame. While she truly wants to live peacefully and without fighting, she took up arms for Kunihiko’s sake. According to Kunihiko, “If Asaka wasn’t around I wouldn’t be able to survive”. Go explode forever you bastards. She has been in an inseparable relationship with her childhood friend Kunihiko since her past life.

Translation note: “Go explode forever you bastards” – a reference to the “normies, go explode” meme.

Sajin サジン — Kusama Shinobu 草間忍

Born to a family that serves in the dark ops of Holy Country of Aleius. Due to that connection, the pope noticed that he had a strange skill shortly after birth, and he became the trigger for the existence of the reincarnators being known about. After his birth, he participated in the dark ops training, distinguishing himself due to the influence of the unique Ninja skill he was born with. But, because he had an easy-going nature from the start he is fatally ill-suited to the dark ops – a regrettable ninja. In his previous life he was treated like a gofer due to his easy-going nature. Even now he’s acting like the pope’s gofer, so there’s not much difference.

Ogi オギ — Ogiwara Ken’ichi 荻原健

Born in the Holy Country of Aleius. Because he had a unique skill that was a more advanced version of telepathy, he became a stooge for the pope, sent into the elf village as a spy. His task is to report on the livelihoods of the reincarnators in the elf village. At the time of the attack on the elf village, he failed in his attempt to poison them and keep the other reincarnators pinned down and out of the battle. He was beaten up by Asaka. In his previous life he was a member of the soccer club and had a wide circle of friends.

? — Kudou Sachi 工藤沙智

One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. The former class-rep. She was bought with money by the elves as a baby, and has lived there the whole time since. Because of those circumstances she often hits out severely at sensei. Since she was previously the class-rep, she is like the leader of the reincarnators in the elf village. In her previous life she was a closet fujoshi. Because the elf village was lacking in entertainment, she came out of the closet about that fact to the other girls. Due to her activities to preach the rotten faith, all the girls in the elf village became fujoshi.

Translation note: “Fujoshi” – literally “rotten woman”, ie a woman who enjoys reading about love between men, or shipping them.

? — Sakurazaki Issei 桜崎一成

Deceased. A close friend of Natsume who understood him well. After reincarnating, he was killed by Potimas who realised the danger of his unique skill. Having been reincarnated in the Rengzand Empire like Natsume, he would likely have met with Natsume again after growing up due to the social standing of his parents. In fact, he had the highest specs of all the reincarnators, surpassing Shun, and his unique skill was very strong. That backfired upon him and he was killed off.

? — Kogure Naofumi 小暮直史

Deceased. Unfortunately the village he was born in was attacked by monsters and he passed away. A crybaby who would burst into tears over every little thing. He also cried when he was put in charge of the classroom pet.

? — Hayashi Kouta 林康太

Deceased. Unfortunately had an accident and died. A former member of the table tennis club who became a different person when holding a racket. Normally he was a quiet boy who didn’t stand out.

? — Aikawa Ren 相川恋

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. Contrary to her name, her combined age in her past life and this life equals her time spent without a boyfriend.

Translation note: Ren (恋) means “love”.

? — Tsushima Masaru 津島勝

His name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. A member who receives supplies from the elves. While doing so, he worries about why the girls have intense expressions when he is seen talking with elf males.

? — Maki Shuuto 槙将羽登

His name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. Despite having the name “Shuuto”, he was a former member of the baseball club. Because there is a high percentage of girls in the elf village, he feels uneasy.

Translation note: “Shuuto” sounds just like “shoot” in Japanese, which would frequently be used in soccer.

? — Iijima Aiko 飯島愛子

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. In her previous life she was a flamboyant high school girl, but in this life she has converted into a fujoshi……

? — Segawa Touko 瀬川柊子

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. In her previous life she was a girl besotted with pure love shoujo manga, but in this life she has become a fujoshi who has indecent delusions about relationships between boys……

? — Temari Kawasaki 手鞠川咲

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. She is in fact Buirims’s daughter. Has likewise converted to a rotten path……

? — Tonooka Kumiko 外岡久美子

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. An extremist who is scheming to somehow have the elf males make a move on Tsushima.

? — Nanase Chie 七瀬千恵

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. Couldn’t care less about converting to the rotten path. Or at least, that’s what she thought long ago. Before she realised it she was stuck in the swamp. The rotten path is fearsome.

? — Furuta Mio 古田未央

Her name only appears in the published edition. One of the reincarnators held captive in the elf village. Secretly in love with Maki. But, she also puts that aside for her erotic rotten delusions.

The Demon King’s side

The army of demons with the Demon King being the leading figure.

Ariel アリエル

The current Demon King and the oldest Divine Beast in the world. A living witness to the history of the world from before the System was put into operation. She decided to become the Demon King due to the incident that caused the reincarnators to be reincarnated into this world which also caused the amount of MA Energy to precipitously decline, and also because she felt that her life span nearing its end. In order to save her foster parent Sariel, she fulfilled her duty as the Demon King, and defeated Potimas. Originally she was one of the victims of Potimas’s human experiments and was treated as a failed product. Considering that she was created as a chimera using Potimas’s genes, it could be said that she is a daughter of Potimas. Due to being a failed product, she suffered for a long time from defects in her body, but because of the System’s power she gradually got better. Starting from there and over the span of many years, she attained the greatest strength in the entire world. In order to defeat Potimas she used up almost all of that power though, and now all she can do is to live out what little remains of her life.

Merazofis メラゾフィス

The commander of the 4th Demon King Army. Originally he was the right-hand man and valet of the lord of the Keren territory in the country of Sariera. Having been caught up in the conflict between the Divine Word Religion and the Goddess Religion, he became a vampire due to Sophia when she was almost about to be killed by Potimas. Since then he has worked under the Demon King together with Sophia, and after distinguishing himself in the Demon King Army he rose up to become an army commander. While he has the rank of an army commander, he gives maximum priority to his ojou-sama in Sophia. Having sworn an oath of allegiance to the now deceased lord and lady and having inherited their dying wish, he puts in great efforts every day in order to become a man who can protect Sophia.

Balto バルト

The right-hand man of the Demon King. The person who in practice is keeping the demons all in one piece. A wordly-wise man. At the time when he was putting strenuous efforts into trying to do something about the demons who were declining in various ways such as population decrease, Ariel was inaugurated as the Demon King, and with her proposal that “we shall invade the human territories” he was driven into an even greater dilemma, turning him into a pitiful person who has constant stomach pains. He works so hard that Shiro fears he might die from overwork. Do your best.

Argnar アーグナー

The commander of the 1st Demon King Army. Deceased. A veteran demon who put in strenuous efforts to save the demons though in a different way to Balto. However, he was marked by a certain spider, and although he did as he was told and was undoubtedly one of the most capable demons around, in the end it seemed like he was discarded and was crushed by a Queen Taratekt.

Sanatoria サーナトリア

The commander of the 2nd Demon King Army. A voluptuous woman who is a childhood friend of Balto. From a household of succubi who use their good looks and techniques to manipulate others to do their will. Distrusting the current Demon King Ariel, she comes up with various schemes hoping to catch Ariel off guard. However, she is not aware of the fact that Ariel overheard all of them and that Balto has been covering for her.

Kogou コゴウ

The commander of the 3rd Demon King Army. Having a personality that dislikes conflict, he feels that he doesn’t particularly want to obey Ariel who is proactively seeking war. Egged on by Sanatoria, they are attempting to see if they can cause a revolt.

Darado ダラド

The commander of the 5th Demon King Army. Due to being born and raised in a family that swears by absolute allegiance to the generations of Demon Kings, he will abide by any plan that the Demon King comes up with. For that reason, he repeatedly clashes with the other army commanders who distrust the Demon King, causing a volatile atmosphere.

Hyuui ヒュウイ

The commander of the 6th Demon King Army. Deceased. A youthful army commander who wields magic. Fearing Ariel from this bottom of his heart, he made a mistake about when to retreat, and was defeated by the mage unit of the Empire lead by Ronant. His death came when Ronant’s magic shot through his head.

Blow ブロウ

The commander of the 7th Demon King Army. Deceased. Balto’s younger brother. Due to being raised while admiring his elder brother Balto from behind, he couldn’t accept that Ariel had suddenly been inaugurated as the Demon King, and strongly opposed the plans that would drive the demons into a predicament. His last moments came when he fought with the Hero Julius one-on-one and lost.

Felmina フェルミナ

Originally an ojou-sama from a good family. After taking action in order to try to remove Sophia who was doing whatever she likes in the demon academy, she was condemned by Sophia’s followers. After losing her social position she was picked up by a certain spider and reforged, and appointed as a subordinate. Due to that sequence of events she hates Sophia. While she is grateful towards Shiro she is unable to honestly respect her considering the current situation of the demons. Due to having an incomplete understanding of the current situation, she is similar to Balto in having stomach pains every day. She is capable but tends not to stand out much.

Waldo ワルド

Felmina’s ex-fiance. The son of a good family. A brave man who was strongly attracted to Sophia and as a result of pledging allegiance to her, he was allowed to become a vampire. Love is blind. Despite already having a fiancee in Felmina he threw her away, and was prepared to throw away his own position and everything in order to win over Sophia. Currently he, Sophia and Felmina are all working under Shiro. Somehow this love-triangle is like a minor scene of carnage.

Jigris ジグリス

An ex-follower of Sophia. A teacher at the demon academy. After breaking away from Sophia’s charm, it seems he’s reflecting upon his actions.

Kara カラー

An ex-follower of Sophia. Something like a rival to Waldo.

Nitara ニタラ

An ex-follower of Sophia. The younger brother of army commander Hyuui. After his elder brother died in the war and having broken away from Sophia’s charm, the shock was so great that he has become a shut-in.

Shivy シヴィ

An ex-follower of Sophia. Having broken away from Sophia’s charm but having not lost his admiration for her strength, he took a calculated risk to follow Sophia in joining Shiro’s army.

Warkis ワーキス

The ex-commander of the 7th Demon King Army. Deceased. Judging that there was not enough resources for the demons to fight the humans, he planned a coup d’état to topple the Demon King. Shiro picked up on his actions beforehand, and the uprising was suppressed before it started due to Blow.

Ael アエル

A type of monster that is called a Puppet Taratek and are Ariel’s subordinates. She was placed in the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion for communication with the pope. In the published edition, her siblings Sael, Riel and Fiel appear.

Queen Taratekt (Mother) クイーンタラテクト・マザー

A gigantic spider monster from the Elro Great Labyrinth. The real mother of Shiro in her current life. When she tried to use the skill called Kin Domination on Shiro, her mind was devoured in return instead.

Queen Taratekt (Elf Forest) クイーンタラテクト・エルフの森

The Queen Taratekt that was in the Elf Forest. She prowled around the elf village, as a restraint on Potimas. During the elf village battle she was beaten by one of Potimas’s weapons.

Anareich Kingdom

The people of the Anareich Kingdom.

The King of Anareich アナレイト国王

His real name is Sirius. His name appears in the published edition’s chronology. Deceased. The father of Shun and Julius and the king of the Kingdom of Anareich. He was neither a foolish king nor a great king but an ordinary king, for better or worse. He cherished his family, treasuring his children and wives. During normal times he would likely have been able to rule safely, but due to the schemes of a certain spider he had the pitiful last moments of being murdered by his own daughter.

Cyris サイリス

The First Prince of the Anareich Kingdom. The eldest son of the queen and thus first in line to the throne. If nothing unusual had happened he would have become the king, but Julius who was the child of a concubine became the Hero, and Julius’s younger brother became the next Hero, so due to his impatience with his other siblings gaining in fame, his personally gradually became twisted. Having inherited the ordinary qualities of his father, his reputation was entirely one of being neither good nor bad. Due to participating in the scheme of a certain spider he staged a coup d’état.

Leston レストン

The Third Prince of the Anareich Kingdom. A prince born to a different concubine than Julius and Shun. Abandoning his duties as a prince and behaving wildly was a pretence he faked in order to appeal to others that he had no interest in the throne. He made use of the spare time that gave him to sympathise with the true world peace that the elves touted. While he had once lost his life during the coup d’état staged by Cyris, he was resurrected by Shun.

Raylecia レイレシア

The First Princess of the Anareich Kingdom. The elder sister of Julius and Shun, born to a different concubine. She is currently married in a foreign country. Her name appears in the published edition’s chronology

Sue スー

The Second Princess of the Anareich Kingdom. Born to the queen, like Cyris. Her real name is Suelecia. Since she and Shun were born at almost exactly the same time, they were brought up together. While doing so, she got up to all sorts of tricks with Shun, and as a result of unconsciously idolising him as an older brother, her feelings towards Shun eventually crossed the line between an older brother and younger sister. As a result of having the raw talent to even rival the reincarnators, she came to be considerably hated by her true elder brother Cyris. Her talent got her marked out by a certain spider, and she was used. Having now being released from various things, the yandere younger sister has been unleashed. What will Yamada’s future be!?

The Queen 王妃

The mother of Cyris and Sue. Being obsessed with political power, she made plans to place her own son Cyris on the throne. There are plausible rumours circulating that the mother of Julius and Shun might have been assassinated on the orders of this queen.

The Third Princess Consort 第三側妃

The mother of Julius and Shun. Died shortly after Shun was born.

The First and Second Princess Consorts 第一、第二側妃

The mothers of Raylecia and Leston respectively.

Anna アナ

A half-elf attendant who has served the royal family for successive generations of kings. Like a foster parent to Shun and Sue. As a first-class magic-user, she is an attendant who will fight to protect royalty in time of need. Having feelings of guilt starting from when the brainwashing on her came undone, she is accompanying Shun to the elf village. During the elf village battle she received a fatal wound, and was resurrected by Shun. That became the trigger for Shun’s Taboo skill hitting max level.

Clevea クレベア

Like Anna, an attendant who exclusively serves Shun and Sue. In her past she was a heroine who served the kingdom as a knight, and has a muscular body that seems unbelieveable for a woman. She retired due to age as a pretext, but during the coup d’état she and Leston came running together to help.

Duke and Duchess Anabald アナバルト公爵夫妻

The father and mother of Katia. A duke who has a strong influence in the Anareich Kingdom.

Palton パルトン

A classmate of Shun at the academy. The son of a knight. Actually, in the original plan he was going to accompany Shun on his journey instead of Katia, but it was tossed.

Oriza オリザ

A teacher at the academy. A middle-aged magic-user with little motivation. Actually, in the original plan he was going to accompany Shun on his journey instead of Anna, but it was tossed. In the original plan there was going to be no female presence except for sensei, so it was going to be a trip full of guys! Or something like that.

Rengzand Empire

The people of the Rengzand Empire.

Sword Emperor 剣帝

The ruler of the Rengzand Empire. Yuugo’s father. While he had skill in government, his ability with a sword is average despite being the Sword Emperor. A pitiful person who is being underestimated because the previous Sword Emperor was too great. As a result he is being treated with contempt by the other nobles of the Empire, and is suffering under that weight. In the end, he was brainwashed by his own son and had his real power stolen. In this world maybe royalty tend to suffer misfortune?

Ronant ロナント

WEIRDO. The chief of the imperial court wizards. The most prominent magic-user in the world, an amazing person who has even mastered Space Magic. Yet, he’s still a WEIRDO after all. He’s probably the strongest genuine human around. As Julius’s master, he was somewhat concerned about him. At the beginning he was supposed to have a trivial role, but he got going as one of the established characters unnoticed. Right now he’s one of the major characters. Wow, these WEIRDOs are amazin’, right. However, he was totally ignored by Shiro.

Aurel オーレル

An imperial court wizard. Second only to Ronant, and is Ronant’s Apprentice No.2. Originally she was the daughter of a low-ranking noble, and originally entered Ronant’s service as an attendant, but became an apprentice before she noticed, and became an imperial court wizard before she noticed. For herself the situation is like “How did all this happen!?”. Amongst the imperial court wizards, even her elders refer to her as “nee-san”. Then, while surrounded by the WEIRDOs in the imperial court wizards, her marriageable age came and went.

Ronant’s apprentices ロナントの弟子たち

Ronant’s apprentices. Despite displaying the same eccentricities as their master, they are stalwarts who were trained hard enough by their master that they developed a bitter opinion of him.

Buirims ブイリムス

A summoner who participated in a unit from the Imperial Army. Not only does he have great ability as a summoner, he is a skilled leader who is also a first-class warrior. Despite that, he failed in the mission to confirm and subjugate a powerful monster in the Elro Great Labyrinth. That monster, a certain spider, annihilated the contingent and he barely escaped alive. Forced to take on the responsibility by himself, he was relegated to the Magic Mountain Range. Some time after being relegated he found out that his daughter had been kidnapped, and while attempting to achieve a great feat that would somehow allow him to return to the Empire he raided a village of goblins. As a result, he triggered Wrath’s Wrath skill and was murdered. A victim who was tossed around by the reincarnators.

Nyudoz ニュドズ

A general in the Imperial Army. Deceased. A virtuoso swordsman who was called the Sword Saint. An old veteran who bestrode battlefields together with the previous Sword Emperor. Combined with having an excessively hot-blooded character, he is a lively old man who was always shouting in a loud voice. His original social standing was low, and he was shunned by the nobles because of that, but he was loved by his subordinates. He was defeated by Wrath in the Human-Demon Great War and killed in action.

Teeba ティーバ

Only appears in the published edition. A general in the Imperial Army.

Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team エルロー大迷宮異変調査部隊

A contingent of knights who were dispatched from the Empire, tasked with the investigation of an abnormality in the Elro Great Labyrinth. They generally consisted of the second and third sons and so on of nobles who had little chance to inherit. The first people to officially make the Nightmare of the Labyrinth known to the world.

Goto ゴトー

An A-ranked adventurer in the Empire. One of the few survivors of the unique ogre extermination.

Negg ネッグ

An A-ranked adventurer in the Empire. Made a mistake during the unique ogre extermination and died.

Rukusso ルクッソ

An adventurer in the Empire. Brought information about the unique orge to the guild.

Kohan, Agiris, Kuwas, Regen コハン、アギリス、クワン、レゲン

Adventurers in the Empire. Made mistakes during the unique ogre extermination and died.

The Hero Party

The members of the party led by Julius.

Julius ユリウス

The Hero and Second Prince of the Anareich Kingdom. Shun’s elder brother, born to the same mother. Deceased. A hero-like Hero who possessed both a noble spirit and kindness. Shun didn’t get caught up in power struggles because was always admiring his brother as he grew up. As the Hero, he was highly active in trying to save as many people as possible. But, having lost his mother at a young age, and having been defeated by the Nightmare of the Labyrinth and such like, he had also experienced frustrations. He was troubled by the gulf between his ideals and the reality, but he still tried to pursue his ideals. Even though he crushed Blow during the Human-Demon Great War, he lost to Shiro and was killed in action. The muffler he used as a memento was passed on to Shun.

Hyrinth ハイリンス

A childhood friend of Julius, and the successor to a prestigious noble family. Performs the role of the shield of the party, stopping the attacks of the enemy with his own body. Being childhood friends with Julius he is aware of his disposition, and their relationship is one of being close friends and comrades in arms. Being the only survivor of the Hero Party, he is taking action together with Shun. In truth he is actually one of Gyurie’s clones. He has been watching over Julius and Shun from the shadows.

Yana ヤーナ

The Saint who serves Julius. A specialist in Light Magic and Recovery Magic, she serves as the rear guard in the party. She loved Julius, and made advances on him constantly, but he smoothly evaded her. While Julius had also noticed Yana’s feelings, he thought that since he was chasing his ideals and always participating in fighting then he wouldn’t be able to make her happy if they married, so he wasn’t able to respond to her feelings. She died together with Julius during the Human-Demon Great War.

Jiskan ジスカン

An ex-adventurer. The eldest member of the Hero Party, having a wealth of experience. For that reason, while he often argues with Julius, when things get critical his position is more one of an adviser stating his opinion. Having mastered various weapons, he is a battle expert and skillful warrior who will change his way of fighting to match the situation. He died together with Julius during the Human-Demon Great War.

Hawkin ホーキン

An ex-thief. Although he was a thief, he was actually the kind of chivalrous thief who would rip off money from vicious nobles and merchants. Julius found him after he had been caught and was just about to be turned into a slave, with the end result that he joined the Hero Party. His combat ability is the weakest in the Hero Party, but because he’s well versed in the dark side of society, he’s a semi-support member who aids Julius’s actions from the shadows. He died together with Julius during the Human-Demon Great War.

The others

Other people who live in various regions.

Potimas Hyphenath ポティマス・ハァイフェナス

The elf patriarch. The Ruler of Diligence who has survived since before the System was put into operation. In general he is the Primary Perpetrator. In general he is the Primary Perpetrator. This is important, so it is mentioned twice. He discovered MA Energy before the System was put into operation, and he is the main reason why the planet was driven to the brink of collapse. His goal is perpetual youth and longevity. Being entirely focused on not wanting to die he threw the world into a maelstrom of chaos. Both a genius and a natural calamity. He evolved himself into a new species known as the elves, and is continuing his research in order to achieve true perpetual youth and longevity. After the System was put into operation he was threatened by Gyurie to behave himself, and being frightened of that he shut himself inside the barrier. Even so, he got up to various things behind the scenes leading to the current situation. He was defeated by Ariel in the elf village battle, and finally extinguished. While suffering from an obsession of never wanting the end to come, the end finally arrived. Conceptually, he is the worst possible small-fry.

Translation note: “Both a genius and a natural calamity” – a bit of a pun since “genius” (天才) and “natural calamity” (天災) are both read as “tensai” in Japanese.

Dustin the 61st ダスティン六十一世

The Pope of the Divine Word Religion. Even after dying he inherits his memory after reincarnating with his Temperance skill, and is the Ruler of Temperance. Using that ability he has been supporting the humans from behind the scenes since ancient times. While he is given a new name by his parents each time he reincarnates, on becoming the pope he assumes the name of Dustin. After trying to sacrifice Sariel to save the humans in the past, he is willing to sacrifice anything if he can accomplish his mission of saving the humans. Due that strong will he has been taking action for a long time. While being the head of a religion that worships god, he is a cool-headed statesman who will not even hesitate to kill a god. Even Gyurie and Ariel admit that mentally he is a monster.

The Divine Word Religion Dark Ops 神言教暗部

Humans within the Divine Word Religion who are given code names like A6, I4 and so on. An elite group who work as the pope’s hand and feet, who will at times throw down their lives unhesitatingly. They are all special forces that are masters of the art.

John Keren ジョン・ケレン

The lord of the Keren territory in the country of Sariera. Sophia’s father. Deceased. His name appears in the published edition. An excellent lord of the Keren territory that borders the country of Otsu. Taking up opposition against the country of Otsu due to the monster they referred to as the Nightmare of the Labyrinth, he got dragged into a war. He tried his best to avoid the war, but since the country of Otsu was backed by the Divine Word Religion for their own motives, he was politically isolated, lost the possibility to escape and died. On the verge of death he entrusted Sophia to Merazofis.

Seras セラス

John’s wife and Sophia’s mother. Deceased. Merazofis loved her. A pious believer of the Goddess Religion, she was convinced that the Nightmare of the Labyrinth was a Divine Beast. A warm and easygoing naturally airheaded beauty. Devoted to her husband, she failed to notice Merazofis’s feelings – a sinful woman. Wanting to be with her husband until their last moments, they passed on together.

Noiria ノイリア

An attendant serving the Keren family. She was given the duty of fleeing together with Merazofis and Sophia, but she was killed in an attack from the elves.

Basgas バスガス

An elder guide who operates in the Elro Great Labyrinth. Having more complete knowledge about the Elro Great Labyrinth upper layer than any other, he is a first-class warrior and resourceful guide. After encountering the Nightmare of the Labyrinth, that became a trauma for him and he retired as a guide. Afterwards, feeling there was some kind of fate he became a guide for Shun and co. Incidentally, he hasn’t exploded.

Goief ゴイエフ

A man who works as a guide in the Elro Great Labyrinth. Basgas’s son. He has acted as a guide for Julius and co in the past. While he has considerable talent as a guide, he refused to be a guide for Shun and co who were on the wanted list.

The Previous Sword Emperor 先代剣帝

His real name is Reigar. A fine old man who retired and handed over the throne of the Sword Emperor to his son. If Ronant is the strongest in magic, then he is the strongest with the sword. Despite being overwhelmingly inferior in status values, he was able to use his finesse to compete with Wrath even with the Wrath skill activated. But, in his last moments he was unable to fend off Wrath and was defeated.

Gordo ゴルドー

An adventurer in the Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team. His name appears in the published edition.

Rekin, Onjin, Gaikun, Joria, Justo, Burdon レキン、オンジン、ガイクン、ジョリア・ジュストー、バードン

Adventurers in the Elro Great Labyrinth Abnormality Investigation Team. Their names appear in the published edition.

Monsters

The happy monsters.

frog 蛙

The frog, that’s all!

the siblings 兄弟

There’s lots of them! But almost none survived!

Translation note: This is referring to Kumoko’s spider siblings.

Elro Pekatot エルローペカトット

The strange creature that takes an active part in the manga edition.

deer 鹿

A guy who only showed up in Appraisal. Briefly appeared in the 2nd volume of the published edition.

bat 蝙蝠

A guy who only showed up in Appraisal.

wolf 狼

A guy who only showed up in Appraisal.

petrification lizard 石化蜥蜴

The Basilisk. The first experience of the terror of petrification.

the three good buddies 三匹仲良しこよし

The bunch who are always together in groups of three. Unfortunately for them, they don’t gain wisdom as a trio.

centipede ゲジ

There’s lots of them. They’re crawling all over the place. Gross, nasty.

small rock turtle 岩子亀

Just like its name, a turtle with a rock. Even young ones are quite big and tough.

mouse ネズミ

They’re not like something from some fairy tale. Definitely not.

snake 蛇

A rather dangerous monster amongst those in the Elro Great Labyrinth upper layer. Big, long and thick.

bee 蜂

Worker bee. Why are such dangerous creatures like the Asian giant hornet living in Japan? Who knows.

Earth Dragon Alaba 地龍アラバ

During the first encounter it was not a nice opponent. If this was a game, it would at the level where you throw the controller in disgust.

Greater Taratekt グレータータラテクト

A big member of the spider army. Strong.

praying mantis 蟷螂

Praying mantis style with six bladed arms.

snail insect タニシ虫

Don’t eat it okay!? Absolutely don’t eat it okay!?

mysterious creature 謎生物

A walleye pollack. No, ignore that.

pillbug ダンゴムシ

A pillbug with the head of a mouse. If these appeared in a fairy tale the children would cry.

monkey 猿

Avenger. Absolutely does not forgive those who kill their brethren. Ook.

huge monkey 巨猿

These things aren’t monkeys, okay…. More like they’re definitely descended from Saiya-jin.

Earth Dragon Kaguna 地龍カグナ

Guys like this should definitely not appear at the start of the story. Demand to see the designer!

seahorse タツノオトシゴ

Be bitten by the terror of the terrain! They’re excessively cute in the manga edition.

catfish ナマズ

Cute. The idol of the middle layer.

dog 犬

They’re cute as expected. Aren’t there too many cuties in the middle layer?

sphere 玉

Some kind of weird sphere.

fire frog 火蛙

A frog that has adapted to fire. Frogs are a bit too amazing, hey.

eel ウナギ

Not cute. Also strong. Long, big and thick.

Fire Drake 火竜

Not cute. They also swarm. They’re strong, but they became victims. Victims that fell to the threat known as inflation.

Translation note: Inflation in the sense of exponential character growth.

Fire Dragon Rendo 火龍レンド

Like the Earth Dragons, a guy so nasty you’d also want to send a complaint to the designer. Despite that, was crushed by the protagonist at the start of the inflation period. This is definitely strange!

Earth Drake 地竜

A dinosaur from the upper layer. Didn’t the dinosaurs go extinct…?

Earth Dragon Geere 地龍ゲエレ

An athlete-like dragon.

Earth Dragon Fuito 地龍フイト

A jack of all trades and master of none-like dragon. If it had reached adulthood it might have become like Alaba.

Arch Taratekt アークタラテクト

A dangerous member of the spider army. If faced normally it’d normally be strong, but it was entrapped by an underhanded technique and killed.

pig 豚

A delicious monster from outside the Elro Great Labyrinth.

Wind Drake 風竜

The master of the mountain that readily challenged intruders to its turf, only to be easily crushed.

Water Drake 水竜

Caught like a fish.

Water Dragon 水龍

Caught like a fish.

the babies ベイビーズ

The Remnants of the Nightmare. They’re not mother-cons okay, they’re just full of filial piety okay.

Earth Dragon Gakia 地龍ガキア

The leader of the Earth Dragons. Amongst the monsters the strength is first-class. Yet, that didn’t work against the Demon King who was outside the norm.

ant 蟻

Worker ants. They were simply minding their own business underground yet they were wiped out.

robots ロボ

They’re monsters? They’re not actually monsters but they’re somewhat similar, probably.

goblins ゴブリン

An excessively noble combat style group. They have a custom of handing over flower amulets for those warriors who have passed away.

ogre オーガ

A somewhat strong humanoid monster. For goblins to be strong, this world is strange indeed.

Ice Dragon 氷龍

The guardian of the Magic Mountain Range. Yet another one that’s so strong you’d want to complain to the designer, yet the furious ogre was much worse.

The Past Arc

The people who appeared in the past arc.

Potimas Hyphenath ポティマス・ハァイフェナス

In general he is the Primary Perpetrator.

Ariel アリエル

A victim of Potimas’s human experiments. Having a constitution where she had to keep eating easily digestible food, and having a body that produced toxins that were eating away at it, she was born with serious defects as a living creature. For that reason, it was unavoidable that she spent her days in bed.

Kura クラ

One of the children gathered at the orphanage who were victims of Potimas’s human experiments. A blind boy who was the eldest amongst the orphans. Later he was the first Hero and also the first Ruler of Patience. He continued to battle while crying tears of blood, yet he saw out his life without killing humans.

Natalie ナタリー

A child from the orphanage. A girl with slightly pointed ears. The prototype for elves. Later she was the first Saint and the first Ruler of Charity. She supported Kura, and continued to heal the injured.

Gob ゴブ

A child from the orphanage. A timid boy with green skin. His nickname is Gob-gob. Knowing that he had a short life span, he fought in order to protect the other children. In doing so he received a flower bookmark from Ariel, but the day never came when he could return it to her.

Foddway フォドゥーイ

A donor who contributed to the Sariera Society’s funds. He was an authority in the financial world, but he became a vampire during a certain incident, and was forced to retire from the world stage. Later he was the first Demon King and the first Ruler of Pride. He turned people into vampire troops, and tormented people for a long time.

Dustin ダスティン

The President of the country of Dazdoldia. He continued to reject MA Energy, forbidding the use of it within his country. After the System was put into operation he was busily engaged in gathering the people together. Later he became the Ruler of Temperance. His physical body died around that time, but his spirit spanned across many generations to continue to protect the people.

Gods

The gods.

Gyuriedistodiez ギュリエディストディエス

The Black Dragon. His nickname is Gyurie. Before the System was put into operation he was a young dragon. He had flexible thinking because of that, was then marked by Foddway, and eventually his way of thinking diverged from that of the dragons. However, precisely because of that he was stuck between a rock and a hard place with regards to the humans the dragons and Sariel, and while being unable to decide what action to take the situation changed around him. He has continued to regret that he couldn’t make a choice, yet he still chose to allow himself to be swept along without making a choice.

Sariel サリエル

A stray angel. Since ancient times and before mankind developed civilisation she has continued to perform her mission to protect the primitive creatures. However, while watching over mankind she started to deviate from her mission, and she started to give priority to mankind. She is unable to understand her own feelings, and can only think mechanically and with underdeveloped emotions. Later on she would cause tragedies to be amplified. Currently she forms the nexus of the System, used in place of a battery. Because her energy has been continuously exploited for many years, she is on the verge of death.

the dragons 龍

A bunch who has gotten up to all sorts of things. The supreme race (LOL). However, because there were only weak lower-ranking dragons on the planet the story is set on, even the strongest of them couldn’t beat Sariel. While it is true that the strongest dragon was crushed by Meido-san in the past, that simply shows how strange Meido-san is.

D

The god of the end. Self-proclaimed Evil God. Overall she is the Secondary Perpetrator. Being especially strong even for a god, she is a pillar amongst the gods of the highest rank. She created the System with the motive that it seemed interesting, but despite presenting a method to save Sariel and the planet, she is the cause of Gyurie suffering for a long time. Despite all that, once she completed her updates to the System, there weren’t really any dramatic developments so she lost interest and neglected it. The explosion was more or less her just deserts. It was intolerable that the other reincarnators got caught up in it. Shiro, who overall is the Tertiary Perpetrator, was originally created by her as well. She shakes up the story just for the sake of shaking it up for herself looking on as a spectator, and is the worst trickster. Incidentally, she is the perfect example of Potimas’s ideal of perpetual youth and longevity. Thus, no matter how hard you try it is impossible to overthrow her. She is a god who will see with her own eyes the end of the universe, thus the god of the end.

Meido-san 冥土さん

The strongest god. A woman dressed as a maid who drags D around telling her do her job. She seems gentle in appearance, and is a Yamato Nadeshiko type beautiful woman who is well suited for wearing Japanese clothes. Yet she wears maid clothes. Incidentally, she simply wears them as her hobby, and it’s not like she is D’s maid. Her position is that of a highest rank god like D. In pure combat terms she exceeds D and is the strongest god. She’s one of the few who are able to physically silence D and put a stop to her antics. However, it’s D’s quality to be able to evade her supervision, escape and get up to no good – such an annoyance. Because she focused on combat strength to the very limit, she is weak at other things. It’s not like she can’t do them though. While her subordinates tell her “please sit still” and treat her like a hindrance, it’s not like she can’t do them. Definitely not. If you read “218 A maid appears” again, you might see a different side to her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter les3: Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Oshiete D-sensei! Lesson 3

D「Welcome back to Oshiete D-se

slice

M「Oh my? Oh my my! Your neck has dropped off so skillfully! Perhaps this could be used as a regular trick at parties? 」

D「It hurts so I shall refrain.」

M「Since you can talk with just your head, I guess your body is not needed then? Okay, finely chopped…」

D「Ahh! My beautiful body has become a corpse that cannot be shown without using mosaic censorship.」

M「Even though you have been reduced to just a head it is highly aggravating that you are so composed.」

D「I have perpetual youth and longevity after all.」

M「First of all, as a punishment for your mischief you shall be a freshly severed head until this corner ends. Okay?」

D「How callous.」

M「O K A Y ?」

D「Yes Ma’am!」

M「Very good.」

D「Starting once again, it is time for the third “Oshiete D-sensei”. Since I am a freshly severed head the tension is somewhat lowered.」

M「Of course it is. If it was not then it would not be punishment.」

D「Sigh. Nai wa. My perfect body has been left in such a cruel state. Nai wa.」

M「Hurry up and proceed.」

D「Yeah, yeah. Well, so that my beauty is unimpaired even as a freshly severed head, cameraman, please use an angle so that anything below my neck does not show.」

M「There is no cameraman. If you do not hurry up and proceed how about I step on you?」

D「Well then, I shall pull myself together and get the show started. For the explanation this time, I wish to roughly cover the Past Arc. Well, to put the Past Arc in a single phrase, it is generally Potimas’s fault! The end.」

M「How blunt.」

D「But it is practically true as well. The stage for the Past Arc is the same planet as the main story but from long ago. At that time it consisted of a scientific civilisation that was slightly superior to that of the current Earth. In that sense there was not much difference to Earth, but there was in fact two large differences. That was the existence of the stray angel Sariel, and the existence of the dragons.」

M「They were nearer the gods in other words.」

D「Indeed they were. That being said, only a few humans knew that Sariel was a god though, and the dragons also quietly passed the time in order to not provocate Sariel, so they did not have a big influence. As a mental image, perhaps you could consider it as being like Earth where Godzilla actually exists.」

M「I have a feeling that that is a bit off though.」

D「Well, I am not really sure what you mean, but for now imagine that there is this ridiculously strong creature there. The dragons cannot be beaten by mankind. If they are not provoked then they stay quiet. However, if you make a move on them then things become terrible. While that much is considered common knowledge, the fact that dragons are gods, or the fact that they came from outer space is not generally known. Such things might have been vaguely conveyed to the oddballs who worship the dragons though.」

M「There was a Dragon Religion, right?」

D「Yes. They probably went behind Sariel’s back to instil the idea into people that the dragons are the supreme race. The people who took that literally became believers.」

M「From the point of view of humans, dragons are higher ranked creatures after all. It is perhaps inevitable that they would gather a certain amount of religious faith.」

D「As a result of those beliefs, not just money but their entire fortunes were taken. Blech.」

M「Please do not say blech with a serious expression. It is frankly disgusting.」

D「How dare you use a word like disgusting against this freshly severed head of a transcendentally beautiful girl!」

M「Just being a freshly severed head is disgusting.」

D「Sob sob.」

M（So irritating.）

D「Well anyway, that is enough about the dragons. The one who had an eye on the mysterious power of the dragons, was the Primary Perpetrator that everyone knows, Potimas Hyphenath. He was being consumed with not wanting to die, and was researching perpetual youth and longevity. But, of course such a thing could not be realised. But since he could not give up, he had an eye on the magecraft that the dragons used. And dareingly, he kidnapped a baby dragon. He began an analysis of the dragons.」

M「This incident was the trigger that led to the encounter between Sariel and Gyurie was it not.」

D「Yes. Gyurie the young dragon. And, Sariel the guardian of mankind. It was a chance meeting between these two. At first they were in opposition, or rather a relationship where Gyurie just one-sidedly criticised her, but before he noticed it that relationship changed.」

M「It was more or less entirely on Gyurie’s side though.」

D「You should not point that out. Well, while those two were going through a slow and awkward stage, Potimas continued his investigation into magecraft, and discovered the power that cannot be seen, MA Energy. The energy he had discovered, was in fact the life force of the planet. It is a dangerous energy to use, as it would push the planet into decline, and eventually cause the planet to collapse. However, even while knowing that, he still made the existence of MA Energy known to the world. The reason being, is that if MA Energy is used, then it would be possible for mankind to evolve. The evolved humans would have elevated physical abilities, and prolonged life spans. Indeed, it was a glimpse of the perpetual youth and longevity that Potimas was seeking.」

M「That being said, it was neither perennial youth nor longevity, and what Potimas was seeking still seemed a long way off.」

D「Indeed. For that reason, Potimas had to perform even more research. However, his repeated and cruel experiments on living people were eventually discovered, and he became an internationally wanted criminal. His research had required an enormous amount of capital, and dependable facilities. Because he had to obtain those no matter what, he required the assistance of various countries. For that reason, he announced the revolutionary energy called MA Energy, and using that as bait he was able to receive support from various countries behind closed doors. He hid the inconvenient aspects about MA Energy.」

M「How dirty. Truly, how dirty.」

D「Presumably the reason why he also announced the method for evolving mankind, was not simply to grasp the hearts of the rich, but perhaps also with the goal of clinical experiments.」

M「I guess all you can say is “as expected of Potimas”.」

D「Naturally, the dragons did not stay silent about this. Of course the dragons knew the truth about MA Energy, so they immediately informed mankind that it must not be used. However, mankind did not comply with that. As a result, the dragons set out to exterminate mankind.」

M「That is how dragons are.」

D「Indeed, that bunch look down on all other creatures after all. For them it was no different to performing pest extermination. Even though they themselves are just vermin who came from outer space.」

M「The discussion is digressing.」

D「Oops. Well then, we should return to the story. Mankind had no way of opposing the dragons, and they sustained heavy damage, but this is where everyone’s goddess Sariel took action. She saved mankind from the evil influence of the dragons. Whee, so awesome.」

M「Indeed.」

D「Well, the ones at fault were the humans who were using up the planet’s life force like crazy, so from the standpoint of having to safeguard the planet no matter what, you could say that Sariel’s actions were both right and wrong. However, while Sariel’s actions made the situation more complicated when seen objectively, from the point of view of mankind she was surely their saviour. If Sariel had not been there then all joking aside mankind could have gone extinct.」

M「Certainly. When Sariel’s actions are seen from various angles, they look completely different I guess.」

D「From the point of view of mankind she was their saviour. From the point of view of the dragons she was a hopelessly faulty angel who was protecting the insects. I guess you could say that the dragons were completely fed up. Serves them right.」

M「If they had only cried themselves to sleep in frustration they could have been loveable.」

D「It is futile to expect such things from that lot. Indeed, the dragons made the situation worse. They snatched up the remaining MA Energy and fled into space – how outrageous! That lot stole something completely outrageous.」

M「You simply wanted to say that, right?」

D「They truly did run off with something completely outrageous though. That started the countdown to the planet’s collapse. The only way to stop that was to replenish the lost energy. And, then method that was considered for doing so, was to offer up Sariel as a sacrifice. And of course, the one to propose this method, was the Primary Perpetrator that everyone knows, Potimas. Not only that, but this method would not actually succeed, and Potimas was contriving to run off with the energy gained by decomposing Sariel.」

M「How dirty.」

D「Mankind chose to repay the kindness that was received in saving them with ingratitude. At that moment, the Goddess of Salvation appeared! In other words, me!」

M「Salvation (LOL) indeed. Yeah, as if.」

D「That is not the case at all-l. A proper path for salvation was in fact provided-d. The Primary Perpetrator for the current situation was Potimas after all-l.」

M「It is frustrating that you are not technically wrong.」

D「Upon my magnificent arrival, life-support was provided for the planet and Sariel, and Sariel was used as the nexus to activate the System. This System would recover the power inside the souls of living creatures upon death, and that would be used to supplement the lost MA Energy. Also, so that it could be recovered again and again, with this kind plan people would be reborn on this planet after dying.」

M「How is that “kind”……」

D「The power inside souls increases due to fighting. For that reason, the people of that world will continue to fight. Until they have finished repaying the debt.」

M「Hearing it that way, it sounds like gladiator slavery.」

D「It is somewhat similar. And so, that’s the rough flow of events in the Past Arc.」

M「Wait a moment please. You have left out an important matter.」

D「What would those be?」

M「Why do you think you have been turned into a freshly severed head? Is it not the case that the reason why the general Primary Perpetrator in Potimas Hyphenath was deliberately left alive was because you wanted it? If you had not said something strange to Gyurie, he would have quickly killed Potimas and that planet should have been saved in a much nicer way. Why did you do something like that?」

D「Eh? Obviously because it would be more interesting that w…

slice

M「Well then, this is it for today. Good-bye.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 301: I suffered from a nightmare of not showing up for about half a year
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

301 – I suffered from a nightmare of not showing up for about half a year

Good morning. I have just woken up. Unfortunately, I can not use the adjective “refreshing” to describe the morning though.

The place where I spent the night sleeping, was in an undamaged house in the elf village. Just like the elf houses that would show up in stories, it is a tree house embedded inside a tree. Hmm, a tree house? Yup, well, calling it that ain’t wrong. Probably. Truly the joys of fantasy. Or rather, fairy tales. Normally when I sleep I shut myself in a My Home, but when I saw this thing, I simply wanted to try staying the night.

But unfortunately, I wasn’t able to sleep comfortably. Since it’s just after a battle and all. Thanks to the sea urchins and the triangular pyramid secret weapons of Potimas really doing a number on the place, this forest that was once overflowing with greenery, is now completely burnt. Basically, it stinks of smoke. Although this place is a considerable distance from the burnt areas, the smell still drifts in.

Besides, the original owner of this place was an elf. Just that alone makes me feels slightly nauseous. On top of that, I killed all the original residents myself as well. It’s not like I’m scared of ghosts or grudges from beyond or something, but I don’t feel good about it either.

In conclusion, rather than feeling like a nice and relaxing house, it was just too uncomfortable and no good. It might have given a different impression if I was just stopping by for the night during a trip, but the situation is what it is. I couldn’t sleep comfortably and it kinda felt like I had a bad dream too. Just when this huge job is finally over and all, I had thought I’d be able sleep well you know. Well, that “huge job” basically meant massacring the elves though, so I guess I wouldn’t be able to feel good on waking up after all.

The huge job of utterly destroying the elf village. The purpose of which was to kill Potimas of course. In general it’s his fault that this planet has gotten into such a messed-up state after all. Beating down the ringleader means that the distortions will be corrected a little bit. That was the job this time. Well, the Demon King had a fateful connection with Potimas as well, so there was that aspect too though.

To be honest, I have mixed feelings about turning over the role of dealing with Potimas to the Demon King. During the battle with Potimas, the Demon King was able to accomplish her heart’s desire and finish him off. However, the cost was huge. As a side-effect of the battle, it’s become almost impossible for the Demon King to fight anymore. It’s not only that. Or rather even more significantly, especially for me, is that the Demon King has only a short time left to live.

The Demon King assumed the role of Demon King because she felt that her life was coming to an end in the first place. Physically, the Demon King does have perennial youth, but her soul had almost reached its limits. She intuitively felt that she would die in the near future. That being said, that was from the perspective of the Demon King’s ridiculously long life. From the perspective of a normal human, she would still have plenty of time left. And now her remaining time has fallen drastically, due to her battle with Potimas.

When I look at the Demon King now, it seems like it wouldn’t be strange for her to die at any moment. When I see that, naturally I can’t help but think about whether it really was a good idea to let her fight Potimas. Even though the Demon King requested it herself, maybe it would have been better if I had adamantly refused her instead.

But, at the same time, thanks to the Demon King taking on Potimas, because I was able to finish things without wasting my energy reserves, the calculations inside my head have also became rather pleasant. What was gained from the Demon King being at death’s door, was a valuable victory, but that is only when measured mathematically. Even if I do say so myself, this aspect of me is garbage. I hate myself.

Hm, well, let’s think about something else. What has happened in the past cannot be changed. I will contemplate what happened. But, I won’t regret it. To regret something means that you are denying what you yourself had done after all. Whatever happens, you gotta accept it, then use it as a source of encouragement to move on.

Now then. In that case, in order to move forwards maybe I should check up on the prisoners first.

The ones who became prisoners from this battle, starts with Yamada-kun’s party. Then there’s the reincarnators who were confined in the elf village in the name of protection. In addition there’s sensei, the only surviving elf. The end. In other words, almost all of them are reincarnators. I damn well killed all the elves after all.

The elves are a race that use clones of Potimas as a base. Combining Potimas’s clones with people who were reconstructed into elves or their descendants, is where the race of elves comes from. It sure seems that before the elves went around kidnapping the reincarnators that they were doing such kidnappings already. Then, those kidnapped people were reconstructed into elves, and had children with Potimas’s clones. If just Potimas’s clones were used then there would have been too much genetic imbalance after all. The children who are born that way are raised to be elves.

Qualitatively, that means that the majority of the elves are Potimas’s blood relatives. Not so much a species as a clan of relatives? Well anyway, that’s why it was better to eradicate the elves, one way or another. The exceptions are sensei and the half-elves. Sensei is one thing, but it would be a major pain to also take measures against the half-elves. My eyes are not omnipotent. There are places that they cannot reach for a start, and they can also miss things. While I think it’s best to eradicate the elves as much as possible, dealing with all the ones outside of this elf village would be a major task. Missing some of them would be well, rather inevitable, right. So for that reason, I’ll ignore the powerless ones with no connection to the elves. Therefore, I decided to also ignore the half-elf that was in Yamada-kun’s party.

Apparently that half-elf had already died once though, but it doesn’t count okay. She was revived so it’s fine. It seems that Yamada-kun collapsed because of that, but it’s not my problem! Not at all! What happens afterwards isn’t my problem either!

Um, yeah. As for what will happen to Yamada-kun, I’m a bit worried but I guess it’s no good to avoid it huh? It’s probably my fault that Yamada-kun collapsed anyway. It was that, right? It’s probably that he hit max level in Taboo, right? Oh my, what if he’s already gone insane or something when I go visit him…… Ah, scary.

Or rather, do I really have to go explain this to the other reincarnators and stuff? Can’t I just leave everything to oni-kun? Having to open my mouth to talk is troublesome. In a way, after taking down the elf village it’s like I have an even more difficult quest waiting for me. So depressing. For now, I guess I’ll just wait-and-see huh.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 302: Piles of corpses everywhere
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

302 – Piles of corpses everywhere

There was a mountain of corpses stacked up at the place I went to. No, seriously. This is not a metaphor, this is real.

This mountain of corpses comes from the Imperial Army that invaded the elf village and has since become a shadow of its former self. The Imperial Army that Natsume-kun led came this far, fought with the elves, and then on top of that they were attacked in a pincer movement by the Demon King Army, went through hell and collapsed. Of course there are many survivors, but in military terms given the amount of casualties you could say that they were annihilated. When the number of killed and wounded exceed 30% is that considered be annihilated again? Or was is 40%? Well, either way it’s certain that they took heavy damage.

The unit that was directly with Natsume-kun, all fought with normal opponents such as Yamada-kun’s party and sensei, so they have somewhat less damage. However, the other units got stuck with having to take on Potimas’s secret weapons, so it seems that some of those units were literally annihilated. Talking of the secret weapons though, unlike the sea urchins and so on that I took on, or the Gloria or whatever things that the Demon King took on, those units took on the mass production weapons. The ones that I beat up along the way. Nonetheless, while they might as well have been scrap as far as I was concerned, from the normal standards of the people of this world they were a terrible threat. So consider a weapon so strong that normal humans cannot contend with them, and then consider mass producing them enough that they come out in hordes. Yep. Most people would die from that.

The outcome, is this mountain of corpses here. It appears that the remaining Imperial soldiers and Mera’s subordinates spent the whole night going around the battlefield collecting them. Here I am complaining about not being able to sleep comfortably, while those guys spent the whole night after a battle doing work huh. Umm, sorry about that. Sorry for asking for more than my fair share. Simply being able to sleep was good working conditions. Soldiers in fantasy worlds fight until they die, then the ones who didn’t die are made to spend all night working – the ultimate black business. Hello everyone who yearns for fantasy worlds! Why don’t you become a soldier in a fantasy world as well?

……Somehow, I now really pity them. From the start the soldiers of the Imperial Army were considered to be disposable anyway, so them becoming like this is within that assumption though. They were composed of the soldiers from rotten Imperial nobles that were summoned by Natsume-kun and that would be okay to kill, but even if the leaders are rotten the soldiers themselves committed no sins. I’m sure that some of them simply wanted to slurp up the juicy rewards that were being dangled in front of them though.

Well, they have properly fulfilled their roles now. Thus, I think they should be able to hold an appropriate memorial service in compensation. All the same, they wouldn’t be able to bring these corpses all the way back to the Empire like this, so I guess they’ll take back things that belonged to the deceased, or their remains from cremation. Either way, they gotta be properly buried of course.

In contrast, there’s no elf corpses here. They have all vanished into my stomach. Or to be more precise, they were divided amongst my clones and eaten. Having done so, have I given them a proper burial in my own way? After all, in the natural world it is good manners to eat what you kill, right. Those corpses were eaten by me, and will become my flesh and blood. Ahh, how wonderful. I’m sure that Potimas would cry tears of joy to know that his own relatives would become the flesh and blood of a god.

「Good morning, Shiro-sama.」

While I was gazing at the mountain of corpses, Mera approached and greeted me.

「Have you had breakfast already? If not then it can be prepared for you though.」

He seemed unnaturally keen to invite me to breakfast. Ah, no. Mera is attentive to various details anyway, so normally it wouldn’t feel strange for him to call out to me like this, but right now he has the position of being an army commander. His subordinates are still in the area, and since he and I officially have the same rank it is a bit suspicious of him to be so attentive. Mera is someone who can properly distinguish public and private matters after all. He wouldn’t normally lower himself so blatantly in front of his subordinates. Hey Mera-kun… I certainly hope not, but you better not be worried that I might want to eat these corpses or something, right?

If I opened my eyes to see him properly I’m sure he would be looking at me reproachfully. Perhaps he sensed the mood, as Mera’s eyes began to swim a bit. To an ordinary person it would be too slight to notice, but you can’t fool my eyes. You bastard. Well, whatever. It’s certainly the case that I haven’t had breakfast anyway, so I’ll do as Mera suggests and have them prepare me some. If I don’t at least do that much then I won’t be able to settle down.

「Fwoaaahhhhh!」

Just when I was about to nod in acknowledgement, a strange creature gave off a strange sound while making strange movements towards me. It was so strange that I stopped moving for a bit. But, Mera beside me quickly responded. He chopped the strange creature that was approaching on the head with his hand.

「Gofwah!?」

The strange creature was knocked to the ground by Mera’s relatively serious hand chop, and squatted while vomiting blood, but eh!? Amazingly, the strange creature took yet another strange pose to stop its collapse from Mera’s chop. People call that pose, the dogeza.

「What is the meaning of this?」

Seeming half angry and half bewildered, Mera began to question the strange creature.

「Please, please make me your apprentice!」

This strange creature is saying something strange again. I have no idea what it is saying.

Mera has a bewildered expression saying he has no idea what is going on. Well, of course right? If someone who you’d just riposted suddenly asked to be your apprentice you’d go “huh?” as well right. That request was probably said to me, but since Mera doesn’t know the circumstances of course he’d have no idea what’s going on. Even though I know the circumstances I have no idea what’s going either, okay. This guy gives off such an extreme impression.

Somehow, I feel that I shouldn’t get too involved with this strange creature. My instincts are flashing an emergency signal saying “You must not get involved”. Just what is this. Somehow, yeah, somehow, I can’t put it into words.

Using my threads I bind the strange creature which is still doing a dogeza. Now that it can’t move I speak out to Mera.

「Let’s go.」

「Umm, are you sure?」

I strongly nod in confirmation towards the still bewildered Mera. It’s best to leave this thing alone. Or rather, that’s all I can do!

I leave the strange creature like that, and begin to walk off in order to eat breakfast. While Mera is glancing towards the strange creature, I walk off without hesitation, so Mera quickly runs after me. Behind me I felt like I heard something like “Pl, please wait!”, but I’m sure it’s just my imagination. The strange voice merely passed over my ears as some kind of unintelligible sound. My brain cannot be allowed to recognise that as meaningful words. Before I’ve even met the reincarnators, I somehow feel worn-out. Nai wa.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 303: Breakfast with the early rising vampire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

303 – Breakfast with the early rising vampire

The place where Mera led me towards, was a treehouse like the one I had slept in. The Demon King Army does have tents and so on for making camp, but even so it feels more comfortable to have a place with a proper roof after all. While one section of the region has become unusable, there’s still plenty of serviceable housing left in the sprawling elf village. Since the residents are no longer here, there’s no reason not to use them.

「Oh? Good morning.」

Inside the treehouse, vampire girl was elegantly eating breakfast. There were various dishes laid out on wooden plates, perhaps from this house. The volume of food was modest for breakfast, but you would never get bored just looking at the wide variety. Bread, salad, fruits, small pieces of steak and scrambled eggs. Vampire girl was using a knife and fork in a refined manner to eat the luxurious food that you wouldn’t expect to see on the morning after a war. Are you a noble!? Ah, she was actually born a genuine noble.

「Prepare some for two more.」

Mera gave those instructions to a subordinate inside. It seems that this place is for the exclusive use of serving food to commissioned officers and the like. The person who received the order quickly went inside. The kitchen is probably inside.

But then, “for two more” means that Mera is also going to eat with us? Somehow, it seems an incredibly long time since I last saw vampire girl and Mera eat together at a table. Mera is more or less vampire girl’s attendant after all. There’s a strange feeling of “what’s this guy doing eating together with his master?” Since we normally ate together during the journey from the country of Sariera to the demon territories, it’s a bit too late to be bothering about that though. Well, Mera actually has a higher ranking when considering things officially though.

Hm? Putting it that way wouldn’t it actually be vampire girl who is out of place then? Mera and I are both proper army commanders, but vampire girl has no role, right? I wonder what the rank and file in the Demon King Army who don’t know the situation think about that? Hmm, well, considering that she’s boldly receiving the treatment of a commissioned officer, I guess the common soldiers can presume various things?

While I was thinking about such pointless things, Mera had pulled out a chair for me to sit on. Woah!? I didn’t notice until I sat down! What an amazing escort job! So this is the power of a capable man!

After I had sat down, Mera also took a seat. Now that I look at him closely, there’s signs of fatigue on Mera’s face. After the combat with the elves was over, for him to then spend the whole night dealing with the aftermath of the battle, he would be tired indeed. It seems he didn’t get to eat properly either. Otherwise I’m sure that Mera wouldn’t try to eat together with vampire girl and I. He’d probably have refrained and eaten by himself later.

Since there’s nobody else but vampire girl eating here, I guess they’re all busy working or are tired and sleeping or something. It feels really odd to be eating an elegant breakfast early in the morning with two vampires though.

「Ariel-san is asleep. Kyouya-kun is guarding her. I don’t know about Felmina.」

Perhaps my thoughts were obvious, as vampire girl informed me about what the others were currently doing. However, she doesn’t know about Felmina-chan. Since this is Felmina-chan we’re talking about I’m sure she’s busily working, but her presence is as thin as ever. Or rather, Felmina-chan is my subordinate at least, so wouldn’t it be bad if I’m not aware of what she’s up to? It’s okay! There’s no problem! Almost certainly, perhaps, maybe.

「Oh, also, Kusama-kun went to visit the other reincarnators. Maybe by now they’re eating breakfast together or something?」

Kusama-kun, ah yeah, he was around wasn’t he. Kusama-kun the ninja protege of the pope who can’t conceal himself. As for why Kusama-kun has the unique skill of ninja of all things, it’s probably under the cheap motive of Kusama-kun having the given name of “Shinobu”. D would be quite liable to do such a thing.

Ah, I see. For Kusama-kun it’s been a long time since he could meet again with his classmates. Does it feel like a class reunion? In my case, I don’t really feel like wanting to go out of my way to renew old friendships, but I wonder how vampire girl and oni-kun feel about that?

「What?」

I’m sure there’s no way that she’d be able to understand my question though, as vampire girl’s sullenness shows through in her voice. Ah, right. Come to think of it vampire girl didn’t have a particularly good impression of her previous life, right? Well, considering that she is here eating food like this, maybe that’s clear.

Nonetheless, there will be compulsory participation in the briefing session for the reincarnators after this. For oni-kun as well. I’ll have Mera take over guarding the Demon King during that time. Since right now, the Demon King is significantly weakened after all. I must have reliable people guarding her. This does mean that Mera will have another job forced onto him after working all night, but this is one thing that I can’t leave to anyone else.

Ah, that reminds me. Thinking about the reincarnators, how is Yamada-kun doing? Perhaps it’s about time that he woke up? Does vampire girl know anything?

「Yamada-kun.」

「Huh? ……Let’s see. Ahh. I think he is still asleep. As far as I know at least, since I have not heard anything about him being awake.」

Since we’ve been together for so long, even vampire girl has become able to infer my thinking, but she still needs to ponder from time to time. It seems that this time as well that she couldn’t immediately understand the meaning of my brief question, and was hesitant to speak. Your ability to comprehend is still lacking. Follow oni-kun’s good example.

「Rather than him, it might be Hasebe-san who is worst off, with the brainwashing having being undone. Since she is apparently extremely confused.」

Ah. That is true, isn’t it. Amongst the reincarnators who were brainwashed by Natsume-kun, Ooshima-kun is fine since she cancelled the brainwashing on her own, but the other one, Hasebe-san, has been completely brainwashed all this time. Due to Natsume-kun’s death the brainwashing has been undone, so she should have returned to sanity? Ah. Maybe it would be better to erase the memories as an after care service.

「Since she was apparently forcibly put to sleep, if you are worried about her then maybe go visit her later on?」

Let’s do so. But, before that, food! I consume the delicious food that was brought over. Mmm. It’s just after the war yet I’m indulging myself. The privilege of being a big shot eh. Being able to have such a delicious meal even though I didn’t work all night. Ahh, I’ve sure gotten a cushy job.

Forget about Mera next to me, or Felmina-chan who is still working somewhere, or oni-kun who has been guarding the Demon King without being able to get a wink of sleep. Everyone, you must all keep on working hard.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 304: The reincarnators
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

304 – The reincarnators

After we finished eating, we all went over to the Demon King’s place. The Demon King is probably still sleeping, but this is in order to collect oni-kun who is guarding her. When we go meet the reincarnators, oni-kun’s communication skills will be indispensible. There’ll be a significant difference in the chances of a successful mission depending on whether oni-kun is there or not.

So here we are at oni-kun’s place. I’ll have oni-kun switch with Mera. I hadn’t explained anything beforehand, but I guess this much is to be expected from oni-kun, as he figured out what I wanted to say with just a gesture from me. Thus, I was able to smoothly take out oni-kun, and in exchange I’ll leave guarding the Demon King to Mera. At the time, Mera made a face that somewhat suggested “I still gotta work huh” but, yeah, I’ll pretend I never saw it. Regardless of whatever you think deep down, I like how you perfectly complete any jobs given to you due to your strong sense of responsibility. It’s terribly convenient.

Now then, the preparations are complete, so let’s march off to where the reincarnators are huh……. Do I really have to march off…? I feel reluctant with having to meet the reincarnators who know Wakaba Hiiro. Just that alone is enough to make me feel reluctant, yet on top of that I’ll have no alternative but to open my mouth and talk in order to explain things then huh. What’s with this punishment game? Ahh, I don’t wanna go. I don’t wanna go I but gotta go. Do I really have to?

Now that I think about it really closely, I don’t really have an obligation to explain the situation to the reincarnators now do I? How about I simply keep quiet and let them stumble around hopelessly without understanding the situation? Can I, or can’t I? I can!

「Shiro-san, are you perhaps thinking about something bad?」

Gnn! You bastard, are you an esper huh!? Ughhh. Sigh. It can’t be helped. I received a retort from oni-kun already anyway, so I should resolve myself and press on huh.

And so here we are at the treehouse where the reincarnators are held. I feel a bit guilty for shoving this large group of reincarnators into a single place which feels a bit cramped, but this way makes it easier to manage them after all. Inside they should have been separated by gender after all, so there shouldn’t have been any problems. There’s guards properly posted as well. What if it’s consensual? Not my problem.

Perhaps it’s because of my mood, but the door feels heavy on opening. Ahh, it’s because once I open this door the reincarnators will be there. I’m depressed, though not enough to kill me.

On opening the door, there was Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun tied up with rope.

Slam. Hm? Hmm? Hmmm!?

I unconsciously closed the door, but what was that? An illusion? Is there someone here who is skilled enough to make even me see illusions then!? In order to check whether or not I had misjudged things or something, I opened the door slooowly once again. Sure enough, there was Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun bound together with rope.

……Yup. Well, yup. Erm, yup.

Well, the fact that they’ve been bound against their will is fair enough. Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun are pawns of the Divine Word Religion. Kusama-kun is a culpable in the attack on the elf village, so he’s part of our gang in other words, while Ogiwara-kun allowed himself be caught by the elves and was a spy that leaked out internal information. From the point of view of the other reincarnators they’re like traitors, and so it’s not like I can’t understand why they would be captured for interrogation.

So that much is fine, but why have the two of them been bound together such like they’re almost embracing each other? Wouldn’t you normally bind them back-to-back in such a situation? Isn’t the orientation reversed? Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun are both really trying hard to face away from each other, but their faces are still touching. If the angle was a bit different they’d be close enough to kiss you know.

Also, why are the girls gazing at these guys with enraptured expressions? It’s the sort of mood where if someone had a camera they’d be taking photos or something. The only normal ones are sensei, the former class-rep Kudou-san, and finally Kushitani-san. Ah, no. While sensei is saying “doing this sort of thing is wrong!” and covering her face, she’s glancing at them between the gaps in her fingers. Kudou-san is saying incomprehensible stuff like “It’s not working. It’s acceptable in 2D but it fails in 3D!”, while lamenting. In conclusion, Kushitani-san is the only normal one!

Erm, what, is, this?

「Wakaba-san! Help!」

While I was taken aback by this mysterious scene, I met Kusama-kun’s eyes, and at that moment he plead for help. He really must be at his wit’s end, as he’s practically crying. Wait, don’t drag me into this!?

At Kusama-kun’s shout, almost everyone in the place focused their eyes on me. Stop! Don’t look at me when there’s such a strange scene going on!? Look away!

「No way.」

「Wakaba-san?」

「Eh, but…」

「Is it really her?」

The reincarnators whisper such things to each other while looking this way. Amongst them, one of them takes a step forwards as their representative. It’s the former class-rep Kudou-san.

「I wonder if it’s okay to say long time no see? You are Wakaba-san, right?」

I’m not her actually, but if I say that here then the conversation would get rather complicated so I keep quiet and nod. When I nod to confirm, sensei becomes noticeably agitated.

「By the way, the person behind, is Sasajima-kun right?」

「Yeah, that’s right. Long time no see, class-rep.」

「Indeed.」

In response to oni-kun’s calm greeting, Kudou-san’s stiff shoulders sag, as if she was dumbfounded. However, I guess she quickly gathered herself again, and turned to the last person.

「By a process of elimination, you are Negishi-san then?」

「Yes, that’s right.」

When vampire girl affirms, the reincarnators behind Kudou-san become noisy. From what I can gather from their conversation, well, they’re basically talking about how they’re shocked at the change in vampire girl. Kudou-san claps her hands at the noisy reincarnators to quieten them.

「Well then? What it your purpose in coming here?」

Openly cautious, Kudou-san asked us that. Well, I can understand that caution. The reincarnators who were being held captive in the elf village are at least aware that the Imperial Army attacked. However, they know nothing about what happened afterwards, as they were isolated inside my other dimension, and then before they realised it they were being held captive like this after all. Of course they would worry about what will happen to them and also what the heck had happened. In a situation where they didn’t know anything, suddenly three new reincarnators appear, so considering the timing of course you’d be cautious. Or otherwise, you’d be bewildered I guess. Kudou-san, also Tagawa-kun and Kushitani-san, and also Shinohara-san are all cautions. The others seem to be really bewildered.

「Please relax. We have no intention of causing harm.」

Oni-kun spoke before I could.

「Sensei might not be able to believe us, but we are not your enemies. Please believe that much at least.」

In response to oni-kun’s earnest appeal, the place becomes quiet. Some of the reincarnators are making glances at sensei. However, sensei doesn’t notice that at all, and keeps opening and closing her mouth in confusion. I think she’s trying to say something but can’t get the words out.

「Today, we came in order to talk. There is something that we must talk to you about.」

Oni-kun surveys the room while making that announcement. There was nobody who denied him. As I had guessed, bringing oni-kun was the right thing to do.

「Umm, excuse me. Before that, could you please untie us?」

「Idiot! Read the mood!」

In response to Kusama-kun’s pitiful request, Ogiwara-kun remonstrates him.

「……Rather than stand around, let’s sit down and talk.」

Perhaps Kusama-kun’s request broke the tension in the room, as Kudou-san made that proposal while relaxing her shoulders. Unfortunately for Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun, they were neglected and were simply left as they were.

Kudou-san: Although it was done as part of my fujoshi religion, since only 2D interested me, 3D is outside my area of expertise. However, since there’s obviously no 2D materials in this elf village, the other girls who followed my fujoshi religion focused on 3D, so what’s with this incomprehensible situation where I’m being left out despite being the founder. Just how did this happen?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 305: Reincarnator conference
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

305 – Reincarnator conference

The treehouse that I’m in has four stories. Perhaps it would be more appropriate to refer to it as a house hollowed out of a tree that has four stories? Please don’t worry about that aspect though. Anyway, the first floor is a dining room. There are several tables arranged, with chairs placed around them correspondingly. However, right now the tables have been pushed to the side of the walls and just the chairs are being used, with everyone sitting wherever they like. As it would be hard for us to have a conversation with the tables there, Endou-san gave instructions to move them out of the way.

The reincarnators are sitting in a semi-circle with me at the center, waiting for the discussion to begin. Yep, I’m at the center! Da heck! It would be better for oni-kun to be at the center! Until just now oni-kun had been doing most of the talking on our side, so it would have been better to continue like that! Despite that, oni-kun nonchalantly yielded the center to me, took a step back and sat down to my side. His eyes are telling me – you should be the one to speak.

It’s okay. You don’t have to be attentive over such strange things, okay! Ughh. This is why serious guys are no good! Guys who are strict about the rules are annoyingly inflexible at times like this.

Using Fluoroscopy, I look at oni-kun who is seated beside me without moving my head. He’s not budging an inch. He has no intention of moving until I start talking.

What a pain. I want oni-kun to help, but I look at the seat opposite him as well. There, sitting somewhat sullenly, is vampire girl. She doesn’t show any sign of moving either. This is hopeless. Rather, if I forced her to talk it would likely just make things even more complicated.

I look ahead. There with her arms folded and also her legs crossed is Kudou-san, who is looking at me. In her past life she had a sharp expression, but even in this world Kudou-san is a beauty with slit eyes. If that Kudou-san were to fix her eyes on someone with a glare, it sure would be intimidating. Does she have the Intimidation skill?

Then, sitting next to Kudou-san is sensei, who is restless and won’t calm down. Her gaze is darting here and there, with her body moving around to match. I’m not bothered by the reincarnators being tense due to having almost no clue as to what’s going on. However, maybe she can’t settle down because she knows some strange information so has no idea as to what’s about to happen?

From the point of view of the reincarnators, they shouldn’t be aware of anything really. Since it was said that we were going discuss things, I can understand them wanting to sink their teeth into the explanation. But, from sensei’s point of view, the situation is strange. It seems that sensei knew that vampire girl and oni-kun belonged to the Demon King’s side. But just when she thought that the Imperial Army had been the ones attacking, suddenly there’s two visiting reincarnators who should be on the Demon King’s side. Well, that would certainly be confusing. Sensei had been knocked unconscious in the midst of the fight with Natsume-kun for a start, so there’s too many things that she’s worried about such as the how did the battle end, why are two people from the Demon King’s side here, and so on, so maybe she can’t gather her thoughts. On top of that, because that shithead Potimas had indoctrinated her with all sorts of weird stuff, she’s not able to judge what is correct and what is incorrect. Precisely because she has some knowledge, unlike the other reincarnators, she’s very confused.

It might be just as well that Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun aren’t here, in a certain sense. Those two aren’t here. Yamada-kun hasn’t woken up yet anyway, and it seems that Ooshima-kun is attending to Yamada-kun. Hasebe-san was extremely disordered, so she was forcibly put to sleep. Those three had continued to fight after sensei had fallen, so they do know some of what happened afterwards. In particular Ooshima-kun, who hadn’t fallen unconscious even to the end. They could be called participants. Unlike the other reincarnators who were simply dragged into the situation, those three know quite a lot more. If they were also here during the explanation, it would inevitably become stormy.

Except for Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun who are tied up, the reincarnators have various different attitudes, but they all have a posture of waiting for me to talk. Apart from sensei, it feels like they’re willing to listen calmly. While Yamada-kun and his party aren’t here, this is the perfect chance to win over the other reincarnators!

Despite that though, I feel like I’m surrounded by enemies on all sides. On one side is oni-kun who is as motionless as a statue. On the other side is vampire girl who is simply being sullen. In front of me is Kudou-san who is pressuring me to begin the explanation already. Sensei is occasionally glancing at me without calming down. The other reincarnators are simply staring at me.

Mind if I flee? No good? Do I really have to explain things while having so many people staring at me? Still no good? Oh, okay.

Err, err. Erm, at a time like this should I start with a conventional greeting? How about whether today is a lucky day? That somehow feels wrong.

I mean, just where should I start my explanation? The reincarnators basically know nothing at all, so I gotta explain everything from A to Z. But, what is “A” then? Maybe I should start from explaining this world, or rather how the System came to be? Ermm, but that would be such a bolt from the blue for the reincarnators, and wouldn’t they want to know something else right now? So what do the reincarnators want to know the most right now? Thinking about that, yeah, I guess it would be something like this?

「First of all, at present you are prisoners of the demons.」

「Huh?」

Kudou-san made an astonished looking expression for a moment, and then her face became grim. The other reincarnators were also making noises, and started becoming flustered. Ah, this is the sort of development where things have been misunderstood.

「Silence!」

Oni-kun stood up, and clapped his hands together to quieten the reincarnators.

「Everything is okay. Even though you are prisoners, it’s not like anything bad is going to happen. Rather than prisoners, it’s actually more like protective care after all. Please don’t worry about that. I said this just earlier, but we have no intention of harming any of you. Therefore, even if it sounds strange please at least listen until the end.」

In response to oni-kun’s sincere words, the noisy reincarnators began to calm down. While Tagawa-kun and Kushitani-san are being cautious while still being calm, the others more or less seem like they’re willing to listen. Phew. Well done oni-kun!

Even though they’ve been living amongst the elves, sure enough “demons” sound like the “enemy of humans” and something to be afraid of huh. Suddenly being told that they were the prisoners of the demons would confuse them. Ack, I blundered. I’m glad that oni-kun interceded.

「Umm, so what exactly is this about? Does this mean that you are supporting the demons then?」

Kudou-san asked while clutching her forehand in her hand. Normally I would simply just nod in confirmation here, but even I can tell that simply nodding would be so uninformative that it would be bad. I gotta, I gotta say something! Ahh! Uhh! Ohh!

……Grr, I really hadn’t wanted to do this, but a few sacrifices can’t be avoided. I guess I’ll throw away my pride for the moment, and just do it. Switchover.

「That is correct. Incidentally, all three of us here are not human.」

I open my eyes while talking. So that nothing strange would happen when they look at my eyes, I put my Evil Eyes off completely, but even so the reincarnators gasp when they see my creepy eyes. Incidentally, noticing that my ambiance had changed also made vampire girl and oni-kun gasp, but I ignore them.

「The three of us are cooperating with the Demon King in order to achieve a particular objective. I shall explain about that later. I will review the current situation first.」

The words come out smoothly and fluently. Despite the fact that they’re coming from my own mouth, I’m surprised myself. I have memories that are not my own. Those are the memories of Wakaba Hiiro, D’s temporary guise. Using those memories as a base, I am reproducing Wakaba Hiiro’s personality. This is Wakaba Hiiro Mode. Because I’ve entered this mode, I can put into words the things that I am thinking just like that. After all, since Wakaba Hiiro is not bad at speaking or anything of the sort, it would be more strange for her to not be able to talk. But with this mode, to put it simply it means that I am actually imitating D. Me of all people, is imitating that D! What a, what a terrible disgrace! This is why I didn’t want to do this! But, unless I do this I cannot speak properly! Therefore, I’ll endure it.

「First of all, I believe that you will have already heard that the Imperial Army was invading the elf village. Our Demon King Army attacked the elf village from behind the Imperial Army. The Imperial Army led by Natsume-kun was a decoy.」

At my words, the reincarnators start to become noisy. Amongst them, sensei’s expression looks extremely bad.

「About that matter, could I also hear about it in detail?」

At that time, a person came down the stairs from the second story. Ack. So he came huh.

Appearing with bad timing, was Yamada-kun who was supposed to have been unconscious and sleeping.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 306: Encounter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

306 – Encounter

His complexion is obviously poor, but, Yamada-kun walks forwards with a steady gait. Perhaps this is to expected of the holder of the Divine Protection of Heaven skill, as Yamada-kun was able to turn up with good timing for him and bad timing for me. Ahh, the discussion is going to get even more complicated.

「It’s been a long time eh, Wakaba-sa…n?」

Yamada-kun said that while looking at me. Why did he phrase it as a question? At the start he was glaring at me strongly, yet now he is making a somewhat dubious expression. Is there something on my face? Well, my eyes have lots of pupils though.

「Well, never mind. More importantly, I want to be included in this discussion. I have the right to do so, don’t I?」

After lightly shaking his head, he continued with that. I’m not really sure, but it seems that there’s something bothering him. Well, as far as I’m concerned he’s already here so what’s done is done. It’s not like I couldn’t drive him out, but that would be troublesome in its own way anyway. Basically, the moment Yamada-kun got here the situation became troublesome either way.

「Go ahead, suit yourself.」

What’s done is done so I give out a half-hearted affirmation. I don’t forget to put out a “you’re not welcome” aura.

「Thank you.」

Yet despite that, he doesn’t pay attention to that, and rather Yamada-kun accepts it as if it was a challenge. Ooshima-kun suddenly makes a move, bringing a chair for Yamada-kun. Yamada-kun sat on that chair while thanking Ooshima-kun, and then Ooshima-kun got a chair for herself and sat down next to Yamada-kun. I wonder why? Why did some of the girls seem to make a soft “Oh-ho” like sigh on seeing that?

After Yamada-kun sat on his chair, he then deliberately checked over the surroundings. His eyes stopped at several locations, then finally pointed back at me. Hrm, tsk. Can’t be helped.

「10th Army, come out.」

In response to my directive, several white clothed people appear in the room. Most of the reincarnators were shocked the moment they saw those figures. These white clothed people, are the soldiers of the 10th Army that I command in the Demon King Army. They were members who are especially good at spying, who I had assigned to covertly watch over the reincarnators. Yamada-kun had spotted that they were here it seems, since his eyes had paused on them when scanning the room.

Oh, now that I look again, Felmina-chan is right in the middle of them isn’t she. Girl, you should have the title of vice-commander of the 10th Army, so why are you doing minor stuff like this then? Perhaps Felmina-chan had noticed my curiosity, as a vein twitched on her forehead in anger. It’s not like I literally saw such a thing, more like I got that impression. It gave off the feeling of saying something like “because you were asleep!”. Yup, I’m honestly sorry about that.

「Leave this place. Until I have further instructions, get some rest.」

In accordance with my order, the white clothed people soundlessly vanished on the spot. I could hear someone say “ninja”. Yep, to be honest I think that my soldiers in the 10th Army are better ninjas than Kusama-kun. Ah, amongst the white clothed people that left, only Felmina-chan went up to the third floor it seems. That reminds me, Hasebe-san who was confused and forced to sleep was there wasn’t she. Certainly someone needs to keep a lookout on her. I think it’s wrong in various ways for an executive member like Felmina-chan to do such a thing, but I won’t say anything.

「Who were they?」

Yamada-kun asked that with a grim expression.

「They are soldiers of the 10th Army in the Demon King Army. I had put them in charge of guarding and escorting the reincarnators.」

At my words, the reincarnators became noisy. Well naturally, since they were right next to each other yet they never noticed them. The ones who noticed, were just the Tagawa-kun and Kushitani-san pair huh? I had thought sensei had noticed as well, but since she is staring in amazement it seems that she hadn’t noticed.

「They gotta be the elites of the Demon King Army huh.」

No, they’re rank and file soldiers. Ah, no, well, due to my Spartan training they’re especially strong compared to the other soldiers in the army, so maybe it’s not wrong to call them the elites then huh? Well, it’s minor difference either way. They’re rank and file, mere rank and file.

Yamada-kun still looks unwell. He might have considered the difference in strength between them, on seeing the white clothed lot’s movements. Being the Hero, Yamada-kun’s power is, well, at least nothing like the common masses. But, while you could say that he’s strong, that’s only strong in the sense that he fits into the category called common sense. He falls a long way short of how the Demon King and I used to be, and on the contrary he’s no match for vampire girl and oni-kun here either. If things went badly for him, even the white clothed guys from just now might be able to beat him with some luck. One-on-one, I doubt they could win, but with two of them perhaps they could find a route to victory. That kind of level. Despite that though, due to the convenience of the Divine Protection of Heaven skill, he would probably be able to achieve more than his raw ability might indicate.

「Well then? You used Yuugo, Natsume, as bait and invaded this place. What for?」

Yamada-kun throws a straight question right at me. Uh, hmm. So he actually asked that huh.

I glance at sensei. I know all too well. This is not a topic that I can avoid. However, if I talk about this then sensei’s position will definitely go from bad to worse. It will, but there’s no way I can’t talk about it after all.

「The leader of the elves, Potimas Hyphenath, is the enemy of the world. His existence brings harm to the world, and in order to subjugate him the Demon King Army and the Divine Word Religion collaborated together, leading to the offensive on this occasion.」

At my words, sensei’s jaw dropped down in amazement. That face indicates that she finds this to be incomprehensible. In comparison, Yamada-kun took my words surprisingly calmly. Next to him, Ooshima-kun is half astonished and half consenting, with a delicate grimace on her face, so it doesn’t seem like she knew about Potimas beforehand.

「Firstly, the elves in this world are existences that have threatened the world since long ago. Publicly the elves are taking action to stop the conflict between the humans and the demons, in order to achieve true world peace, but that is merely camouflage in order to conceal their hidden side. They are secretly exploiting the life force of this planet, and are an evil influence that is shortening the life of this planet. Those few who know the truth have repeatedly warned Potimas Hyphenath and the rest to cease such actions, but those warnings were ignored. Finally, when this planet’s life span reached a critical stage, strong measures in the form of an attack is what brought about the current situation.」

Suddenly faced with the discussion taking on a momentous scale, the reincarnators became noisy.

「What a minute! If what you said is correct, then what’s happening with this planet?」

Kudou-san presses me for an answer while half standing up. Seeing is believing. I activate magecraft, projecting how this planet looks. Showing overhead is a three-dimensional vision of the current planet, looking something like a globe. Shown there, is the collapse of half of the planet.

「This is the current state of the planet.」

Stunned silence. That is the main reaction here. Apart from vampire girl and oni-kun who knew about it beforehand, it seems that this image had a devastating impact. I heard voices saying things like “It can’t be” and “There’s just no way”. Yamada-kun is not an exception either, and his eyes are wide open and glued to the image.

「This has gotta be a lie, right?」

Even the cool, calm and collected Endou-san is gazing at the image with her lips trembling.

「This is no lie. Would you like to go and see it yourself?」

Nobody accepted my invitation. Nobody would consider going to such an inhospitable place of course. Well, if I put up a barrier there wouldn’t be any problems, but nobody knows that of course.

Everyone is in a daze. This is the point where I give the explanation as to just what kind of situation they have found themselves in. Then, as I informed them where the Empire was located, and about the continued existence of the planet, it appears that their ability to think was suspended.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 307: Explosion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

307 – Explosion

The reincarnators gaze in blank amazement at the image. The first one to recover was… Kudou-san.

「Say, if this image is real, then how long is this planet going to hold out for?」

At Kudou-san’s words, all the reincarnators are taken aback. Well, normally if you considered a situation like this, it might even sound reasonable to be told that the planet will collapse in a few days, and you’d certainly worry about something that clearly feels like “the end of days”.

「Do not worry. For the time being it will not turn into a scenario where it collapses during your lifetimes.」

If my calculations are correct, then if things continue as they are the planet will never collapse. At least, it should last long enough for the reincarnators to live out a whole lifetime. Though I cannot guarantee that for someone like sensei who is a long lived elf. Roughly speaking, since the biggest factor was Potimas’s squandering of energy and he has already been removed, the planet should slowly recover from now on.

Indeed, if you just give the planet time, it will recover. However, that will also require a certain sacrifice to be made. That sacrifice is the current nexus of the System – the Goddess Sariel. Sariel is already on the verge of being crushed by the System due to overuse. There’s no way that she will be able to endure for such a long time.

In addition, the deterioration of the souls of the people living within this world is about to reach the dangerous zone. The reason why the demons are suffering from a declining birth-rate is because they are no longer able to reincarnate due to the deterioration of the souls. Souls that are forced to reincarnate again and again will suffer from abrasion – they become damaged. If souls are forcibly reincarnated in such a state, then the soul will collapse. If that happens then the soul can never reincarnate again.

Kuro had isolated the people who had shown signs of deteriorated souls in a particular place, but then oni-kun came and smashed the place up. Besides, using such treatment as a countermeasure cannot solve the fundamental problem anyway. What Kuro had done, was to prevent the people from gaining skills as much as possible, which is that same thing that Potimas was doing to the reincarnators. By doing so, the soul does not have anything extra added to it during their lifetime. Just by adding skills the burden on the soul increases after all. That is not a problem for healthy souls, but for deteriorated souls it can be too much of a burden. However, preventing the acquisition of skills using such a method does not allow the soul to eventually recover. It’s something similar to merely stalling the progression of a disease. In order to allow a deteriorated soul to recover, the only way is to stop the soul from reincarnating for a while and to give it some rest.

Then, when the number of souls that are resting increases, the birth rate declines. Net result – the population of the world will steadily decrease. Since the humans have a bigger total population than the demons it hadn’t become obvious yet. However, with enough time that will gradually be exposed. If the population decreases then the recovery of the planet will slow, and then with enough time the degradation of the souls will continue. Will the planet recover first, or will the degradation of the souls reach the limit first? The situation will deteriorate into such a game of chicken.

Well, that aspect won’t matter to the reincarnators. When the reincarnators reach the end of their current life then they will not enter this world’s cycle of reincarnation, but return to the normal cycle of reincarnation. There’s no need for them to worry about such a future.

「You implied that’s only true for our lifetimes, so does that mean that our children’s generation would be at risk then?」

Kudou-san’s words were somewhat unexpected. Children? I had unconsciously focused my eyes on Kudou-san’s stomach, but when Kudou-san noticed my gaze she rushed to explain.

「I’m not pregnant of course. I’m talking about the future.」

Ahh. I see, I see. Children huh… I hadn’t thought about that at all. Perhaps that was a blind spot on my part, or maybe more of a difference in perception?

From my perspective, to go and have children in this world you’d have to be devoid of reason or something. In the first place, the concept of having children itself had never occurred to me. My babies? Those are, yeah, not so much my children but a special case.

To have children in this world basically means that someone will be reborn after all. That by giving birth from your own stomach, someone will be reborn. Well, that’s not something that’s limited to this planet though, but on this planet it could be that someone you know is reborn after all. Furthermore, if you’re unlucky it’s quite possible that someone that you yourself killed could be reborn.

If you knew the truth, then wouldn’t you not even consider having children? After all, that’s probably the reason why the pope of the Divine World Religion has caused the people to forget about that truth. That they are simply devices that are born to save up energy, continuously reincarnated forever for the sake of atonement. What would people do if they knew that? Suicide? They totally would. However, even if you suicide you’ll still be reborn. In that case, how could you possibly break out from purgatory? Just offer yourself up. Offer up your very existence, soul and all.

I would never think about doing such a thing, but for humans who feel trapped and want to disappear it wouldn’t be strange. Then, for each person who offers themselves up, the amount of energy recovered is small. The instantaneous amount might be okay, but considering the long term the total amount of energy that can be gained by continuing to reincarnate is far greater. It’s not unfortunate that people have forgotten the truth, but that they absolutely had to forget about it.

However, if I speak about that here, what would happen? If they knew that then achieving a happy family would be impossible I guess.

「At least, this planet will not collapse any time soon. In the first place, the attack on Potimas was in order to prevent the collapse. With Potimas gone, the collapse of the planet will stop, and afterwards it should slowly start to recover.」

I haven’t told a lie. It’s just that before that happens I intend to do all sorts things. I didn’t address the subject of having children and so on. Addressing that subject would only be a disaster anyway. There are many things in this world where “you are better off not knowing” after all. Well, since the birth rate is declining and all, don’t expect to be blessed with children though. Or rather, do you have a partner in the first place?

「“Potimas” is the guy who had us confined, right?」

Kudou-san asks while touching her hand to her forehead. She’s not looking at me, but at sensei instead. In sensei’s case, she doesn’t deny that they were confined, and currently she is in a daze as if her mind had burnt out and gone blank. Maybe it’s all been too much and she’s become unable to think. But, well, sensei is a strong person, so I’m sure she’ll be okay.

I change the displayed image. From the one showing the current status of this planet, to a recording from the recent battle. In this one countless sea urchins and the triangular pyramid are floating in the sky above the forest. There’s also the figures of the mechanical soldiers moving through the forest. This is something science fiction-like that doesn’t seem fitting in this fantasy-like world.

「Potimas wanted the energy in order to operate these weapons. That energy is the very life force of the planet itself. The reason why the planet is currently in such a condition is because he has been exploiting that energy.」

I’m sure that such images have never been seen in this world before, or even on screens in the previous world. The reincarnators are gazing at them intensely.

「The reason why Potimas gathered the reincarnators, was because he sought the unique powers that the reincarnators have and he planned to use that for something bad.」

In fact he had made plans to put the reincarnators into a mixer for his goal of perpetual youth and longevity, but I don’t want them to hear about something that sounds like it’s from a splatter movie so I won’t say it. In the first place, what’s the point in even talking about “perpetual youth and longevity”? Most people would probably laugh in derision. If I actually said something like “he did all these grandiose things because he was totally and utterly serious about achieving perpetual youth and longevity”, I would lose all credibility instead.

「Meaning what? That we were abducted and confined in order to be used?」

「Yes.」

I agreed with Kudou-san’s blunt words. It’s basically the truth anyway.

「Be, fore, it, be, cause, wha, wha, t?」

Hm? Eh? On turning towards the voice that was making no sense, what I saw was the figure of sensei having collapsed from her chair and convulsing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 308: What was accomplished
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

308 – What was accomplished

「Sensei! Please hang in there, sensei!」

The first to move, was Yamada-kun. He immediately rushed over to where sensei had collapsed from her chair, and then checked her condition. Sensei was shedding tears with her eyes open wide, and while breathing irregularly and raggedly her body was also spasming irregularly. She kept trying to breathe desperately, but since she’s suffering despite that maybe the problem is that she’s hyperventilating? Sensei had collapsed on the ground and Yamada-kun lifted up the top half of her body in his arms, and then performed Treatment Magic. However, as the Treatment Magic in this world could do nothing more than restore wounded tissue, it could not cure sicknesses. While I don’t know whether it’s appropriate to call hyperventilating a sickness, I do know that Treatment Magic can’t cure it.

「Move.」

As Yamada-kun could do nothing except to try casting Treatment Magic, I pushed him aside and looked into sensei’s eyes. Then, I activated my Evil Eyes. I make them perform the opposite to their normal effect. My Evil Eyes have the effect of causing fear in those that see them. Meaning that they affect the mind of the opponent. I’ve not done it before, but if it’s possible to cause fear, then conversely it should be theoretically possible to grant serenity as well.

As I peered into sensei’s eyes with my Evil Eyes, her body performed one big spasm. However, after that the large spasms stopped. That being said, her breathing was still disarrayed and the small spasms hadn’t abated.

「Sensei, please calm down and take a deep breath.」

So as to not provoke sensei’s mind as much as possible, I spoke to her slowly and calmly. Sensei followed my words and breathed in.

「Like that, without rushing, slowly, breathe out please.」

Making it easy to understand, as if instructing someone, yet still calmly, I carefully formed the words.

「Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out.」

By having her slowly take deep breaths like this, little by little sensei’s condition improved. During that time I grasped sensei’s hand tightly. Although her breathing has become stable, the tears spilling down her face have not stopped. Also, perhaps because she was crying intensely, the occasional hiccup-like spasms continue. Her face is covered with tears and snot. I mop that up with the sleeve of my clothes. But, as soon as I mop it up they start spilling over again.

For a while, sensei continued to cry. As sensei is an elf her body matures slowly, so compared to the other reincarnators she seems very young in appearance. Simply going by her appearance, it doesn’t feel out of place to see her crying so badly like this. However, seeing her like this should be shocking for the reincarnators. Unlike the other reincarnators, sensei was the only adult. Contrary to her appearance, she has been alive for the longest amongst the reincarnators when combining her previous life and this life. For such an adult to show that she has gone to pieces so blatantly, is surely something they could have never imagined. Even I hadn’t imagined it.

「It is alright. It is alright now.」

While running my hand over sensei’s small back, I gently caressed her.

「You have not made a mistake.」

I gently persuaded her.

「To risk your own life and fight for the sake of your students surely cannot be a mistake.」

I could tell that at my words Kudou-san had averted her face feeling awkward. I might be looking at sensei, but since I habitually use my Fluoroscopy ability to understand everything around me, I could tell that much even though I hadn’t focused on her. I could tell that based on her attitude until now that Kudou-san had harboured suspicions about sensei. However, Kudou-san hadn’t been aware of just how desperate sensei had actually been, and just how hard she had struggled to save the students. And also, just how serious she was given how she had collapsed like this when she found out that Potimas had been gathering the reincarnators in order to use them. I had also misjudged her about the latter. I had never even considered that sensei could actually collapse. I had been convinced that sensei of all people could deal with knowing the truth.

「It is certainly the case that Potimas was unscrupulous. But sensei, you had honestly did your best for everyone’s sake, right? There is absolutely no mistake in that. Besides, everyone has been able to survive and meet together like this, right?」

I gently spoke to sensei who hadn’t stopped sobbing. In practice, while it might be true that sensei was used by Potimas, it is still the case that many students have been saved by sensei. Unlike Earth, this world is a harsh place. I have no idea how many times I almost died, and I’m sure that vampire girl and oni-kun had the same experience. So despite all that, we were simply lucky. It wouldn’t have been strange at all for us to have died. The other reincarnators would surely also have faced living each day with death always at their side, unless they had been born to some privileged class like Yamada-kun and the like. If by some chance they hadn’t been sheltered by sensei, there might have been only half the number of survivors here instead. And so, it’s precisely because she had assembled the reincarnators here in the elf village that it became possible to safely defeat Potimas. It turned out alright in the end, so sensei doesn’t have to worry about all that.

「It’s… not… everyone!」

Sensei shouts that while crying.

「I… couldn’t… save… them! I… couldn’t… save… them… all!」

Her way of shouting made me think that this is probably what’s called “wailing”. While crying, her broken voice never became loud. Yet despite that, why does her voice resound so much?

Certainly, there are some who are not here. Sakurazaki Issei. Kogure Naofumi. Hayashi Kouta. And finally, Natsume Kengo. Apart from Hasebe-san who is sleeping, those are the reincarnators who are unable to be here. The reincarnators that we can never meet again.

It seems that sensei feels responsible for their deaths. There’s nothing that I can say about that though. However, I do think that to take responsibility for that, is basically barking up the wrong tree. Their lives are their own. And so, their deaths are also their own. I don’t think that sensei needs to take the blame for their deaths. Perhaps sensei thinks that she could have saved them, but there are things that humans can do and things that they cannot do. To assume that they could all have been saved is an arrogant notion. Unless you are all-knowing and all-powerful, you would never be able to save them all. Even I couldn’t have done it.

Afterwards, sensei continued to sob like a child. “Why”, “I couldn’t save them”, “just what for” – sensei murmured such things as if talking in a delirium. In the end, I don’t know how much time passed, but sensei finally stopped crying. However, her eyes were somehow hollow and felt lifeless.

「Wakaba-san.」

Kushitani-san spoke to me, after having silently watched over the course of events.

「It seems that sensei is tired, so I’ll put her to bed. We shouldn’t burden you any further at least. I’ll watch her, so continue the discussion.」

That proposal, was something I both wanted to hear and didn’t want to hear. Right now, it would be bad to leave sensei alone. I would prefer to watch her myself, but I’m not sure if it would be for the best for me to leave here to nurse sensei. Kudou-san and the others have all sorts of thoughts with regards to sensei I’m sure, so I cannot leave her to someone with such mixed emotions. On that point, since Kushitani-san came to the elf village recently, she should be able to watch over sensei without getting caught up in her emotions. She’s also one of the few reincarnators who are able to fight, so there is nobody better to entrust this to than her. Vampire girl is out of the question for a start, and oni-kun is basically a man so I’m sure he be unsuited for nursing sensei.

「Can you take care of her?」

「Leave it to me.」

Kushitani-san carries sensei in her arms. After gazing at Tagawa-kun, Kushitani-san went up the stairs like that. Kushitani-san is dependable, so I’m sure it’ll be fine to leave things to her. Even in the worst case that sensei tries to kill herself, Kushitani-san should be able to stop her.

After sensei and Kushitani-san left the scene, the room was filled with an uneasy atmosphere. From having seen sensei’s state just now, they surely understand just how serious sensei was about wanting to shelter the reincarnators. Starting with Kudou-san, the reincarnators who had been sheltered, had condemned sensei instead. Having seen sensei become like that, perhaps they have a guilty conscience.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 309: Is a bird in a cage happy or not?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

309 – Is a bird in a cage happy or not?

After Kushitani-san left carrying sensei, nobody made a move to speak. Everyone wondered what was best, but having no answer they retreated into silence. However, the reactions between them split into several groups. In one group, their gazes wandered around. They gave the impression that they really had no idea what to do and decided to let the matter take care of itself. In another group, their gazes turned on Kudou-san. Even those gazes were split into two kinds – those who seemed to be gazing at Kudou-san as if criticising her, and those who seemed to be gazing at her as the class-rep and having some kind of expectations as to what direction she will pursue next. Needless to say, there were different degrees of enthusiasm shown in those two kinds. Finally, there was the majority group, who were gazing at me. Well, I guess so. It would naturally be my role to continue the discussion. I just wanna leave it all to others though!

Argh, urgh. For now I’ll return to my seat and sit down. Perhaps because I did something I’m not used to, or perhaps because I was talking my head off, somehow I feel totally worn out. Can we call it quits here already? We can’t? …….Okay.

「……You sure are kind.」

The one to break the awkward silence, was someone unexpected. Or no, maybe not so unexpected?

「In that case, why…. No, never mind……」

Yamada-kun, the one to break the silence, showed an expression of mixed feelings and then sunk into silence with an unreadable expression. With that expression showing that all sorts of feelings were jumbled up together, I couldn’t read what Yamada-kun had wanted to say. Or maybe I should say that it looks like Yamada-kun himself hadn’t sorted out his feelings. Since the time when I had pushed him aside he had simply kept the same stiff posture, and then finally sat down on his chair weakly. It was like he sat down with a thud, as if he really was sitting down in exhaustion. Ooshima-kun gently patted Yamada-kun on the shoulder out of concern. In response, Yamada-kun gently patted Ooshima-kun’s hand in return, perhaps as if to tell her not to worry. Stop flirting, dammit.

「Class-rep, why don’t you sit down too?」

Oni-kun spoke out to Kudou-san who had been standing until now. Kudou-san made an expression like a lost child for a moment, and after that she followed his advice and settled down on her seat.

「Well, I’m sure that everyone also has things that they want to say. Since we were living outside the elf village, we only know from rumours about how life was like here anyway, so I can’t say that I understand how everyone felt. However, I’m sure that you can tell from sensei’s attitude just now that she hadn’t shut everyone in here because she wanted to – that she hadn’t done this out of malice but out of good intentions. I hope that you can at least bear in mind that she was desperately trying to do this.」

Oni-kun made a calm speech. There were various reactions – those who listened seriously and those who somehow seemed to accept it uncomfortably.

「But, you know, that still doesn’t get rid of the fact that we were shut in here, right?」

Indeed, the one who brazenly responded to oni-kun like that, was Shinohara-san. In response to those words, Kudou-san made a startled expression. Back in their previous lives, the diligent Kudou-san and the uninhibited Shinohara-san got along badly. It seems that hasn’t changed now either.

「Yeah but, you know, if things had continued as they were then that Po… Po… Polimas or something guy was about to use us for something, right? From the way you guys are talking about it, it sounds like it was for something nasty. So doesn’t that mean that sensei was unknowingly an accomplice in all that? Are you saying we should forgive her because she didn’t know?」

Oi? What the hell are you saying? ……Shall I kill her?

「That’s true.」

「We’re in a fantasy world and all, yet we were kept caged like animals.」

「Even if you call it protection, it was still confinement.」

There were voices whispering support for Shinohara-san.

「But, we were guaranteed all of life’s necessities, so it wasn’t that bad, right?」

「It wasn’t quite what you would call the slow life, but I wasn’t really dissatisfied I guess.」

「I can’t really criticise her after she looked like that you know.」

On the other hand, voices in support of sensei could also be heard. The ratio was about half and half. However, the way both of them were saying it, it was a discussion like they both understood that either option wasn’t that good. They certainly had no small amount of dissatisfaction in their lives here. Despite that, they couldn’t go all-out to criticise sensei either. That’s what it felt like.

If I had to say it, then the boys are showing more dissatisfaction. I guess boys do yearn for adventures and stuff after all huh? They’re sending envious looks at Tagawa-kun who worked as an adventurer outside at least. Or perhaps it’s precisely because there is a successful example in Tagawa-kun here that they think so. It gives a feeling of “If only I could get outside, then I could do that as well”. Would it really go that well…?

「I better warn you, but it’s not easy living outside, okay?」

Oops, Tagawa-kun already spoke up.

「Hey dude, it’s totally unconvincing when you say it.」

One of the boys tossed out that retort. Certainly. When a successful guy like Tagawa-kun says that, it only sounds like he’s boasting.

「Okay then, let me ask you this – have you ever spent an entire day groaning in pain? Or maybe something lesser like getting a bone fracture or a really big wound?」

In response to Tagawa-kun’s words, the boys amongst the reincarnators exchanged glances.

「There was this one time when I made a mistake during work and fractured a bone.」

「Okay, try imagining this then – that is a daily occurrence.」

In response to the boy who had come forward, Tagawa-kun nonchalantly said that.

「Huh?」

「If you wanna be an adventurer, then injuries like that are a daily occurrence. Even if it’s cured by magic you’ll soon get a similar injury. Unless you can get used to being constantly bruised and wounded, you won’t be able to go on. By the way, if Asaka hadn’t been there for me my heart would probably have broken ages ago.」

Is he talking seriously, or is speaking fondly? I’m hesitant to decide which.

「Since I had something that I wanted to do no matter what, I started down the dangerous path known as the adventurer. However, I often regretted that. There were many times when I felt that I was about to die, and if Asaka hadn’t been there I don’t know how many times I would have died in practice. If you want to be an adventurer just because you yearn for it, then I’m telling you this for your own good – give it up.」

Tagawa-kun says that while surveying the boys. Hmm-mm. So which is it – is he talking serious or speaking fondly?

「I’ve been talking about the peculiar occupation known as the adventurer until now, but even apart from that it is dangerous outside. Due to the nature of my adventurer job, I’ve been to many places and seen many tragedies. People killed by monsters, people killed by bandits and so on. That doesn’t just affect the people who died either. There’s also children who lost all their relatives, and children who were abandoned for financial reasons. Class-rep, your family was poor, right? If you hadn’t come here, I wonder what would have happened to you?」

Tagawa-kun said something cruel to Kudou-san. She hung her head without being able to refute him. After all, Kudou-san had been sold by her own parents. Since she knows she was sold to the elves, it’s highly conceivable that she could have been sold to someone else. In that case I’m sure she wouldn’t have been sold as a baby, though perhaps once she had grown a bit older it would be possible, and where she’d end up sold to would be a matter of luck. It would have been fine if she had been sold to some prestigious merchant based on her intelligence as a reincarnator. However, considering the good looks that the reincarnators have, it’s highly likely that she could have been sold to an indecent place.

「But Tagawa can only say that because he’s experienced living outside, right? We never even had that choice.」

In response Shinohara-san’s words, the reincarnators again started getting noisy. Oni-kun clapped his hands to quieten those reincarnators.

「At the end of the day, I think it’s meaningless to talk about which would have been better. After all, the past cannot be changed. There is no way to change the fact that we are alive here right now. And that also goes for those who aren’t here – the people who have died. I think it’s better to think that it’s because you are alive that you have the luxury to talk about which would have been better.」

Simply being alive is a luxury. Having heard that, the reincarnators fell completely silent.

「You, who killed Yuugo, or rather Natsume, are saying that?」

Except for one person.

Author’s note: Please think of Shinohara-san in the web novel as being a different person to the one in the published edition.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 310: Crime and Punishment, Life and Death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

310 – Crime and Punishment, Life and Death

Due to Yamada-kun’s statement, the fact that oni-kun had killed Natsume-kun had become clear. Since Natsume-kun wasn’t amongst the reincarnators gathered at this treehouse, I think it’s likely that some people had guessed why. Even so, even if they had been able to guess that Natsume-kun had died, I really doubt that any of them could have imagined that it was one of their ex-classmates who had killed him. The proof of that, is in the chilly silence that dominated the room.

The only exceptions were Tagawa-kun and the tied up Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun. Also, the ones who knew it beforehand, or rather saw it in front of their eyes – Ooshima-kun and Yamada-kun. Since even Kudou-san had lost the ability to speak, naturally the others had looks on their faces showing that they either couldn’t properly digest Yamada-kun’s words or that they were befuddled. Even for those who understood, perhaps they doubted whether it was actually true or something, as they were glancing around restlessly at the others.

Most likely, for the reincarnators who had been living inside the elf village, death was probably a distant concept. For that reason, even when they were told that an acquaintance had died it didn’t feel real to them. Even more so that it was one of their ex-classmates who had done the deed. In Japan it was rare for people to die of anything except old age, and maybe that expectation had been carried over. In which case their sense of death would completely run counter to this world, where people die all the time whether they’re an acquaintance or not.

On that point, Tagawa-kun and Kusama-kun who were raised outside the elf village have a proper sense of life and death in this world. Which is why they’re not flustered. However, in comparison to that, why is Yamada-kun so indignant when he was also raised outside?

In the first place, Yamada-kun should have held a considerable resentment against Natsume-kun. After all, his father’s death and being chased out of his birthplace is because of Natsume-kun. Furthermore, Natsume-kun even did something so cruel as to brainwash Yamada-kun’s sister and friend, and set them on him. Eh? There was someone who allowed that to happen? Who might that be eh? Well, putting that aside. Even if Yamada-kun has had any thoughts of killing Natsume-kun, isn’t it too strange that he would actually want to let the guy survive? I don’t get it.

「Say, is what he said, true?」

The one who broke the silence, was Kudou-san. Oni-kun and Yamada-kun keep glaring at each other and don’t move. When those two glanced to the side, Kudou-san turned around towards me again to repeat her question. But ehh, you’re picking me!?

「If what he said was true, then does that mean that after you lot used Natsume-kun you then killed him?」

Hm, well, that’s mostly correct.

「I will not deny it.」

「I’ll take that as confirmation.」

In response to my answer, Kudou-san said that with a severe expression. Well, it’s not actually wrong after all. In practice, what I did is probably even more unscrupulous than what Kudou-san is imagining though. But I’ll refrain from saying that. I’m sure we’ll both be happier that way, yep.

「I’ll say this first – him being killed is simply something that would inevitably happen. Therefore, there’s no problem even if I killed him.」

「There surely is a problem!」

Interceding between oni-kun and Kudou-san, Yamada-kun jumped in with a shout. It surprised me a bit that he did something out of character and he had jumped up so quickly that he knocked over his chair.

「Shun. Since you are actually the primary victim, don’t you think it’s strange that you are sticking up for him instead?」

「Well, that might be true. It’s not like I have forgiven Natsume-kun, and I don’t have any intention of sticking up for him either.」

Oh? I guess Yamada-kun wouldn’t be able to forgive Natsume-kun after all huh. Well indeed, if he could forgive all that, he’d have to be some kind of incredible saint. Or rather, going that far would actually be too strange huh.

「However, despite that, isn’t it strange that you’re basically saying “yeah I killed him and it’s over”?」

In response to Yamada-kun’s words, some of the reincarnators showed signs of approval. Well..…. I guess so. Since they were raised in the enclosed environment of the elf village, it’s not so strange for them to have kept their sense of values from Japan. Criminals in Japan are impartially punished according to the law. The death penalty is only applied in the case of genuinely extreme crimes. There’s even a movement for abolishing the death penalty. The value of a person’s life is different compared to this world. That even applies to criminals.

「It was necessary for Natsume to live and atone for his crimes. He had the duty to do so. It was wrong to kill him and stop that. Once someone’s dead, then it’s all over, right?」

Hmm. He is certainly making a decent argument, but also, I can’t help but think that he sure is naive. After all, there’s tons of criminals in this world who don’t show the least inclination of atoning for their crimes. Taking his words at face value that no matter what kind of criminal they are they would eventually repent, is the kind of thing that only exists in expedient stories. If someone refuses to reform themselves no matter how much you try, then you’re just wasting your time with them. In such cases, I think it’s much neater to nip the problem in the bud and kill them off quickly you know. Well, since I don’t know what would have happened in Natsume-kun’s case, this is simply just my own opinion though.

「That’s true. Once someone’s dead then it’s all over. Killing is bad. That much is natural. It’s not something forgivable.」

Oni-kun approved of Yamada-kun’s words.

「In that case…」

「Then, isn’t it also natural that Natsume cannot be forgiven as he has taken many lives?」

Whatever Yamada-kun was about to say, oni-kun interrupted him. Carried within oni-kun’s words was a force strong enough to silence Yamada-kun.

「Listen Shun. People who have had someone close to them killed are not going to forgive the killer. No matter how much that person tries to atone for their crime, the hatred in their hearts will not vanish. It might fade. But, it will not vanish.」

Those words had a strong sense of it being something that he had experienced personally. On hearing such heavy words, it could be understood that someone close to oni-kun had been killed.

「Shun, I think what you are saying is praiseworthy. However, no matter how he struggled he was not in a situation where he could be forgiven. He had to die. That’s why I gave him a mercy killing. Can’t you agree with that?」

There’s no way that Yamada-kun would be able to refute oni-kun’s compelling argument.

「I can’t agree, indeed.」

Or so I had thought. However, something powerful shined in Yamada-kun’s eyes. Something unyielding was definitely there.

「Shun. Surely you can understand from seeing this world? This world is not like Japan. Life is cheap here. Even if you still carry your sense of values from Japan, can’t you see that it’s inevitable?」

Oni-kun asked the obstinate Yamada-kun that, trying to persuade him.

「It’s inevitable? Why do you think so?」

However, that gave rise to an unexpected counterattack.

「Certainly, life is cheap in this world. People die for minor reasons. It’s precisely for that reason that Julius-onii-sama also… no, never mind that now. Anyway, despite all that! Just because of that, that doesn’t make it okay to take those lives away so easily, right!?」

A shout. A shout with the power to overturn my perception from just earlier that he was naive. I had thought that he was naively sticking to his sense of values from Japan still. That was wrong. His shout indicates that Yamada-kun is still persisting with those naive thoughts, despite understanding all that.

「This world is not like Japan? Sure it’s not. Nothing in this world is like Japan. But, does that mean we gotta toss away our sense of values from Japan? That it’s hopeless?」

At Yamada-kun’s words, Ooshima-kun’s shoulders started trembling. Does that reaction indicate that Ooshima-kun had also thrown away her sense of values from Japan due to her life in this world?

「Kyouya. Let me ask you this instead. You said that it was inevitable. Aren’t you simply giving in and saying that it’s inevitable because that’s how this world is?」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 311: The Limits of Patience (Toilet)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

311 – The Limits of Patience (Toilet)

「Sorry. I know you’re having a serious conversation and all, but…」

Ripping apart the tense atmosphere was Kusama-kun, who we’d completely forgotten about. Kusama-kun, who was still tied up while facing Ogiwara-kun, had spoken up with a rather stiff expression that couldn’t be expressed in a still drawing.

「…I’m almost about to leak here. Do you mind if I go to the toilet?」

This led to a fascinating change of expressions in Ogiwara-kun, who was tied up together with him. He went from showing an appalled face expressing “You damn idiot who can’t read the mood” to a shocked face expressing “Are you serious!?”. Yeah, well. They are tied up together after all. So if Kusama-kun leaks, then it would indeed be bad for Ogiwara-kun who to stuck to him wouldn’t it. Naturally, you’d make such an expression.

「It should be fine I guess? It seems that some people need to calm down a bit anyway. So let’s take a little break.」

Before I could say anything, vampire girl went and declared a break. Not only that, the moment she gave that declaration she stood up from her chair in a rush and stomped outside. She’d had a bored expression that she didn’t even try to conceal since earlier, but she must have been really bored I guess…

「Okay then, toilet break!」

Kusama-kun vanishes while shouting that line. As if he had never been tied up, he vanishes in an instant. Ooh! That was rather ninja-like for once. So he could have instantly escaped at any time if he’d felt like it. I guess you could say that he more or less read the mood by not doing that without getting permission first? Was the reason why he declared an intention to go to the toilet also for the sake of changing the mood then? … Nah, no way. Of all people Kusama-kun wouldn’t do that. Most likely he simply couldn’t find the right timing to ask to go to the toilet. There are people like that aren’t there – those who need to go to the toilet for some reason at a critical moment. Like during an exam.

Due to vampire girl and Kusama-kun suddenly leaving, the other reincarnators seem a bit lost as to what to do. However, as if responding to oni-kun mutely sitting with his eyes closed, when Yamada-kun picked up the chair that had been kicked over earlier and calmly sat down, they began to move. They soon started doing whatever they felt like. Some people started to talk with others next to them and some people went upstairs, and so on.

Ah! Talking of upstairs, sensei should be being looked after right now! I’ll go take a look at how she’s doing.

Is it fine for me to leave since I’m the one facilitating this discussion though? With everything that’s been going I feel worn out anyway, so even if I’m not around it’ll work out somehow. Putting it another way though, it doesn’t feel like it’ll make any difference whether or not I’m here.

I stand up from my chair, and walk over towards the staircase. Somehow, I get the feeling that everyone left here really paid attention to me, but let’s just say that it was probably just my imagination. In particular, I feel that there were intense gazes stabbing at me from around Kudou-san and Shinohara-san, but I’ll just ignore that!

「If you’re going to where sensei is, then is it okay if I come along with you?」

While I’m feeling like I’m forcing my way through a bed of needles with my iron will, there’s one hero who fails to read the mood and calls out to me. Yeah, well, you are in fact the Hero in practice, Yamada-kun. Or rather, that’s not something you need to ask permission for anyway, and despite phrasing that as a question you’re totally brimming with the intent to get up from your chair you know.

Everything’s gotten so bothersome, so I silently make a nod signifying permission, and just ignore Yamada-kun otherwise while leaving. Yamada-kun follows me in silence as well. Behind him, Ooshima-kun follows with the sense of not really having anything else to do. There’s all these gazes following on behind us, but you lose if you worry about such things!

After silently climbing up the stairs, we arrive at the intended room. Just in case I’ll knock on the door out of politeness and wait for a reply. But, instead of a reply the door is opened from the inside. The one who opened the door is Kushitani-san who was attending to sensei.

「Come in. She’s still sleeping, so please be quiet.」

As might be expected from a former adventurer – it seems that she had sensed our approach. I’ve thought this since the start of the discussion, but Kushitani-san and Tagawa-kun are better at understanding the situation since they know both about the outside world and living inside this elf village. Perhaps because they have the experience of being self-sufficient as adventurers, their ability to make decisions feels different to the other reincarnators. There’s the example just earlier where she took the initiative to take care of sensei for a start. Regarding that, while Yamada-kun and the others had also lived outside, the key difference is that they had a sheltered upbringing.

At Kushitani-san’s prompting we enter the room, and can now see sensei who is laid out on a bed. She should have been conscious when Kushitani-san had taken her out earlier, but perhaps out of anxiety or something it seems that she’s been put to bed. Also, apart from the bed that sensei is sleeping in, this room has another bed, and there Hasebe-san is sleeping. Felmina-chan, who is monitoring Hasebe-san, is sitting silently beside that bed. Somehow… I feel that Felmina-chan’s gaze is really cold. It’s surely my imagination! Today I’ve felt all sorts of gazes on me, but I’m sure they’re all just my imagination! I gotta handle such things this way though! Okay!?

「How is sensei’s condition?」

Yamada-kun asks Kushitani-san that question.

「I can’t really tell. Rather than a problem with her body it’s a problem with her mind after all. She’s currently asleep due to fatigue, but I don’t know what will happen when she wakes up.」

Saying so, Kushitani-san closes the door. With her frank manner of speaking, that might come across as being somewhat heartless, but I’m sure she’s worried about sensei in her own way.

「How are things on your end?」

Rather than asking Yamada-kun, Kushitani-san asks that while looking at me. It seems that she’s asking how things went downstairs, since if the discussion has finished then it’s rather early for us to be showing up here.

「We’re taking a short break. I had rather derailed the conversation.」

Yamada-kun replies with a wry smile. So he was self-conscious about having derailed things huh.

「Well, it can’t be helped. There’s too many things that people want to ask, so the situation is one where you don’t even know from what point to start asking about.」

Kushitani-san glances at me while sighing. For Kushitani-san herself, it seems that she has concerns about what we’ll be doing from now on as well. Even if she is a former adventurer with much experience, being unable to envision how things will turn out is worrying, I guess.

「There’s just one thing I’d like to know. Wakaba-san, what do you plan to do with us from now on?」

Kushitani-san had gathered her resolve in order to ask that. Hmm. I can understand that it would take a lot of courage to ask such a thing, but in comparison my reply is going to be rather curt you know.

「Not much. There’s nothing in particular.」

「Huh?」

I guess even Kushitani-san wasn’t able to make sense of my reply, since she gave out a strange voice.

「“Nothing in particular”…」

Kushitani-san seems like she’s about to start clutching her head in bewilderment, but, yeah, well, anyway. It’s basically true though. The main reason why we wiped out the elf village was to kill off Potimas. After that, it was to free sensei who was being used, and after that it was to rescue the reincarnators who had been confined. To put it bluntly, rescuing the reincarnators was simply something incidental to killing off Potimas. Therefore, to be honest, I hadn’t really thought about what to do with the reincarnators. Whatever they want to do from now on, I think it’s fine for them to be free to do it. That being said, suddenly tossing them out and simply telling them they’re free to do whatever they like is a bit much, so I do plan to give them a minimum amount of support though. Well, they’re all plenty old enough when including their previous lives, so if I just prepare the basics for them I believe they should be able to support themselves. However, perhaps due to them being walled off in a little garden, it seems that mentally they haven’t grown that much, so it’s not like I have no concerns though.

It would be fine to explain all that, but it’s a pain. This damn mouth of mine! I wanna sue it for being hopeless at talking! That being the case, it’s best to simply offload everything onto somebody else at times like these.

「Felmina.」

「Yessir!」

And there’s an excellent sacrificial lamb available here.

「Take care of the rest.」

「……Yessir.」

There was quite a pause before her reply, but Felmina-chan can be depended upon to take care of the rest. I’ve seen how sensei is, and since this is a place for sleeping there’s no point in making it any noiser. Therefore I’ll be able to take a proper break now. This is definitely not a case of deserting under enemy fire. I’m not, okay! So anyway, I’ll head back.

Leaving the dumbfounded Kushitani-san and Yamada-kun and co, I turn around and leave the room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 312: The Limits of Patience (Boredom)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

312 – The Limits of Patience (Boredom)

On returning to the ground floor, it was quite distinct how the previously relaxed mood became strained again. The moment I returned, almost everyone there stabbed their gazes at me. Ahh. So my mere existence makes everyone else stressed out then huh, I see.

Kusama-kun hasn’t returned yet for a start, and there’s various other people who haven’t returned yet, so I guess this short break will continue for a bit longer then huh. Or rather, those gazes are like a storm so I’ll leave! For some reason Ogiwara-kun is sitting on the floor in a seiza, but I’ll pretend I never saw it.

I ignore the gazes stabbing at me, and continue walking so that I will simply leave outside. When it could be seen that I was about to walk past them, Shinohara-san started to stand up but she was stopped by the two girls sitting either side of her. I pretend not to notice that exchange, and continue walking through the doorway and go outside.

Sheesh. What’s with this sense of walking on a bed of nails. It makes me uneasy. Would it be okay for me to just ditch them? No good? Okay then…

Once this short break is over the explanation meeting will have to resume, but my excellent supporter in oni-kun is in a strange mood though. Maybe I can’t hope for support from oni-kun any more. If that’s the case, then I’ll need support from somebody else, but there’s only one candidate for that though.

Talking of that candidate, ie vampire girl, she’s summoned a black wolf and leaning against it while sitting down, endeavoring to bask in the sun. Oi, vampire. Are you okay with that? Is that okay with you, vampire? Somehow it appears that vampire girl has come up with a spectacle that seems to be picking a fight with all the vampires in existence. It would be a heartwarming spectacle if she wasn’t a vampire, but she is actually a vampire.

「What?」

Don’t you go “What?” at me! Apologise to the vampires who have failed to overcome direct sunlight!

「The weather’s lovely. If it wasn’t for the smell it would feel so nice that I could just sleep like this.」

Apologise! Apologise to all vampires everywhere! Sure, the weather is actually lovely. The sun’s rays are beating down on us. The black wolf that vampire girl is leaning against seems like it would make a nice fluffy cushion too. If something could be done about the smell drifting in from the burnt fields, certainly the weather would be so nice that you could just fall asleep. And while I’m thinking that, vampire girl really has closed her eyes and has a posture where it seems like she’s fucking sleeping.

「Oww!?」

Somehow I feel pissed off, so I lightly kick vampire girl in the side. Vampire girl glares at me with an angry expression, but that was a case of “force majeure” so it couldn’t be helped! It’s all vampire girl’s fault!

「What with you? Is it wrong to be sleeping?」

It’s wrong!

「It’s fine isn’t it. There’s no point in me being at such a gathering anyway. If there’s no need for me to be there then why can’t I just be absent?」

Certainly she might as well have been air earlier, but since it’s now looking like oni-kun has dropped out of being a supporter, carrying on like that is troubling for me. I need to impose the exposition role onto her somehow! Can she… actually explain things though? Wouldn’t that be rather worrying in various way?

「It was so boring I was about to fall asleep anyway. I couldn’t help it.」

Saying so vampire girl gives out a lovely yawn. Even when languid her bearing is excessively sexy. Dammit. Should I pluck off her outrageous breasts? Ah, no, never mind. An image forms in my mind of the Demon King gleefully reaching out her hands with a wicked smile, so I put aside any thoughts about breasts in a panic.

「In the first place, do you have any obligation to explain things to that lot, goshujin-sama? That Hero was prattling on about having the right to ask, but it’s not like he actually has such a right though? After all, we were just being considerate enough to give them an explanation. It’s not like we have any obligation to explain things to them at all, so we could just leave them alone.」

Wow vampire girl, it sure seems that you were storing up more stress than I had thought during that explanation meeting.

Well, it’s not like I don’t understand vampire girl’s feelings. Vampire girl has completely drawn a line under her previous life. She makes a clear distinction that her previous life is her previous life and her current life is her current life, so I think she regards the reincarnators as being like acquaintances from the past that she’s had some brief exchanges with. Or perhaps even less than acquaintances. Either way, that’s why she doesn’t think we have any obligation to be nice to them.

To be honest, that perception is not wrong. Our obligation to explain things to the reincarnators, is basically zero. However, they are in fact the victims here, so abandoning them while they have no clue as to what’s going on feels a bit too much, so basically, that’s the only reason to explain things to them. We have no obligation or duty at all. As vampire girl has said, the point Yamada-kun was making about having the right to ask, is also something we are only doing out of consideration after all.

「Or rather, why were you giving them such a thorough explanation, goshujin-sama? That’s more of a miracle to me. Since you’re so poor at explaining things.」

Hey, what’s with that last sentence! You know, that might in fact be the truth but there are certain things that you just mustn’t talk about, okay!

「This is the cold-blooded and inhuman goshujin-sama who has no trace of compassion after all.」

And she adds another such sentence. Vampire girl, my dear, shall we have a little TALK perhaps? It seems that we are having some communication difficulties here.

「Sigh. Fine then. I’ll take on the exposition role for you.」

Just when I was about to kidnap vampire girl to My Home to have a little DISCUSSION with her, she tossed out that proposal. What… the… heck!? Vampire girl, you could actually read the mood!?

「What’s with that surprised expression? Just what do you think of me, goshujin-sama?」

Piece of junk vampire. Perhaps my inner thoughts were transmitted, as vampire girl stands up with an annoyed expression on her face. The black wolf that vampire girl was leaning against disappears into vampire girl’s shadow as if being sucked in.

「Humph. I bet if everything was left to goshujin-sama this farce would just be dragged out. It seems like Kyouya-kun is being weighed down by various things as well and can’t smarten up either. It would be best to get this boring thing over with already.」

Saying so, vampire girl jauntily returns to the tree house where the reincarnators are. Who are you? Who is this person giving off the aura of being a capable woman?

「What are you doing? Let’s get started already so that we can get it over with already.」

Before she reaches the door vampire girl turns to look behind, calling out to me. Feeling like half my soul has come out, I follow after with unsteady feet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 313: The princess does things her way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

313 – The princess does things her way

On returning to the interior of the tree house, there was the sight of Kusama-kun and Ogiwara-kun tied up. With the way they’ve been bound, their situation is one of being constantly forced to face each other as if embracing. I had thought it was just Ogiwara-kun who was sitting in a seiza when I left earlier, but why has he been tied up with Kusama-kun again? ……Yeah. Let’s just ignore this. Walking ahead of me, vampire girl ignores this as well anyway.

Vampire girl returns to the seats where we had been sitting earlier. However, she stands there with her arms folded rather than sitting. However, she seems to silently urge me to sit, so I’ll take a seat for now.

「Okay then. We shall be resuming now. Is there anyone missing? There is? If there is then would someone please go call them.」

While vampire girl claps her hands, she raises her voice so that everyone in the room can hear her. While she is speaking in a relatively loud voice, it’s mysterious and amazing how she manages to keep an unimpaired air of refinement about her. Huh? When did she become so imposing again?

In response to vampire girl’s voice, the reincarnators who had been chatting until then become quiet. At the same time, Kudou-san gets up from her chair and leaves to go up the stairs. Yamada-kun and others haven’t returned yet, so it seems she’s gone to call them. On ascertaining that, vampire girl once again takes a stance of standing with her arms folded.

Oni-kun looks on at that with a quizzical expression. Yep. I fully understand oni-kun’s feelings. In situations like this vampire girl has never been at the forefront after all. Also, when vampire girl takes the initiative to do something, it’s normally a sign that something worthless is about to occur anyway. Oni-kun glances at me as if trying to ask me something. However, I have nothing to say!

After waiting for a while, Kudou-san returns with Yamada-kun and the rest. They each take their respective seats.

「Then we shall resume.」

Perhaps because vampire girl has taken on the role of facilitating the discussion, a different sort of tension fills the air. Compared to the air of tension previously, where there was a deep sense of worry about being unable to tell what would happen next and a dread about all these unknown people being around, the current tension seems to be purely because of the overpowering presence of vampire girl. Huh…? It somehow seems that the air of tension towards me is worse? Incomprehensible.

「I shall start off by telling you this – your situation is one of where you have been saved by us and you must understand that we have the power of life and death over you firmly in our grasp.」

Wha!? She somehow started by tossing out a bomb.

「Wait a moment!」

「Silence. Do not interrupt.」

Yamada-kun stood up as if to protest, but vampire girl silenced him. Physically.

「Gah!?」

I think it’s most likely that the only ones in this place who could understand what had just happened, are oni-kun and I. Even with Ooshima-kun and Tagawa-kun who are amongst the reincarnators who can fight to a certain extent, it probably wasn’t possible for them to follow vampire girl’s movements. As to what vampire girl actually did, she simply closed up to Yamada-kun and knocked his legs out from under him. However, it was simply the case that the speed at which she knocked his legs out required a degree of strength that was in no way normal.

Yamada-kun collapsed while knocking back his chair. I guess she held back somewhat, as Yamada-kun’s legs don’t appear to be broken. If she hadn’t held back, rather than his legs being broken, it’s more likely that the lower half of his body would have been blown away.

「We are providing you with this information out of kindness, or rather, out of a sense of courtesy. Do you understand? We, are, providing, you.」

Facing the collapsed Yamada-kun who is groaning in pain, vampire girl speaks to him as if addressing a little child.

「To put it bluntly, saving you was simply incidental to us while we destroyed the elf village. We could simply abandon you without giving any explanation at all. However, out of kindness for our relationship from our previous lives, we decided to grant you an explanation. That’s awfully kind of us, don’t you think?」

I don’t think a kind person would suddenly knock someone off their feet though. Or rather, such a person wouldn’t make statements that could be taken as a threat, such as having the right of life and death in their grasp.

「Hey.」

「You keep silent as well, Kyouya-kun. It’s your fault that this got derailed, so could you refrain from throwing the situation into further disorder?」

Taking the frank advice offered, oni-kun is silenced by vampire girl. That’s not something that should be said by the one who messed this place up right now though!

「You think you have the right to know? There’s no way that’s the case. You are currently in a situation where you are like prisoners of war. On top of that, you are refugees without a native country. So whether we let you live or die basically depends upon our mood. Is that understood?」

In contrast with the sweetly smiling vampire girl, the expressions on the faces of the reincarnators suddenly worsens. Previously the atmosphere had been like an extension of a class meeting, but with disturbing words like kill or live being tossed around, it seems that they’ve noticed that the situation they’re currently in is more dangerous than they had previously thought. Yep. Though the method used to make them understand was overly forceful though! What’s going to happen in this frozen atmosphere!

「That way of speaking…」

「Be silent already.」

Yamada-kun was about to say something again, but his face is ruthlessly kicked by vampire girl.

「Stop that!」

「Quit interrupting already.」

When Ooshima-kun moves to stop her, vampire girl slaps her in the face, knocking her down to the floor. What are you doing to a girl’s face!? As to whether Ooshima-kun belongs in the “girl” category or not, well, whatever.

「If you have any complaints then please leave. We have no responsibility to give you an explanation after all. If you say that you don’t want to listen then you can simply not listen. If you want to listen then be silent. It is a waste of time for you to talk.」

The room becomes as silent as the grave. Yamada-kun silently goes to Ooshima-kun’s side, and apart from applying Treatment Magic to the damaged parts, he doesn’t make any movements. It feels like even the breathing is quiet.

「Very good. Then listen in silence. I will not accept any questions along the way. Once you have heard everything, I will accept questions at the end. Until then, listen in silence. Okay?」

Nobody attempts to make any objection to vampire girl. These methods are completely from a reign of terror! Certainly this might be effective for explaining the situation, but aren’t the impressions afterwards are going to be so bad that it’ll be painful? How is this going to turn out? Actually, I don’t care anymore.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 314: Bomb-dropping
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

314 – Bomb-dropping

「How far into the explanation had I gotten to? Ermm.」

Vampire girl puts a finger to her chin, and began to ponder away like that. Yep. Actually, I hadn’t been listening to a thing she had been saying recently! With the sense of ignoring a long speech by a school principal, it was all going in one ear and out the other for sure.

「Well, it’s fine.」

It ain’t fine!

「Regarding the current situation of the world, let’s skip over it. To be blunt, if I spoke about stuff like the world being close to collapse it would just be a bother for you, right? After all, even if you heard about it it’s not like you’d actually be able to do anything. It’d just be a waste of time to hear about it. If you really want to know the details then ask later individually.」

Oi, that’s damn blunt. Well, what she’s saying is basically correct though. The majority of the reincarnators are ordinary people without any combat ability for a start. Even if that bunch of normies were told to stop the collapse of the world, they wouldn’t be able to do anything. Unlike a group of commoners in a certain movie, they’re not able to do something like fly out into space to drill holes in a giant meteorite that was about to come crashing down.

「First of all, this planet will not collapse during your lifetimes. So it’s a waste of time to worry about it. Rather than worry about something that’ll happen after you die, surely you should be worrying about what will happen to you next?」

Vampire girl gazes over the reincarnators. Since she had remorselessly knocked down Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun just earlier, there’s nobody who replies to vampire girl who seems to be looking for confirmation. However, several reincarnators respond to her attitude and nodded to confirm vampire girl’s words. They’re looking at vampire girl and nodding with serious expressions.

「As was said earlier, this elf village has fallen into our hands. So please think of your treatment as being like that of prisoners of war. However, it’s not like you’re actually enemy soldiers or something so you won’t be treated roughly. So long as you have good listening comprehension at least.」

I don’t think it was just my imagination that several reincarnators gulped audibly. Figures, huh? While she said that they won’t be treated roughly, she had just earlier knocked down Yamada-kun and Ooshima-kun. So as soon as the words had left her mouth they weren’t credible. I think it’s inevitable that her words would be interpreted as saying that unless you’re submissive you’ll be knocked down arbitrarily. Or rather, perhaps that’s her intention? Hmmm. I dunno if vampire girl is thinking about it that deeply or not though. I get the feeling that she’s simply saying whatever comes to mind without thinking about it. This is vampire girl we’re talking about after all.

「So, with regards to your immediate future, for the time being we intend to do what we can to accommodate your requests. If you seek asylum then we’ll take care of you, if you want to leave then just go ahead and do it. If you wish to remain here then feel free to do so. Well, we have killed all the elves for a start, and the barrier is gone as well, so I can’t really recommend staying here though.」

Yes, bombs away! A murmur rises up around the room. Probably, if not for vampire girl’s warning beforehand not to make a fuss, there’d be angry roars flying about now I guess? Or rather, vampire girl’s deterrent is effective enough that I’m actually impressed.

The common reaction of the reincarnators on hearing the fact that the elves had been annihilated was… confusion. Well, if you’d just heard that the people you had been living with and interacting with until yesterday had suddenly all been killed then I guess you would be confused as well. Based on what we had been saying since earlier, I’m sure they understood that the elves had fought with us and lost. However, I’m sure they hadn’t imagined that meant that the elves had been annihilated. At any rate, the majority of the reincarnators have no experience of war and combat, and have been living here like an extension of being in peaceful Japan. In return, the shock is all the larger. Amongst the reincarnators, some went pale, and some tried to laugh it off but failed.

「Hey.」

Perhaps he couldn’t bear to see the state of chaos, as oni-kun pulled on vampire girl’s arm.

「What is it?」

「Now’s not the time to talk about this, surely?」

「If not now then when? If you mean to conceal it then they’ll still find out about it sooner or later, so isn’t it better to tell them sooner?」

Vampire girl tears away her arm from oni-kun’s grip. He pulls his arm back without being able to offer a rebuttal. Uh huh. Certainly, while the reincarnators might be all confused now, it is still something that they would need to be told in due course. While this might be a big shock to all the reincarnators, it’s also not a good idea for us to spend forever dithering over it and keep saying nothing either. As vampire girl said, saying it right now from the start might be for the best.

「So it’s true, then……」

Due to the exchange between vampire girl and oni-kun, it seems that they understand that vampire girl’s previous statement was not a lie or anything of the sort. Leading to what Yamada-kun had muttered in a soft voice.

「That’s right. Oh, and don’t speak any further okay? I have no desire to listen to your opinion after all. Even if you have something you want to say I have no intention of listening. If you want me to listen even still then go ahead and use force to silence me and make me listen. I bet you can’t though.」

Scathing! Merciless! This is just cruel! Yamada-kun is gritting his teeth and seems to be about to cry you know! I think you could have used a slightly more indirect expression for that.

「Don’t whine on and on about something that’s over already. You’d be nothing more than a sissy. If you have a problem then you should have simply stopped it. I wish you wouldn’t turn a blind eye to your pathetic inability to achieve things yourself and then make a racket later.」

Scathing! Merciless! This is just cruel! Far from using an indirect expression she’s gone with the style of wanting to rub salt into his wounds! Yamada-kun is clenching his fist and trembling you know! How pitiful.

「At any rate, no matter the process the elves have been destroyed. That’s all you need to know. Also, what you should be concerned about is only what kind of livelihood you want afterwards. As for what occured here with one thing or another, or responsibilities, or what about justice or the like, I just don’t give a damn about that. Go ahead and discuss that between yourselves.」

After dismissing him as nonsense, vampire girl turns away from Yamada-kun. As if to say that he’s not even worth looking at.

「There will no longer be any aid given in this village. On top of that, since the barrier protecting this village is also gone, monsters will be able to enter as much as they want. With this place becoming a wasteland, if there is someone who’s attachment to this place is laudable enough that they want to stay anyway, then I will respect that wish. Do you want to stay?」

At vampire girl’s words, several of the reincarnators shook their heads from side to side. Well, that’s fair enough.

「If you mean that you don’t want to stay then we shall properly escort you outside of the village, or rather outside of the forest. After that we’ll then listen to your individual requests okay, as I had said earlier. We will try to accommodate your requests as much as possible. Of course, that’s only within the range of what we are able to provide.」

Indeed. I think we can more or less guarantee a minimum livelihood. I’ll knock them down if they ask to be able to idle away in a stately mansion though. I think we’ll be able to grant their requests so long as they don’t make any unreasonable demands. By borrowing the power of the Divine Word Religion it surely wouldn’t be difficult.

「Ah, that’s right. If you want to go back, you could just go back to Earth you know?」

Hm? Huh?

「We can go back!?」

Kudou-san, who had been patiently avoiding speaking until now, seemed to have stood up and yelled that without thinking.

「It’s possible, right?」

Vampire girl turns around to look at me to get confirmation. Eh? Umm. It’s not possible though?

I want to say that, but the gazes of the reincarnators full of expectation pierce into me at full strength. Vampire girl-l-l! Don’t drop unnecessary bombs!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 315: Hoping to return home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

315 – Hoping to return home

Because of vampire girl dropping an extra-large bomb, the reincarnators are in uproar. Even vampire girl’s previous threats had no restraining effect of them, such is the buzz in the air. Surely that indicates just how sensational it would be for them to be able to return to Earth.

However, unfortunately I can’t do that. It’s certainly the case that I had previously asked vampire girl about returning to Earth. However, that was only in the context of after everything was settled. The context of after the System is destroyed. Not in the current context where the System is still going strong.

The reincarnators are not able to return to Earth. The reason for that, is they have the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill.

Originally it was just a mysterious skill, but the effect of it is to link the reincarnators to the System in this world. The reincarnators are not originally inhabitants of this planet. Under normal circumstances the System on this planet would not have had any particular influence upon them after their original deaths and they would have returned to the normal cycle of reincarnation. Their souls were forcibly inserted into the System, and they were granted a second life. That is what the reincarnators are. So then, the thing that ties the souls of the reincarnators to the System, is the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill.

Because they have this skill, despite being outsiders, the reincarnators are able to receive the blessings of the System in terms of skills and status values. At the same time, this skill prevents the System from having intimate and perfect control over them. If the reincarnators die, unlike the natural inhabitants of this planet, they are able to return to the normal cycle of reincarnation. Once the System has intimate control over your soul, you will be trapped into endlessly reincarnating inside this incessant hell from then on. To ensure that doesn’t happen, while the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill grants the reincarnators the blessings of the System, it also manages them such that they aren’t completely brought into the System, basically. Ultimately, the reincarnators are simply temporary visitors from the perspective of the System and this world.

In short, the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill is extremely important to the reincarnators, but in this instance the skill gets in the way. Skills are something that are attached to the soul. In addition, the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill that is particularly essential to the reincarnators amongst all the skills, is firmly bound to their souls. In further addition, the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill is the bridge that connects the reincarnators to the System. In other words, it’s tied to the System. It cannot be disconnected. In yet other words, the reincarnators cannot be taken out from this planet where the System is.

If the System is destroyed, then that bond will vanish. Therefore, in the context of that being done I had asked vampire girl and oni-kun whether or not they wanted to return to Earth. It seems like vampire girl took a broad interpretation of that, and misunderstood that it would be possible to return right away. In practice, I am already no longer under the influence of skills in general, so I can go to and from Earth. However, that it something I am able to do because I don’t have any skills, and to take the reincarnators from this planet it would be necessary to either destroy the System, or for them to have no skills like me.

There does exist a skill that enables getting rid of skills, after a fashion. A method to offer up the power of one’s skills. However, when sensei applied that on Natsume-kun and his skills were taken away, the n％Ｉ＝Ｗ skill was the only one remaining. That’s just how important n％Ｉ＝Ｗ is, and how difficult it is to remove it. Well, since it’s an interface for conveying the influence of the System, I’m sure it’s impossible to use the System’s power from the inside to detach it. That being the case, there’s no other method to detach it other than to become a god like me. What’s with this impossible video game? Nai wa.

Well then, as for the possibility of using my own power to detach n％Ｉ＝Ｗ, it’s doubly impossible. After all, this is something made by that D you know? There’s just no way some meagre person like me can do something about it okay. Anything and everything concerned with the soul requires amazingly high level techniques. It’s not something a newbie god with only ten-odd years of experience can do anything about. If I forced myself to try something, I’d be scared of making the souls pop like a bubble.

And so, in conclusion, it’s impossible to return.

It’s like that but, now then, how shall I explain that? Ah, well anyway, it’s not like I gotta explain the whole theory in detail for a start – it would be enough to simply say it’s impossible you know. Starting with Kudou-san, a number of the reincarnators are looking at me with eyes replete with incredible anticipation. Maybe it would be bad to say “It’s impossible” in this atmosphere?

「Truly, can we return?」

Kudou-san seems so overcome with emotion that she’s moved to tears. Ahh. Yikes. Yeah, indeed, if you have lingering attachments to Earth then you’d want to return, right. Besides, since they have practically been living under house arrest in the elf village, from their perspective it has been a difficult life, so I guess it’s inevitable that they would become particularly homesick huh. Try thinking about my feelings since I gotta deny the possibility in this situation!

Dammit! That darn vampire girl! She really fucking dropped an unnecessary bomb!

The ones who quickly noticed that I appeared hesitant to speak, were vampire girl and oni-kun. Vampire girl inclined her head in doubt as if to say “Eh?” and oni-kun kept glancing at me repeatedly, avoiding my eyes. The two of them perceived the faint turmoil in me, and seemed to realise that it wasn’t possible.

Then, because of the reaction of those two, little by little the other reincarnators began to notice that something was off. The astonishment replete with the hope of returning, gradually turned into anxiety. Kudou-san, who had shown the most overt delight, somehow seemed to be staring at me with fawn-like eyes.

Ahh. Vampire girl, you really fucking dropped an unnecessary bomb on me. After all, if they’d never had hope about being able to actually return from the beginning, then they’d likely never think about such a thing. Without having the hope in the first place, they wouldn’t have despair either. Since their hope has been strangely brought out, when they understand that it is an illusion then their disappointment will be huge.

「It’s impossible.」

I resolve myself and simply speak that. Immediately following that, an indescribable atmosphere breaks out.

Vampire girl seemed to be just about to speak, so I activated my Evil Eyes and compelled her to be still. She was probably about to blurt out something like “Eh, but you had said before that we could return though?”, but I’d rather she doesn’t say anything further.

Certainly, in the case where the System is destroyed, it would be possible to return. However, I’m not intending to bother myself with what happens after the System is destroyed. My agreement with D doesn’t cover that either. Besides, as to whether or not I will be able to do it after the destruction of the System, there is no guarantee.

If it was just the pair of vampire girl and oni-kun, then if I made the preparations beforehand then I thought I might be able to manage it, which is why I had made that proposal before. However, I don’t have either enough time or raw energy to make the preparations for all the reincarnators. I can manage two or three people. What would happen if I was overly honest and revealed that now? Obviously there would be a scramble for the limited places. If it’s impossible to return everyone, then it’s better that everyone stays behind. At least that way, there won’t be any conflict in the scramble for the limited places and neither will there be any deep resentment from those who lost out.

The silence is so complete it’s painful. During that, Kudou-san sat down onto her chair with a thump. Or rather than sitting down, it’s might be more accurate to say that she lost strength and collapsed and the chair just happened to be there. That’s just how lifeless Kudou-san’s expression was. Without saying anything, she hung her head. In addition to Kudou-san, there were several others who couldn’t conceal the disappointment on their faces.

For unnecessarily stirring up hope, I’m sorry.

Even vampire girl felt uncomfortable in this atmosphere, and had an awkward expression. Seeing that, I cancelled the Evil Eye that I had activated on vampire girl.

「For today, let’s leave this matter here.」

I said that and stood up. There’s no longer any point in having a debriefing session with the mood like this. The reincarnators also need some time to think about things I’m sure. As if escaping from the frozen atmosphere in this place, I quickly moved to go outside. Somewhat flustered, vampire girl and oni-kun followed after me. Nobody tried to stop us as we left, and we departed the tree house. The closing door separated us from the reincarnators.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s32r: S32. Reborn
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S32 – Reborn

There was no other way to describe the atmosphere in the room after Wakaba-san and co left, except to say that it was the worst. Kudou-san, who is usually keeping everyone together, is crestfallen due to Wakaba-san saying that they can’t return to Earth.

I don’t know what the situation was like in this village. However, based on the ambience, I can conclude that they were somehow getting by, with Kudou-san at the core. The heart of the person who was at the core, is now fracturing. In this situation where everyone is anxious about the unknown future, with the fact that the person who formed the reliable core of the group has gotten disheartened, that appears to be casting a particularly heavy shadow over everyone’s hearts.

“I want to go back to Japan” – I think that is something that all of the reincarnators have thought at least once. I myself have thought that many times. The civilisation of this world is no match at all for Japan and there are many times when it feels lacking. Most of all, I want to meet with my family who were separated from me by my death. And eventually, I even thought this – “ahh, if I could only go back to Japan”.

Despite me being the prince of a major country, blessed with a luxurious environment, I have thought that as well. The others aside from me are surely carrying even more intense feelings. Kudou-san’s current state gives a graphic account of that. They were pent up in this elf village, leading a life devoid of freedom. Perhaps for all of them, it would be a matter of course that they would want to go back to Japan.

「Shinow」

Breaking the silence, Shinohara-san called out to the tied up Kusama in a cold tone. I recalled that Shinohara-san often treated Kusama like a gopher and called him Shinow. But, unlike back when she called out to him affectionately, now her tone is carrying a sense of hostility.

「Wh, what?」

「Is there really no way to go back to Japan?」

In response to that question, Kudou-san raises her head, surprised.

「The attitude of that lot just now, was suspicious, you know? They gotta be hiding something, right? Besides, if there really was no way to go back, then such a thing wouldn’t come up in the first place, right?」

Due to the conviction in Shinohara-san’s words, the gazes of everyone in the room focused on Kusama. Seemingly becoming frightened of everyone’s menacing looks, Kusama began to squirm and Ogi, who was tied up with him, grimaced.

「I dunno! I don’t know! Really! For real! I really don’t know anything about that okay!」

Kusama desperately defended himself. Based on his attitude, I can’t believe that he’s telling a lie. However, perhaps unable to discard the ray of hope, Kudou-san rushed over to Kusama and grabbed his shoulder.

「Hey, if you know something then tell me! Please!」

「I really don’t know, okay! If I could go back then I’d also want to go back and read more manga!」

Although Kusama gave a dumb reason for wanting to go back to Japan, his tone was sincere. Thought it felt more like that it was forced out of him by Kudou-san’s intensity, rather than it being the real reason for him wanting to go back.

「Calm down, class-rep. Kusama is saying that he doesn’t know, yeah? Cool your head a bit, okay?」

As if intervening, Tagawa gently pulls Kudou-san away from Kusama.

「You just don’t understand because you’ve been outside though! Just what do you think we’ve been through while living here!? You’re the one who’s been off having fun adventures!」

Completely unlike her normal self, Kudou-san raises her voice in disparagement.

「Ohh?」

However, it seems she trod on a landmine.

「Fun adventures? Having my relatives killed, and fighting on through sickening battles in order to get revenge, is a “fun adventure”!?」

This is bad!

「Tagawa! Restrain yourself!」

I immediately rushed over to Tagawa, and pinned his arms from behind. If I hadn’t done that, it seemed like he might have gone on to strike Kudou-san. Having slipped out of the rope before I noticed, Kusama was also standing protectively in front of Kudou-san.

「Ah……」

Behind Kusama, Kudou-san has been overawed by Tagawa and had collapsed to the floor with the blood drained from her face. Based on the colour of her face, I don’t think it was just due to her being overawed though.

「……My bad. I blew my top. I’m okay now. Let me go please.」

After calming his breathing that was disturbed during his rage, it seems that Tagawa has regained his composure. I believed his words and so released his arms. Tagawa threw a glance at Kudou-san, then turned around without comment, leaving up the stairs to return to his room.

「Ah…… I’m sorry……」

Kudou-san speaks that simple word of apology to Tagawa who is no longer here. Without rising from where she was sitting on the floor, she stayed there with a downcast posture. With her body trembling, a faint sob could be heard.

Again, the room is filled with a heavy mood. I think Kudou-san was at fault just then. I hadn’t known it either, but because she hadn’t known that Tagawa had been fighting in such circumstances, she insensitively touched on that sore spot. Tagawa’s words didn’t have an impact on Kudou-san alone, as the boys who had talked of adventures as if admiring them also looked uneasy. Although she hadn’t known, Kudou-san is at fault for carelessly treading on Tagawa’s landmine. But, despite saying that, I have no intention of condemning her.

「“I think it’s meaningless to talk about which would have been better”, huh.」

Unintentionally, I voiced Kyouya’s words from earlier. While I had refuted the words that he’d spoken afterwards back then, perhaps I can agree with this part. Each and every person, walks down their own individual path. It’s natural for those paths to each have their own joys and sorrows. It’s inevitable for people to brag about the sorrows that they went through. Since no matter what happened, the past cannot be changed. People must not focus on the past, but look to the future.

「Class-rep. We have already died once.」

We died once and then we were reborn in this world. That past cannot be changed.

「We died. Those of us here now, even if we have memories of our past lives, we are not the same. We have been reborn. In a new life.」

Class-rep, who is crying her eyes out, turns towards me. In her expression there is a sense of confusion at why I would be saying something so obvious at such a late stage, along with a certain amount of irritation as well.

「Even if we returned to Japan, since we are now different people, we don’t even have a place to return to.」

Class-rep gasps. Even class-rep should have known that logically. It’s just that she didn’t want to acknowledge it. Even though our appearance is similar to that in our previous lives, there’s no strong resemblance. There’s even those like Katia whose gender has changed. That alone makes one a different person. Even if we went to Japan looking like this, we have no place to return to. We are already residents of this world.

「Let’s think about the future. Such as what we want to do. Or what we should do.」

Saying that though, when I think about what I could do by myself, I have doubts. From now on, what on earth should I do?

――Atone.

I felt that those cursed words that had been echoing through my head all this time had gotten louder. When I get timid, it seems it’ll influence my consciousness more.

――Atone.

Shut up! Just what are you saying to atone for? Just what are you saying that I, that we, should do!?

「Shun?」

Perhaps sensing something strange with me, Katia called out to me anxiously.

「It’s nothing. It’s just that I was also thinking a bit about what I should do from now on.」

I’m not lying. I actually have no idea what I should do from now on in practical terms. So many things are muddled up and the insides of my head are in such a mess that I couldn’t sort things out either. However, for anything relating to the future, perhaps the expression “at my wits’ end” fit the situation to a tee.

Until now, I have taken actions based on my own convictions. However, was there actually any meaning in all that in the end? Julius-nii-sama died, father was killed in front of my eyes, Sue committed patricide due to Yuugo’s actions and the Kingdom has collapsed. In order to stop Yuugo, despite coming all the way to the elf village, in the end I collapsed without being able to do anything, then finally I heard that Yuugo had been used by Wakaba-san and co and disposed of. While I was unawares, a gigantic course of events occured. The actions I had taken until now, were those based upon my own convictions, but I now feel that they were simply engulfed by that gigantic course of events.

So what on earth should I do? In the first place, is there even anything that I can do with Wakaba-san and co as my opponents? I don’t feel that there is. Even just earlier, I wasn’t able to offer any real resistance and couldn’t do anything except to pathetically grovel on the floor.

――Atone.

I shake my head, to drive off my timidity and that curse. Despite that, the curse continues to ring. Even so, I can’t do anything except to pretend that I can’t hear it.

「Shun. Are you really okay? You’re looking unwell.」

「Yeah. It seems that I’m still not fully recovered. I’ll return to my room and rest for a bit. I’ll cool my head there for a bit and think about what to do from now on.」

I responded to Katia’s concerns like that, and began to walk back to my room. There wasn’t anything unusual in my response, right? Due to this damn curse, it seems I’ve gotten emotional. Even during my arguments with Kyouya, I should have been able to do it more amicably. Kyouya surely has his own circumstances too, yet I got emotional and forced my own opinions on him. Next time, we should have a proper talk with just the two of us.

The opportunity for that, never arose. The world changed more rapidly than I had expected, without even giving me time to think. As if anything and everything was turning worse and worse.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 316: Those who seem to want to be my friends are looking this way
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

316 – Those who seem to want to be my friends are looking this way

「Guh-hah!」

My beautiful roundhouse kick connects and vampire girl collapses on the spot clutching her side. To cause a precise amount of damage to vampire girl, yet not send her flying due to inertia at the same time, is just how exquisitely controlled my roundhouse kick is. How admirable, even if I do say so myself.

「H, how unreasonable.」

Vampire girl is saying something while collapsed on the ground, but it seems I can’t hear it? I tie her up with my threads, and then drag her off behind me. With normal people the scraping would seem likely to leave you covered in scratches, but hey, with your defensive strength it shouldn’t be a problem. Stay there kissing the ground as much as you want.

「Shiro-san! Wait a moment!」

As I was dragging off vampire girl, oni-kun grabs my shoulder and stops me.

「I know that Sophia-san made a gaffe, but you have some responsibility for this as well, Shiro-san. Aren’t you going too far?」

Da heck? While oni-kun is telling me this nonsensical stuff, I give him a long hard look. My ten pupils, which I normally keep closed, stare into oni-kun’s eyes. Oni-kun wavered for a moment from the pressure from my Evil Eyes, but he endured and started speaking again.

「Your explanations are too brief. Shiro-san, while we are taking action based on our understanding of your brief explanations, there are limits to that. There is not enough “hourensou” (reporting, communicating and consulting) between us. The cause of Sophia-san’s gaffe is Shiro-san’s insufficient explanations.」

“Hourensou” (spinach)? Mmm, sounds delicious. Er, not.

Ermm, so what’s the problem? Is oni-kun trying to tell me to explain things more? Telling ME to explain things more! Nai wa.

「Shiro-san?」

「Hey-y!?」

As I ignore oni-kun and start walking again, oni-kun seems bewildered and vampire girl raises a voice in protest while being dragged behind me.

「Shiro-san, are you listening to me?」

「Yeah, yeah! I think this treatment is rather unfair!」

I ignore the squawking of those two. Vampire girl is flopping around to try to escape from the binds, but I ignore that as well. Did you really think that would be enough for you to escape from my threads? Don’t you know? You can’t escape from god.

While dragging vampire girl along, we head towards the destination. Vampire girl continued making a racket, but it seems that oni-kun gave up along the way and followed in silence. While he is being quiet, since he’s following us, it seems that he doesn’t agree with this.

「This is……」

However, his silence was broken the moment the destination became visible. In contrast to oni-kun who opened his mouth, vampire girl closed her mouth the moment she saw it. Well, it’s overwhelming isn’t it. There’s a super huge UFO right in front of us after all. My destination was this UFO. This is the spaceship that Potimas tried to use to attempt to escape from this planet at the very end.

I ignore the dumbfounded pair and step into the UFO without pause. Of course, vampire girl is also dragged along behind me without pause. After being left behind, oni-kun rushes to catch up and resumes following us. Both oni-kun and the still tied up vampire-girl look over the UFO in curiosity. Because it’s so damn large, simply walking through it is tedious due to the distances, but even so I don’t think you’d get bored looking at it. At any rate, since this UFO was created under the assumption of going through a long journey in space, it is furnished with equipment appropriate for such a journey. Since those can be seen, it is probably interesting enough simply to observe such things.

Well, since vampire girl is still tied up, seeing her observing things while stretching out like a shrimp is awfully surreal though. I understand that she can’t see without taking such a posture, but I think a lady shouldn’t allow herself to be seen like that. Eh? Just who is it that tied her up? That is one thing, this is another.

The observation tour ends with the inclusion of the destination. At my destination was a place that could also be called the innermost part of the UFO and there was the Demon King facing some monitors, with Mera on guard duty with her as well. Having had an all-night vigil, Mera gives off a sense that he might even be standing up while unconscious.

「Oh? Welcome.」

The Demon King notices us and gives a greeting. While the conference between us and the reincarnators had been going on, it seems that she moved to this UFO. Well, that’s why I had come here as well.

「Has Sophia-chan done something again?」

「What do you mean “again”, Ariel-san? With the way you’re putting it, doesn’t that make it sound like I’m always doing something?」

Eh? What is this girl saying? Her lack of self-awareness is scary. See, even the Demon King is making a wry smile you know.

「Shiro-chan too – don’t bully Sophia-chan too much okay?」

This is not bullying, ma’am. This is what’s called educational guidance, ma’am.

「So, what happened?」

「Well, you see…」

For some reason the Demon King asks that while looking at oni-kun instead of me, and oni-kun responds to the Demon King’s question without raising any doubts about that aspect. Yep. That’s the correct way to deal with this. While it might be correct, the fact that it seems to be saying that I cannot be relied upon is annoying in its own way. I can do it if I try you know! It’s just that I don’t try, but I could do it if I did try! I think?

「Ahh. So that’s what happened.」

Having listened to oni-kun give a basic explanation of the circumstances, the Demon King looked at vampire girl with an “ack” expression.

「Well, it was partly Sophia-chan’s fault for making a slip of the tongue, but I guess Shiro-chan holds most of the responsibility for not explaining things properly.」

Objection! I cannot be at fault! I did nothing wrong!

「What’s the actual situation? Can they really not go back to Earth?」

Suddenly, the Demon King asks me that with a serious expression.

「Impossible.」

I simply replied with that.

「Yup. If Shiro-chan says it’s impossible then it probably is impossible. However, why is it impossible, what is the reason for that? It’s because she didn’t hear such details that Sophia-chan made a slip of the tongue. You know how critical information is, right? And so Shiro-chan, you’re the only one who knows everything about how valuable various bits of information are. You gotta consider Sophia-chan’s situation since she can barely determine the credibility of the information she is given.」

Being gently admonished like this by the Demon King, I can barely prevent myself from showing a sulky expression. Are you my mother or what? Ah, you’re my granny, sorry.

「Shiro-chan, since you’re always trying to complete anything and everything entirely by yourself, you’re careless when it comes to working with others you know. You think that talking with others is unnecessary. So you see no need to try to talk. Since you can’t bring yourself to do that you then gotta do everything by yourself. So you’re basically a natural loner.」

That’s some awful stuff you’re saying but I can’t deny it.

「Well, I also think that it can’t really be helped either you know. I myself was just the same before I met with you, Shiro-chan. I guess it’s the fate of those with outstanding abilities」

Just by looking at the status values of the Demon King, without question she is the strongest person in the world after all. Even with her subordinates in the spider army, since they were increased simply by using the Spawning skill, they’re more like underlings who are avatars of herself anyway.

「That being said, Sophia-chan and Wrath-kun are your friends you know. So even if you’re bad at communicating, wouldn’t it be better to stop avoiding it and face them properly?」

Eh? Friends? Okay? Friends. Hmm. Ah, I see. Vampire girl and oni-kun are my friends huh. To have actually noticed that, that must make you a genius I guess, Demon King? Eh? I don’t really get this but somehow it’s all become confusing you know?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 317: Pals
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

317 – Pals

Author’s note:

Summary of the – Demon King says「You guys are friends!」and Shiro goes (WTF) “S, say whhaAATT!!” (MIND BLOWN)

What are “friends”? It’s a noun. Yep. That’s not really wrong, but that’s not what’s being referred to here is it.

What are “friends”? A relationship where you do the same things. A business relationship, where you have the same status. Kindred people with similar tastes. There’s slight variations between these examples, but they have similar meanings. In other words, it refers to a group who are similar.

Are we actually similar though? To be blunt, we’re not similar in terms of combat ability. I am outstanding and the others are far behind. It would be hard to say that we’re a group in that regard. However, it can be said that we are a group in the sense that we have the same objective.

That being the case, are we really “friends”? Wouldn’t that be incredible. For me, who has always thought of myself as being a loner since my previous life, to have actually made friends already!

Erm. Ermmm. So how exactly do you deal with friends again? Please teach me, o exalted one!

「Shiro-chan isn’t recovering from her freeze. This is hopeless. It was too early for Shiro-chan to deal with the concept of friendship. I’d been sure that she’d been putting in the effort and had achieved results too.」

「Umm?」

「Wrath-kun. As you can see here, Shiro-chan is a child whose emotions are still highly undeveloped. You mustn’t be tricked by her appearance or atmosphere. So when Shiro-chan is about to do something unreasonable, it’s generally because she’s simply using violence to cover up the fact that something is inconvenient to her. See? Putting it that way, she sure sounds like a child, right?」

「Uh, umm.」

「Because of that, when you think she’s doing something bad, you must deal with her not in the sense of stating an opinion, but in the sense of scolding her. Don’t expect her to ever improve if you don’t do this.」

「Scold her? Me?」

「Sophia-chan is like that, so I can only rely on you.」

「Hey! What do you mean by “like that”!?」

It’s kinda noisy out there, but currently I’m desperately thinking about pals so I wish they’d be quiet. Ermm, the friends I know… are the party members in the games I played, right! I see, like with party members I can appreciate them when I feel so inclined and when they’re annoying I can just kick them out! That being the case, I had briefly considered patting vampire girl on the head in appreciation but for some reason when I look at her making a racket while still trussed up like a bagworm, I got annoyed and kicked her.

「Why was I kicked just now!? Hey! Why!?」

Silence. That’s just how friends are, right?

「It feels to me like Shiro-chan has established a fundamental flaw in her understanding, but well, whatever.」

「Ariel-san, please don’t just give up here.」

「Putting that aside…」

「Putting that aside!?」

The Demon King and oni-kun are having an exchange like something from a comedy skit. However, one of them has a serious expression – the Demon King. It seems to be something important.

「Shiro-chan, what do you think about this?」

The Demon King gestures with her chin at the monitor while asking me that. Due to her grave expression, it seems that oni-kun and vampire girl realise that this is a serious matter. They focus their attention on what’s written on the monitor…… though vampire-girl is still trussed up like a bagworm.

「Where is the problem here?」

Oni-kun spends some time reading over the article projected onto the monitor, but it seems that he doesn’t see the problem that the Demon King spotted. Because vampire girl has uselessly high pride she won’t say that she doesn’t understand, but from her expression it seems she doesn’t understand either.

「This is definitely a problem.」

The Demon King is gazing at the contents, seemingly confounded. What was written there was a piece of Potimas’s sort-of diary. It seems that because he had a diligent personality he would write about the events of the day in his diary and without missing a single day. Well, since he’s simply just robotically writing down the events of the day in a plain manner, I feel that it’s difficult to call it a diary though. Basically, there’s almost nothing about his personal impressions. In some places he does write things that feel like his feelings on his research, but that’s extremely rare. Since the writer almost never conveys his emotions, it’s not really a diary I guess.

However, in the portion that the Demon King is pointing to, Potimas’s emotions can be seen for once in the contents. What’s contained within there, is impatience. And suspicion.

〈The total amount of MA Energy has suddenly deteriorated substantially. The cause is unknown. It likely has a connection with the dimensional quake that was simultaneously observed by our equipment, but at present I cannot say what. This is clearly an abnormal event. Such a thing has not occured once since the System was put into operation. Has a serious defect occured within the System? Is it safe to stay on this planet? It is uncertain. I have been forbidden to depart from this planet by Gyuriedistodiez, but perhaps I should prepare to escape anyway.〉

Yup. It’s that. That particular incident perpetrated by the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King. By meddling with the use of Dimension Magic, they caused an explosion in a classroom in Japan. This is an entry from the time when the event that caused us reincarnators to reincarnate into this world occured. Owing to what was perpetrated by this pair, we reincarnators were born in this world, and also the Demon King became the new generation Demon King in order to desperately secure the MA Energy that had been lost in the aftermath.

Vampire girl and oni-kun have already heard a summary of this incident, so they wouldn’t be astonished about reading that aspect. That’s probably why they’re baffled as to what the Demon King is questioning them about. However, this is a big problem. After all, the one who wrote this is Potimas.

「What does this mean? It wasn’t Potimas who instigated the Hero and Demon King?」

Yep. That’s the point. With regards to Potimas being the one who induced the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, what’s astonishing is the fact that the mastermind actually turns out to be someone else. Eh? It’s possible that those two simply did it by themselves you ask? There’s no way that a bunch who didn’t even know the first basics about the System would be able to do such a thing you know. There would have had to have been someone who taught them about the System. Without that, ignorant humans couldn’t possibly have gone beyond space and time to actually reach D in that classroom. Because even Potimas didn’t know about the existence of D it seems.

…….And having concluded that, the culprit is obvious. The Demon King should realise this too. It’s just that she doesn’t want to accept it.

「That’s right. Everything is my responsibility.」

The voice of a third party who wasn’t amongst us is heard. The one who had appeared via teleporting through space was the person I had expected. An administrator of this world, wrapped in black full-body armour. That person being Kuro, aka, Gyuriedistodiez.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 318: Weren't we friends!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

318 – Weren’t we friends!?

Good evening everybody. Welcome to the deciding match to determine the number one in this other world. The reigning champion is Administrator Gyurigyuri. The challenger facing him is the Demon King. God Vs the Demon King might be a common development, but precisely because it is common this is a traditional bout. Will god be the winner here? Or will the Demon King manage to overthrow him? Don’t miss it.

Well now, the Demon King attacked before the gong signaled the start of the match! How dirty! However, this is the Demon King after all. Calling the Demon King dirty is a compliment!

The champion takes a solid hit from the surprise attack, and is blown back! A straight right to the head! The champion is unable to endure and stumbles! How did you view that exchange, spider commentator B-san?

Well, I believe that the champion intentionally took that blow just now, spider reporter A-san.

Meaning?

The champion was completely aware of the Demon King’s surprise attack. However, he received it on purpose without dodging or guarding. This surely indicates that the champion believes that he has that much of an upper hand.

I see! By receiving the challenger’s first attack on purpose, he aimed to flaunt just how big a difference there was between them! But oh! The Demon King doesn’t stop there! The neck? Whether or not we can actually call that his neck I’m not sure, but anyway, his neck is grabbed and he’s pulled down to the ground! She’s straddling him now! This is the mount position!

「What is the meaning of this!」

Now the Demon King makes a demand! But while doing so, you can feel her resentment against the unresisting champion! Fight! This is an appeal to fight seriously!

「……Sorry.」

However! The champion still shows no intention of fighting! Just what is going on here I wonder!? Has the champion lost the will to fight!? The Demon King starts punching the champion!

Phew. I’ve gotten bored with pretending to do a live coverage.

「Ariel-san! Wait! Stop that!」

Oni-kun stops the Demon King, who had been pounding Kuro in the face, by grabbing her arms from behind. Even while in oni-kun’s arms the Demon King still keeps trying to punch Kuro, but she is pulled off by force and is unable to continue. During the battle with Potimas the Demon King lost the majority of her power. She’s become so frail that she’s as weak as she looks, or even more so. When oni-kun used his strength to pull her off, she wasn’t able to resist him at all.

Good job, oni-kun. The current Demon King is like a sick person who needs complete bed rest after all. It’s bad for her body if she gets a bit violent. That being said, without her being able to vent her feelings to some extent she wouldn’t be able to accept the situation, so I thought it best to let her punch Kuro a few times and stayed out of it. He stopped her at a good time. Just what I’d expect of a man who can read the mood.

Eh? What about vampire girl? She’s still trussed up like a bagworm and her mouth is agape since she’s unable to grasp these events, but, so what?

「What is the meaning of this?」

「Sorry.」

When the Demon King lashes out that demand at Kuro while still being restrained by oni-kun, he simply repeats his response of “sorry”. I give him a contemptuous look and go back to reading Potimas’s diary that the Demon King had been looking at until just now.

〈While outside, I came into contact with one of the bodies that Gyuriedistodiez controls. This is unusual. I was asked if anything unusual had occurred, but without doubt he is referring to the sudden drop in MA Energy and the simultaneous occurrence of a dimensional quake. Of course, I have no intention of revealing my own information. Instead I tried to probe him for information, but he himself didn’t seem to know what had actually occurred. In the end we separated without achieving anything. I need to collect information on this abnormal event that even he himself didn’t understand.〉

〈A new Hero has been chosen. He is the second prince of the Anareich Kingdom, Julius. I don’t care about them, but the fact that a new Hero has been chosen means that Hero Dalthsmeig has died. Considering the timing it is likely connected to the dimensional quake from the other day. If Dalthsmeig caused the dimensional quake, then it makes sense. I am unable to confirm if a new Demon King has been chosen, but if the old one had been working with Dalthsmeig then he has probably died as well. And yet, Gyuriedistodiez is still alive. In other words, it means that they failed. Useless.〉

〈One of my newly born substitute bodies began to say strange things using Telepathy. It is implausible for a baby to use Telepathy when their sense of self would be barely developed, but the contents of the conversation was even more implausible. However, the contents themselves were genuinely interesting. Is this person a reincarnator with memories of a different world? When I think about where the MA Energy could have gone from that dimensional quake, I would never have expected it to flow to another world. It is unknown why something that should have been aimed at Gyuriedistodiez would do that, but it has certainly become interesting. Reincarnators, other worlds, souls that are different to our own. If I can use them, perhaps I will be able to achieve a breakthrough in my stalled research? It is worth making an attempt. In which case, I must secure the specimens immediately. Fortunately, the substitute body who had told me about the reincarnators, Firimes, also wishes to secure the reincarnators. I shall grant her that wish.〉

Erm, yeah. What to make of this. Just reading this vile stuff makes it feel like my soul is being shaved away. This is the attitude of a guy who doesn’t think that bad stuff is actually bad and then just calmly carries it out. Whether it’s the Hero from two generations ago or the previous generation Demon King or even sensei, he doesn’t see them as individuals and instead it’s acutely clear from these short articles that he only sees them as tools. Well, I knew it already, but Po-no-ji sure is scummy!

So long as we have this historical data, we should be able to find out what happened with the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, but I guess it’s not necessarily to investigate that far. Or rather, I don’t really want to look in detail. I can already see the basic outline. Well, I knew about it already though.

「You know, I had thought of Gyurie as being a friend and a comrade of my own accord, but, was that simply my misunderstanding?」

Oops. I’d been leaving them alone but the exchanges between the Demon King and Kuro have gotten rather serious. The Demon King seems about to cry at any moment you know. Of all things, to make such a little girl cry, you’re the worst, Kuro! ……. Well, putting such jokes aside, I guess I better intervene huh.

「Loser.」

Ah, I made a mistake. I unintentionally called out to Kuro with my inner voice. Well, whatever.

「If you don’t explain things properly you won’t be understood. Stop apologising and explain things from the beginning.」

Kuro, who was sitting up after having fallen on the ground, opened his eyes wide. Even the Demon King turned around to similarly stare at me in wonder.

「……Eh? Isn’t that a bit rich coming from you, goshujin-sama?」

Vampire girl was talking about something strange, so I kicked her for the time being.

Shameless by Ruman: Do you like adventure, skills and harems? Check out an original novel hosted on RTD, I Have Unlimited Wives Slots!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 319: If good intentions could save the world we wouldn't be suffering
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

319 – If good intentions could save the world we wouldn’t be suffering

After silencing vampire girl, I listened as Kuro began to explain things once again. Well, since he added feeble comments like “It’s all my fault” and “due to my mistake” and such at every turn, a lot of unnecessary words crept in so it took time simply to listen to it all. But, well, to summarise it all in three sentences it’s like this:

Kuro appealed to the Hero and Demon King for a truce between the humans and demons. Po-no-ji instilled the idea that the administrators were evil into the heads of the Hero and Demon King. The Hero and Demon King went “Okay, let’s attack the administrators!”.

So why did this all happen? Well, to go into detail, the course of events is as follows. Firstly, the souls of the inhabitants of this world, especially the souls of the demons, had become especially degraded and the birth rate of the demons began to decline. Because of that the demons could no longer afford to go to war anymore. Kuro could foresee that the demons would die out at this rate, so he called out to the Hero and Demon King to have them form a truce.

So far so good. Kuro’s judgement wasn’t wrong. I don’t know what the situation was back then, but considering how desperately Argnar and Balto were running around trying to revitalise the demons, it’s not hard to imagine just how desperate they were to resolve it. In the first place, considering the fact that Kuro took action when he’d just basically been a spectator until then and hadn’t proactively taken any action, it’s possible to understand just how bad the situation had gotten. Perhaps if Kuro hadn’t taken action and the wars had continued, then it’s possible that by the time we reincarnators had been born that the demons would have been destroyed. Even if that’s an exaggeration, the situation would have gotten dire for sure.

However, this is where Kuro’s miscalculation occurs. Namely, that Po-no-ji had already gotten into contact with the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King. Thus, like he had persuaded sensei as well, he instilled into them the theory that the administrators were evil. The theory that the administrators made use of the inhabitants of the world, such as the Hero and Demon King, forcing them to fight in order to build up power and then to take it from them after their death. That’s practically true, but if that’s all you heard then of course you’d figure that the administrators were evil. Despite the fact that they were actually desperately working to revive the world.

Only the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King themselves know what they thought when they heard from both Kuro and Po-no-ji. Both of them are already dead though, so it’s not possible to find out the truth. However, considering the result, they can be seen as idiots who impulsively challenged the administrators to a fight and pointlessly wasted MA Energy.

Why was it possible for the available MA Energy to decrease by such a large amount? It would be impossible to decrease the amount of MA Energy no matter how much one challenged the administrators to a fight. At least if the Hero and Demon King weren’t involved.

There’s various hidden elements within the Hero and Demon King titles. It’s the consequence of that ill-natured evil god cramming in weird stuff. The Hero becomes stronger when facing the Demon King. That’s because the Demon King is born from the long-lived demons and is often far superior to the human Hero, so there’s a preventative measure granted to avoid a one-sided battle. In the case where the Hero and Demon King fight with a large discrepancy in capability, the Hero consumes MA Energy and is able to gain a temporary power-up as a result.

In fact, such a power-up has been provided to a situation other than that of the Hero vs Demon King. That situation being when they face gods. Currently the only proper god on this planet is Kuro. Sariel cannot move herself since she’s a part of the System. In other words, the only one who can take action against outside enemies is Kuro.

The gods are in a territorial battle over the possession of planets. This planet was abandoned by the dragons because there was no profit to be had from a place that was on the verge of ruin, so it would be unlikely to be targeted. However, it can’t be proven that it would never happen. It can’t be proven that the dragons who gave up the place would never return for a start, and perhaps some stray god might unexpectedly turn up. The Hero and Demon King are there as a means to oppose such gods. When the Hero and Demon King challenge a god, they consume MA Energy and are able to get a power-up.

Of course, it’s not like they’d be able to win against a god that easily for a start, and the amount of energy required to be able to contend with a god, even temporarily, is not something that can be safely squeezed into a single person. In addition, since the opponent is a god, the amount of MA Energy consumed is incomparable to a Hero vs Demon King battle. Even so, such a function exists. In addition, to be blunt, this function can also be applied to the administrators.

WTF? Yeah, exactly. If this was an online game, this would be like allowing players to make suicide attacks on the GMs. And on top of that, using it would be capable of bringing down the server. You’d have to be stupid to have a feature that makes it possible to overturn the foundation of the game itself. That’s not a feature, that’s a bug.

However, the answer in this case is “that’s not a bug, that’s a feature”. After all, the one who created it is that evil god you know. I think that D wanted the inhabitants of this world to have the option to also challenge the administrators. If you asked her what’s the point in that, I’m sure she’d simply say that it’s “because it seems more interesting this way”. For mere humans to challenge god. I don’t know if doing that would be able to change this world, but for D wouldn’t the event itself be enjoyable even if it was meaningless?

Yes it would. In other words, the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King decided to challenge the gods known as the administrators, consumed MA Energy and were successfully able to gain an enormous amount of power for an instant. As compensation, naturally a large amount of MA Energy was consumed and they lost their lives.

Probably in their own way they thought that they were doing something good I guess. However, the end result was simply that the MA Energy was wastefully consumed and world was put into a predicament. To make things worse, us reincarnators from another world were killed off so fucking unnecessarily. What a bunch of clowns huh.

Now then, I guess you’ve noticed, right? The fact that in the course of events thus far, Kuro isn’t particularly responsible for the mess.

「Based on what you said, doesn’t the fault lie mainly with Potimas?」

「Hardly. It’s my responsibility for failing to explain the situation properly to the Hero and Demon King.」

Against the Demon King’s reasonable opinion, Kuro stubbornly argues that it’s his fault. Even during the middle of his explanation he repeatedly emphasised that it was his fault.

In practice, it can’t be declared that Kuro has no responsibility at all. I don’t know what explanation Kuro gave to the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, but if he had been able to sufficiently gain their trust then all this wouldn’t have happened. Instead they found him less trustworthy than Po-no-ji. How sad.

That being said, it’s obvious that the most fault lies with Po-no-ji who deceived the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King. Going by what I’ve seen in Po-no-ji’s diary, Po-no-ji didn’t particularly trust those two and they independently went and self-destructed all on their own, it seems. It’s likely that from Po-no-ji’s point of view, he was aware that he would have simply been lucky if they had defeated Kuro for him. Po-no-ji is just stupidly capable for being able to correctly figure out almost the entire truth from that situation. Which is exactly why he’s so nasty though!

「Gyurie, what are you hiding?」

「I am not hiding anything. I was pathetic. That’s all there is to it.」

The Demon King presses that question to him, but Kuro plays dumb. However, since things have come this far, it’s blatantly obvious that Kuro is hiding something.

「Because I taught them fragmentary knowledge about the System, this tragedy occured. That responsibility is mine.」

Hmm. Kuro isn’t lying. However, he’s simply omitting something crucial. It’s true that what the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King did was stupid. It’s also true that Po-no-ji is the person who instigated those two. It’s also true that Kuro is the person who taught those two fragmentary knowledge about the System. Put that all together and the developments went in a bad direction. In terms of who was the mastermind, it could be said that everyone involved was the mastermind. However, there’s one person missing.

「The Goddess Sariel.」

In response to my murmur, Kuro makes an exaggerated reaction. His eyes are practically telling me “Don’t say it!”. But well, I’m going to say it anyway!

「The one who diverted the attack originally meant for Kuro towards D. That person is the Goddess Sariel.」

In response to my words, they all had their own particular reaction. Kuro stayed expressionless. All the life drained from the Demon King’s expression. Oni-kun made an understanding expression. Vampire girl had a dumb expression showing she didn’t get anything.

It’s obvious if you think about it. Since not even Po-no-ji knew about D’s existence, there’s no way that the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King would have been able to launch an attack on her. Since the attack more or less went via the System, it wasn’t impossible for it to reach D as the creator of that System. However, there’s nobody with deep enough knowledge of the System to be able to achieve that. With the exception of the Goddess Sariel, an administrator of the System.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 320: It's nobody's fault. However, Po – you're not included.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

320 – It’s nobody’s fault. However, Po – you’re not included.

「Is that true?」

The Demon King questions Kuro, but Kuro answers with silence. His attitude has already affirmed the question though. The attack that had been aimed at Kuro himself, was diverted by Sariel without him knowing and on top of that it was the cause of the MA Energy decrease, the reincarnators being born, and also caused a difficult situation so it can’t be helped that he feels responsible. If he hadn’t met the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, then he couldn’t have become a target for the attack either.

Dimension Magic is not omnipotent. Dimension Magic, which is the evolved form of the super useful Space Magic, is basically incredibly useful. However, there’s clearly things it can do and things that it cannot do. Well, you could say the same thing about skills in general though. To use a skill beyond the scope of what it was designed for requires a deep understanding of the magecraft underlying the very foundation of skill itself. There’s few people who can use Space Magic, so for the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King to be able to use Dimension Magic means they were superior practitioners. Even so, they can’t do the impossible. With Dimension Magic, it is impossible to attack a target that you’ve never met.

Just like how it’s true with Space Magic, the first step for Dimension Magic is the specification of the target space. Once the space is specified the next step is to choose the magic to use against it. Such as teleportation or an attack. In addition, what can be used for the first step of specifying the space, is limited to either a place the practitioner has been to before or a person who they have met before. By meeting with the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, Kuro became a potential target for attack. If he had been more cautious and had sent a subordinate instead of going himself or something similar, then Kuro couldn’t have become an attack target. Well, he probably would have needed to meet them himself in order to gain their trust though. It’s just backfired on him.

In the end, Sariel interfered with the System to change the attack target to being D. To be blunt, I don’t really get what Sariel’s purpose was. I can think of several possible reasons, but I can’t comprehend her way of thinking, so I don’t know which of them is correct. Maybe she simply wanted to save Kuro, or wanted to harm D, or had some other expectation. I definitely wouldn’t be able to understand without asking her in person. I don’t have any intention of asking her in the first place though, as I’m just not interested. After all, just by meeting her face to face I become so irritated that I want to punch her.

Well, whatever her reasons, it’s a safe bet that she herself didn’t have any ill will behind it. It was also a situation where she had to act promptly to prevent an unexpected incident after all. I still feel that she’s useless for failing to prevent it entirely though.

On the one hand, what if Sariel hadn’t interfered for reasons unknown and the attack on Kuro by the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King had been successful. Kuro would have died or have been weakened due to a severe injury. In that case, Po-no-ji surely wouldn’t have stayed quiet and the situation would have gotten chaotic. In the worst case, Po-no-ji would be reigning supreme. However, a portion of the MA Energy used to attack Kuro could probably have been recovered and for the MA Energy aspect that would likely have been better than the current situation. After all, if it had been used in this world, it would have been possible to recover some of the MA Energy, just not all of it. In addition, if Kuro had died the amount of MA Energy would probably have increased. It wouldn’t be strange if the possibility to attack an administrator was inserted into the System for that reason. To increase the amount of MA Energy by absorbing a god, basically.

On the other hand, there’s our current situation. Kuro got off completely unharmed and instead there was a massive decline in MA Energy. The reincarnators go “hi, nice to meet you” and the world is plunged into an era of upheaval. I guess whichever route was taken, the situation would have gotten chaotic. However, Po-no-ji was successfully erased. He was like a pus or cancer on the world, and well, the removal of the one we needed the least has been achieved, basically.

Hmm. Thinking about it this way, both routes have their merits and demerits so it’s hard to clearly say which one would have been better. However, if Po-no-ji had survived things would have definitely turned out for the worse, and considering only the future the current route is the better one I guess, right? Yeah, let’s leave it at that. It’s been a real nuisance for the reincarnators though.

Ah, except for me. See, if I hadn’t been reborn in this world I would have stayed an ordinary spider and probably ended my life like that. By some kind of fate I’ve ended up becoming a god though, so I’m basically glad that I reincarnated. Oh? Thinking about it that way, good job Sariel? …… I’ll offer her a prayer later.

「Gyurie. It’s not your fault.」

「No. Either way it’s my fault. Since I was even unaware that it was my responsibility that things turned out this way, I can only think that I’ve been carelessly passing the time until now.」

The Demon King, after briefly turning her thoughts to Sariel, returns to comfort Kuro. Against that, Kuro can only smile like a glutton for punishment.

Yup. Kuro-san here hadn’t known about the sudden drop in MA Energy for a start, and had been under the impression that the cause was entirely due to Po-no-ji after all. Once he then found out that he’d been unknowingly involved, this loser felt responsible. I bet a certain evil god carefully considered his feelings… then informed him all about it. If he hadn’t been informed, he wouldn’t have known about what was going on in the background either. Thus, in the end, about the only one around who could have informed him about everything would be that evil god. That evil god is seriously an evil god.

Eh? How do I know about all this you ask? I’d rather you don’t take my intelligence gathering abilities lightly! I had clones specialised in intelligence gathering directly observing all over the place for a start, while the analysis squad pulled out all sorts of System related information when hacking the System, and on top of that I also developed an Evil Eye of Past Sight, though it has limitations. This new Evil Eye can peek into the past and by using circumstantial evidence and what-not I can make successive conjectures and reach the truth. It is now possible for me to solve any unresolved incidents no matter what – I’m far beyond your typical “great detective”. Well, in practice, Past Sight is really hard to use, so I rarely use it though.

「If you think you’re at fault, then you just need to take action in order to make up for it.」

He’s starting to get annoying with his feebleness, so I’ll conclude things by saying that.

「That’s… true. I shall do that.」

Yep, yep. Yes you shall. Later I have a big project waiting for you after all.

The incident caused by the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King are preceding down the current route due to Sariel’s actions. Now then. In response to the incident that I am about to cause, what route will the inhabitants of this world choose I wonder? Well, whatever route they choose, the ending won’t change though.

Translation notes:

“However, Po – you’re not included” – this is a meme from the Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo manga.

“the first step for Dimension Magic is the specification of the target space” – See chapter 110 for the first example of space specification.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s33bs: S33. Brother and Sister
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S33 – Brother and Sister

「Onii-sama!」

The voice that came at me contained so much fawning that I could practically hear a heart mark at the end. She came rushing towards me, her whole face lit up with a smile like a flower in full bloom. She only shows this expression and voice to me, while for people in general her expression doesn’t change that much and when she responds she uses a disinterested tone with little intonation. Until a while ago, that’s how she naturally behaved around me.

However, there was now a big difference between the past and present – in that she now clasped a weapon in her hand and came towards me in order to kill me.

「Ugh!?」

「Onii-sama! Onii-sama!!」

I stopped the consecutive attacks with my sword. Why? Just how did things end up like this?

We went our separate ways in a foul mood. Our former classmates who had been pent up in the elf village. Tagawa and Kushitani-san, the two who had been adventurers outside. Sensei the elf. Yuri, who had been brainwashed by Yuugo and had come to attack the elf village together with the Imperial Army. And finally, Katia and I.

We had no idea what would happen to us from now on. Everything depended upon Wakaba-san and her side. As we were prisoners, depending on how Wakaba-san’s side treated us from now on, our situation would change. If we accept at face value what was said at the discussion just earlier, it seems we won’t be treated badly though…… At any rate, there’s basically nothing that I can do is there…..

Until now, I had always tried to do my very best at the things I could do. However, the result of that, is all this. I wasn’t able to stop Yuugo and let him die, I had intended to protect the elf village but the elves were annihilated and Wakaba-san’s side have gained the power of life-and-death over the reincarnators. In my own way, I had tried to do my best. Yet, the result was the worst. No, since I now know about the contents of Taboo, I understand that the end result was not the worst. Because the elves who I had tried to protect were in fact the source of all the evil acts that were leading the world to its ruin.

However, just because I understand that, so what. In the end, that hasn’t changed the fact that there’s nothing I can do. Inside the huge storm that is reshaping the world, wasn’t I basically like a leaf being pathetically blown around in my ignorance? It’s so absurd that I can’t laugh.

Perhaps at some point I might have gotten conceited. No, not might have. I have gotten conceited. After becoming the Hero, I had been convinced that only I could stop Yuugo. I had firmly believed that with my strength that I would surely be able to do something. Like Julius-nii-sama had done, I had been convinced that I could become a person who could influence the world. Despite the fact that Julius-nii-sama had been carrying out his duties as the Hero since he was a child – it’s precisely because he had been active for so long that he became a great man who could influence the world. Simply by having inherited the Hero’s title, I had felt that I was standing in the same ring as Julius-nii-sama.

That arrogant thinking was just earlier, completely beaten down. Sophia made me realise just how insignificant my existence was, to the extent that I felt “is that all I am?”. I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t respond to anything. I couldn’t even gain the opportunity to respond. Even if I had raised my voice into a scream, that probably wouldn’t have reached Sophia. She would have snorted in derision, and then it would have been over. And that… was all I could do.

In me, a power capable of moving the world, doesn’t exist. No power, no fame, no nothing. I’ve simply been toyed with by those who are truly moving the world, and used, no, more like ignored? Potimas might have tried to make use of me, but Wakaba-san’s side didn’t take the slightest bit of notice of me. They only looked at me like I was a mob character, as if it made no difference whether I was there or not. The ones who are moving the world, are Wakaba-san’s side, not me.

That by itself, might be fine. From the start, it’s not like I had these grand ideas about what to do with the world. I’d only had the vague thought of being a helpful person like Julius-nii-sama in the future. Then Julius-nii-sama died, I became the Hero and everything started to go wrong. From that point, I thought that I simply had to do something about Yuugo and reckless rushed in, but this time it might be better if I stand still for a while and carefully think about what I want to do from now on. About what I can do… and what I can’t do. There’s so much that I can’t do. However, if I properly accept that, then maybe I can just try to figure out what I can do bit by bit. I don’t even know what it is that I can do though. Even so, I gotta do whatever it is that I can do. I don’t want there to be any more victims like Julius-nii-sama at least.

「Katia.」

「Hm?」

「I want to talk for a bit. Is that okay?」

「Ah, of course.」

I decided that Katia and I should discuss what we’re going to do from now on. We returned to the room where I had been sleeping earlier, and then sat down.

「Are Anna and Hyrinth-san okay?」

What I asked about first, was about my two companions who I hadn’t seen any sign of since I woke up. Particularly Anna, since she had lost her life once during the battle. Due to my Kindness skill she should have just barely survived, or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that I had successfully resurrected her, but I don’t know what happened afterwards since I lost consciousness as a result of gaining Taboo.

「They should both be okay. I was told they had been isolated in a separate place. We’re linked to Hyrinth-san with Telepathy, so if you’re concerned you can just confirm that later.」

I see. Hyrinth-san has the Telepathy skill. So even if we’re separated a short distance away, it’s still possible to keep in contact huh.

「In that case, does that mean Hyrinth-san is also aware of the situation here?」

「Yeah. I’ve reported all the details of the situation that I could. Although they are also presently being confined, they’re properly being provided with food and so on so they’re not in discomfort, apparently. Anna has also woken up and is healthy, he said.」

That’s great. If there’s one other person who I’m concerned about…

「Katia. Have you heard anything about Sue?」

My little sister Sue was brainwashed by Yuugo and taken away. The last time I saw Sue was when she had murdered our father after being brainwashed by Yuugo. I’d heard afterwards that she’d been taken by Yuugo to the Empire, but I don’t know anything following that. I didn’t see Sue during the battle either.

「I don’t know what happened to her. I’ve heard nothing.」

「I see. However, since Yuugo has died, that should mean that Sue’s brainwashing has also been removed, right?」

「That should be the case.」

「Can she return to normal I wonder?」

My voice was filled with anxiety since I didn’t know myself. While she was brainwashed by Yuugo, Sue had murdered her own father. No matter that she brainwashed, it’s still the case that she killed her own father by her own actions. Even when the brainwashing has been removed, the memories do not vanish. For that reason, Yuri has apparently become emotionally unstable, having been similarly brainwashed. I’d heard that at the moment when the brainwashing had been removed, she’d seemed likely to commit suicide then and there. She’s apparently been forcibly put to sleep for now to stop that, but afterwards she’ll definitely need some kind of mental care. If she’s in a similar situation to Yuri, then Sue is also in danger.

Besides, even if she can overcome that, I don’t know if we can return to our previous relationship. No matter that she was brainwashed, far too much has happened. I don’t believe that it’ll be possible for us to completely return to our previous relationship of brother and sister.

「There’s nothing for me to say there. That’s between you and Sue, Shun. What do you want to do? How will Sue respond? I think it’ll depend upon that.」

I nodded my head to Katia’s serious reply. It might be such a time, but I feel that Katia sure is reliable for being able to properly consider our situation and express her thoughts.

「Thank you.」

「You’re welcome.」

In response to my frank appreciation, Katia had put on an embarrassed and trembling smile.

「Let’s see. In my case, I hope that we can return to being close as brother and sister. That being said, I guess it will be impossible for us to completely return to how we were before. If we can at least reconcile then that would be a good start. Ideally, I think it would be good to use this opportunity for her to take some distance from me as her brother. At any rate, I guess nobody knows what will happen unless we can actually meet.」

「Distance from her brother……」

Katia reacts to my words about Sue taking some distance. On her face is blatantly written the words “wouldn’t that be impossible?”…… I think so too. Sue has an extreme brother-complex. She doesn’t look at me as her brother but as someone of the opposite sex. In that regard, I can only see Sue as my sister, as being my family. Responding to Sue’s feelings is not something that I can do. However, if she’s unable to take some distance from me as her brother, then I don’t think that anything can be done about that.

It’s no lie that I wish for her to take some distance from me as her brother. However, I’d rather us return to our old relationship than for us to break apart on bad terms due to this incident. While I can’t see her as a member of the opposite sex, I love her as my sister and a precious member of my family after all.

At that moment, there was a knock on the door. When I replied, the one who opened the door and walked in, was Wakaba-san.

「Do you want to meet your sister?」

Then she asked me that with incredible timing.

「I can meet her!?」

「Indeed.」

「Of course I want to meet her. Please let me!」

In response to my spirited request, Wakaba-san held out a hand. There was no explanation, but what will happen if I take her hand? I took her hand even though I was confused. The next moment, the scenery had changed.

「Where am I?」

「Onii-sama!」

When I spoke my question, what arrived first was not Wakaba-san’s response but Sue’s voice. When I turned around, Sue was there. There’s nothing in her attitude showing something like fear or feeling awkward and wanting to avoid me. She runs towards me with a smile on her face.

「Onii-sama!」

While calling out to me in a fawning voice, she readied a weapon.

「Huh?」

A stupid sounding response leaked out from my mouth. I was able to react properly thanks to my daily training. As Sue aimed her sword at my heart and swung down without hesitation, at once I drew the sword at my hip and responded.

「Sue!? Are you still brainwashed!?」

「No! I’m completely sane!」

Sue doesn’t stop her attacks. While defending against that, I reached the pinnacle of confusion. She’s saying that she’s sane, but I don’t think anybody who would consider her sane!

「Sue! Stop that!」

「I have realised it! That this is the only way for me to obtain onii-sama!」

Sue’s strikes are all focused on my vital points. There’s no leniency in her attacks. She’s seriously trying to kill me.

「By using this『Conquest』skill, I will be able obtain everything of onii-sama! Even onii-sama’s heart and soul! Of course I will preserve your body once it’s empty!」

My spine froze. I can’t comprehend Sue’s words. I don’t want to comprehend them. I can feel a madness that I’ve never felt before from Sue. Either way, it’s clear that Yuugo’s brainwashing has had a negative influence upon her.

At any rate, I’m uneasy about this『Conquest』skill. When I use Appraisal on Sue, I see that she now has the『Greed』skill. That’s one of the Seven Deadly Sins skills that Yuugo had possessed.

「Sue, when did you get that?」

「I had already satisfied the conditions before I had been brainwashed by him. But because he owned it I couldn’t my hands on it. Once he died, not only did I become free, I was able to get my hands upon Greed!」

Sue doesn’t stop her attacks while she talks. While also talking, I check the effects of the『Conquest』skill that Sue has.

『Conquest: When Greed is active, absorbs everything from the target’s soul.』

So, what does this mean exactly? Greed has the effect of being able to take over the skills and status of a defeated opponent. Does this『Conquest』skill supplement that, making it possible to take everything from the opponent? However, if that is possible, then I don’t understand the reason why Yuugo didn’t use it. Ah, it’s the Ruler Authority huh! One of the pieces of information I had gained from Taboo was regarding Ruler Authority. It grants the authority to interfere with the System and is only accessible from those who own the Seven Deadly Sins skills or the Seven Virtues skills. It shouldn’t be possible to activate the related skill unless the Ruler Authority has been established. Even though Yuugo had a Ruler skill, since he hadn’t established his Ruler Authority, he couldn’t use『Conquest』. In that case, does this mean that Sue has been able to establish her Ruler Authority? No, Sue isn’t at level 10 in the Taboo skill. It shouldn’t be possible for her to establish her Ruler Authority. In which case, she can’t use『Conquest』.

「Sue! It’s meaningless to do this!」

「Onii-sama! This is the only way left for me!」

It’s no good. She won’t listen to me at all. What should I do?

「Get away from Shun!」

Fire rushes towards Sue. At the other end of that fire is Katia.

「Katia!!」

「Come get me, Sue.」

And so, Sue shifts her target from me to Katia, and attacks. Why did all this happen? What should I do?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 321: A scene of carnage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

321 – A scene of carnage

Yikes… Back out, back out. So this is what they call “a scene of carnage” huh.

What is unfolding in front of my eyes is a women’s battle. Imouto-chan and Ooshima-kun are carrying out a full-on battle over a single man. The look in their eyes is freaky. That look is… the intent to kill! You’ve done it, Yamada-kun! You sure are popular! This is what’s meant by “to be flanked by two beautiful women”! In addition, they both look like poisonous flowers.

On one hand is the crazy psycho yandere bro-con imouto. On the other hand is the cool and calculating gender-swapped girl who knows everything about being a man. Whoever you choose it seems problematic. Whoever you choose seems likely to dominate you too. Do your best Yamada-kun! I’ll cheer for you! I won’t do anything tangible though!

Or rather, before all that, what should I do about this feud?

……

Do your best Yamada-kun! I’ll cheer for you! I won’t do anything tangible though!

Hey, it’s not my fault you know? The cause of all this is imouto-chan anyway. I think it’s appropriate for her elder brother Yamada-kun to resolve this! So, I shall leave everything to him.

While I had been talking about the truth behind the bombing incident caused by the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King, I was being pestered by this chronic complainer. The chronic complainer called imouto-chan. In short, “I demand to meet onii-sama.”

I’ve always had one of my clones with imouto-chan, but then she started talking endlessly to it like she was invoking some kind of curse. I figured that since she had cooperated so far that I might as well grant her that wish. With a ghastly appearance on the edge of insanity, she had grabbed my clone and continuously spoke to it okay? So scary! Even if this is just via one of my clones, it felt like a never-ending horrific whisper. I might have nerves of steel, but there is still a limit to things!

Basically, that’s why I decided to grant that broken imouto-chan’s wish. Well, just letting them meet is fine I guess. There’d been a time when I had actually thought that. Indeed. It’s true that imouto-chan was currently acting a bit unusually. So let me make the excuse that I never would have expected her to try killing him the moment she met him. After all, normally it’d be unthinkable for the onii-sama supremacist imouto-chan to actually try to kill her onii-sama, right? At least it was incomprehensible for me with my sensitivity of a rather normal person. Eh? What do you mean “You’re not normal”? That’s not the case at all. Or rather, if you’re going to object to something surely it should be “You’re not a person”?

While escaping from reality like that, I watch over the battle becoming more heated up. Imouto-chan’s ice magic and Ooshima-kun’s fire magic are clashing and cancelling each other out.

「Both of you! Stop this!」

When there’s a pause Yamada-kun tries to intercede, but even that seems to fan the flames of war. Ack. Was it a mistake to bring Ooshima-kun I guess? Well, you know, I had thought that Ooshima-kun might be able to stop the rampaging imouto-chan, okay. When I saw imouto-chan rush in to attack Yamada-kun, I decided to also hurriedly bring over Ooshima-kun. I never expected that would actually make things more chaotic. Why is this happening? It’s weird, right?

……Is it okay for me to leave already? You know, “I’ll leave the rest to you youngsters” and all. No good?

I wonder why it’s come to this. When I thought I could clear up the problem with the troublesome imouto-chan, it mysteriously became an even more troublesome situation. Dammit. Yamada-kun, since you’re her elder brother, I wish you had kept a firm rein on such a dangerous imouto-chan! Just who’s the person who first brought in this powderkeg imouto-chan and created the current situation? Eh? Me? No, no. That is what’s called a false accusation. You see, that’s something Natsume-kun did and has nothing to do with me. Eh? I was the one controlling Natsume-kun you say? LALALA! I can’t hear you! I… can’t… hear… you…!

Fine then……. From a practical point of view, imouto-chan becoming so fired up was caused by me. Well, once she shot her own father through the head, she likely thought that there was no going back for herself now. Her onii-sama didn’t have romantic feelings for her in the first place. Since she commited that act right in front of her onii-sama, her hopes would have become incredibly slim. Hmm. While already on the path to betraying the Kingdom she was plagued with feelings of guilt, so I had Natsume-kun brainwash her, creating an established fact where she was brainwashed so that it couldn’t be helped what she did though. It seems like it was pretty meaningless to try that excuse huh. I guess she felt completely trapped and overenthusiastically took action huh.

……This is why it’s hard for me to make use of others. In my case, I only take efficiency into account and whether they live or die. For my plans, I don’t take into consideration what others might feel or think about it. I can’t take such things into account. I don’t understand such things anyway. So I just ignore them. Even if something inconvenient occurs because of that, so long as it doesn’t become an obstacle to my plans then I don’t care. At least, that’s what I had thought.

The time when sensei collapsed with a pallid expression. The Demon King’s expression at the time when she found out that Sariel’s interference was behind the bombing incident caused by the Hero from two generations ago and the previous generation Demon King. I can’t help recalling their expressions in the back of my mind. There’s no way that I had taken action because I had wanted to cause such expressions.

Sigh. Even if I’m told about friends and such at such a late stage, just what do you expect someone like me to actually do? I don’t know. I don’t get such things. Besides, the project is reaching the finale. It’s far too late to rely on such things as “the power of friends” anyway.

For now, I guess I’ll do something about this mess. Yamada-kun’s been getting the short end of the stick anyway. I’ll stick my nose in, though I doubt whether I’ll be able to sort things out peacefully though, but it’s surely better than doing nothing.

「Listen to me!」

However, before I do anything, the situation changes. A moment before imouto-chan’s and Ooshima-kun’s blades meet, Yamada-kun physically inserts himself between them, stopping them both. By catching their blades in his body.

「Eek!?」

「……ah.」

Imouto-chan and Ooshima-kun gasp. Imouto-chan’s sword has pierced Yamada-kun’s stomach and Ooshima-kun’s sword has cut into the shoulder and is buried up to the collarbone. On top of that, Yamada-kun grasps both of them in his arms, stopping them from moving.

「Please. I beg you. Listen… to me. I don’t want… to lose anyone else. So… so…」

I stop myself before I could move. Listening to Yamada-kun’s heartbroken voice. I have no right to approach him because I have stolen many things from him.

Translation notes:

“A scene of carnage” – the word used for this (修羅場) can sometimes be used a bit like “catfight” (ie women fighting over a man) and also “crunch time” (typically for an author trying to meet a deadline).

“flanked by two beautiful women” – this is from the phrase 両手に花 which literally means “a flower in each hand” but is often used to mean “flanked by two beautiful women” (or, having a pretty girl on each arm) though can also mean “two blessings at once”.

“with my sensitivity of a rather normal person” – essentially the joke here is that Shiro is neither “normal” nor a “person” (human) and she’s saying that calling her out on being “not a person” makes more sense than calling her out on being “not normal”.

“Why is this happening? It’s weird, right?” – think of Shiro saying this in a spaced-out tone.

“I’ll leave the rest to you youngsters” – the cliche place to use this phrase would be at an omiai (arranged meeting with strong possibility of marriage), when the adults leave to give the possible couple some space.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 322: The boy who should have been a minor character
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

322 – The boy who should have been a minor character

My overall impression of Yamada-kun, is that he’s ordinary. Both in Wakaba Hiiro’s memories and my memories from the current world.

In Wakaba Hiiro’s memories of Yamada-kun, he was a plain boy that you could find anywhere. Grades – average. Reflexes – moderate. Appearance – ordinary. A schoolboy without a single conspicuous factor – the very definition of ordinary. If he appeared in a story set in modern times, he would be a mob character who wouldn’t stand out from the background. That is Yamada-kun.

Well then, just where did Yamada-kun, who was an ordinary person in his previous life, end up in this life? He’s like a protagonist amongst protagonists. The prince of a major country. The biological younger brother of the Hero. Born with cheat level abilities, yet he still steadily put in effort without conceit. If the opportunity had arisen, even without his Hero title he would have become a considerably influential person amongst the humans of this world. Also, after taking over from his dead brother, he had the determination to stand up for the sake of the world as the Hero. It makes me want to sarcastically remark just how protagonist-like this all is.

However, Yamada-kun’s essence hasn’t changed. For better or worse, Yamada-kun is ordinary. Under normal circumstances, he’s not the sort of person who’d try to take the lead role in the middle of this huge stage. It would suit him to live outside of the stage, living a quiet and calm life. Without being the prince of a big country, without being the younger brother of the Hero, without his cheats. If he had been simply been born ordinary in this world, then most likely Yamada-kun would stayed a commoner and lived his life without incidents or poking his head into trouble I’m sure.

The reason why Yamada-kun became like a protagonist was because of the situation he was in. He was the prince of a major country. If it had just been that then it might have been fine. However, Yamada-kun was in a very delicate position. He was the child of a concubine with low standing. However, his elder brother was the Hero. In addition, the queen’s son was not good enough. Finally, Yamada-kun himself was a reincarnator. A genius is considered to be someone who demonstrates their greatness from a young age. What unfolded from there was, basically, something that frequently happens in storytelling.

With him being so capable, that’s probably why a faction appeared that wanted to push aside the first prince who was the son of the queen and raise up Yamada-kun to be the next king. Because the queen feared such a possibility, Yamada-kun didn’t receive proper education. However, the half-elf and muscle-woman who were his attendants took charge of his education instead. On top of that, because Yamada-kun was also a reincarnator he could grasp his position as a prince, so he was fortunate to be able to conduct himself appropriately by learning from the example of others. Completely betraying the queen’s expectations, Yamada-kun continued to be renowned as a child prodigy. On top of that, not allowing him to receive education backfired upon her instead – he was regarded as a child prodigy who exceeded the average despite not receiving a proper education.

It wasn’t something that he himself realised, but to others it would likely have been an awkward situation. Having the powerful support of his elder brother the Hero, he was called a genius. It was rather inevitable that the first prince got flustered. After all, even though Yamada-kun himself didn’t want it, it had became a situation where those around him were supporting him in that way. If Yamada-kun himself had been allowed to be educated properly, he wouldn’t have suffered the agonies that he did though.

Indeed, Yamada-kun didn’t realise the situation that he had ended up in. If he’d been a true genius, then he would likely have noticed that fact and taken some kind of appropriate measures. He should have had some suspicions about why he wasn’t able to receive proper education for a start, and also shouldn’t have been unaware of the restless state of the royal family. Because he was unaware, Yamada-kun is therefore ordinary. A mere highschooler wouldn’t normally be able to understand the common sense and political circumstances of another world. Yamada-kun was treated as a genius because of what he had learnt in his previous life, which he then made use of since the time he was a young child to learn even more. It’s not the case that he was a genius. It was simply that he had developed early.

In addition, to Yamada-kun’s misfortune, a true genius was close by his side. In other words, imouto-chan. Like a cloth absorbing water, imouto-chan immediately learnt everything she was taught. As a reincarnator who had built up various things since his previous life, Yamada-kun was provoked into feeling that he mustn’t lose to her. Yamada-kun, who had simply developed early, began to put in hard work. To those around him, he was a complete genius who worked hard.

And then, while still being in the same situation where he couldn’t receive proper education, he unstintingly piled up the efforts that he could and he entered the academy while having made certain unusual connections with others. The duke’s daughter, Ooshima-kun. The candidate for the next Saint of the Divine Word Religion, Hasebe-san. Sensei the elf. He also had a rival in Natsume-kun who was next in line to become the Sword Emperor of the Empire, and not only that but Yamada-kun was ahead of him. He was at the center of such an outstanding group of people. Everyone paid attention to Yamada-kun.

Even in such a situation, for Yamada-kun himself that was simply the normal state of affairs. I think it’s likely that Yamada-kun considered himself to be ordinary and that an ordinary person like him wouldn’t become the king. For a mob character like him, being able to offer some small support to his brother the Hero would have been good enough. Even that might have felt excessive to him.

Such a Yamada-kun became the Hero due to some kind of fate, and because he had this weird skill called the Divine Protection of Heaven it put me on the alert and he got thrown into the abyss. If he hadn’t been born as the prince of the Kingdom, if he hadn’t been a reincarnator, if he didn’t have a genius sister, if he hadn’t been the younger brother of the Hero, if he hadn’t become the Hero or if he hadn’t possessed the Divine Protection of Heaven. If any one of those had been missing, then Yamada-kun wouldn’t have become a protagonist. And he wouldn’t have suffered so much either.

However, there is just one aspect to Yamada-kun that isn’t ordinary. That is his sense of responsibility. He didn’t want to shame himself as the prince of the Kingdom, as the Hero’s younger brother or as the elder brother of a younger sister. The reason why the ordinary Yamada-kun earnestly worked so hard until now, is because of that sense of responsibility. So that he wouldn’t be ashamed of his own position in life. Which is why, after becoming the Hero, he probably felt that he must take action befitting the Hero so as to not feel ashamed.

Which is why right now, Yamada-kun is fulfilling his responsibility as the elder brother.

「Sue, I cannot allow myself to be killed by you. Because I can’t believe that would actually help you.」

While staring firmly into imouto-chan’s eyes, Yamada-kun speaks to her. Imouto-chan has frozen such that she is unable to even avert her eyes.

「Sue, I cannot respond to your feelings. However, I will always be able to be at your side. As your brother. Is that so bad?」

……That was a pretty decent way to turn her down flatly.

「Onii-sama, I, I was……」

「The past cannot be changed. However, we are alive in the present. And, we are able to think about the future. Therefore, could you please consider a future of living together with me?」

……Eh? In a complete reversal from turning her down just now, doesn’t that now sound rather like a confession? Isn’t imouto-chan going to misunderstand due to the way you phrased that?

「Y, yes.」

Yep. Going by her beet red face, that finished off imouto-chan. And Ooshima-kun has an incredibly hard to describe expression on her face. Like this, I feel that the scene of carnage has simply been postponed, but well, whatever.

Translation notes:

In Japanese, telling someone of the opposite sex that you want to be with them for the rest of your lives can be taken as an indirect marriage proposal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 323: The Hero and the Pope
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

323 – The Hero and the Pope

Now that imouto-chan’s rampage has been amicably (?) settled, it’s about time that Yamada-kun gets some medical treatment before it becomes too late, right? He’s created a pool of blood on the floor already.

「Ah!」

Yamada-kun’s knee gives out and he drops down. It seems like he can’t stand up anymore due to excessive bleeding. Even worse, because he lost his balance while imouto-chan’s sword was still stuck into his stomach, his wounds got worse due to his flesh being gouged. It seems that Ooshima-kun’s sword has slipped out after being buried into his shoulder, but that also likewise cut his shoulder apart. No matter that being the Hero raised his status values, he will still take damage when injured and that can lead to death. If Yamada-kun dies here then would this be the Bad End of the imouto-chan route? Or perhaps the Ooshima-kun route? The scene of carnage End due to two-timing perhaps?

「Onii-sama!?」

「Shun!」

Having fallen to his knees and looking like he was about to collapse onto the ground, Yamada-kun was caught by imouto-chan. Ooshima-kun, who had just now discarded the sword she’d used to slash at Yamada-kun, began to formulate Treatment Magic in a rush. Hmm. However, in order to cure Yamada-kun’s injury, isn’t that going to be a bit lacking? With just Ooshima-kun’s magic alone, it should be more or less possible to heal him enough such that he won’t die, but his wounds will likely remain. Treatment Magic isn’t omnipotent. With the magic above it, Miracle Magic, it would be possible to heal almost all injuries except death though. It can’t be helped. If Yamada-kun was left with a permanent scar because of this then that would surely leave me with a bad aftertaste, so I guess I’ll assist.

「Shiro-sama. Please leave this to me.」

Just as I was thinking that, a voice stopped me. On looking over my shoulder, there was the Pope surrounded by several women who had all just entered the room. Ack, he showed up.

「Who are you?」

Ooshima-kun goes on guard against the group that suddenly appeared. Well, it’s really us who showed up here suddenly by using teleportation. After all, this is the main temple of the Divine Word Religion in the Holy Country of Aleius you know. It wasn’t the Empire that had been safeguarding imouto-chan, but this place. In fact, Yamada-kun’s homeland is right next door. Imouto-chan was just a stone’s throw away.

「Pleased to meet you. I am the 57th Pope of the Divine Word Religion, Dustin the 61st. I am pleased to make your acquaintances.」

「The Pope of the Divine World Religion?!」

Perhaps Ooshima-kun was surprised that he was such an important person, or perhaps she was surprised that such a person would show themselves, but either way she’s incredibly surprised. However, her surprise only lasts a moment, and she continues with Yamada-kun’s treatment while being on guard against the Pope. Considering that she glanced at the sword she’d just thrown away, she’s really being on guard here. Well, speaking of the Divine Word Religion, they are the group that had announced that Natsume-kun was the Hero and caused Yamada-kun to be trapped after all. As far as sensei had been aware, the mastermind who was manipulating Natsume-kun from behind the scenes was the Divine Word Religion, with the Administrators being behind them.

Hm? In a certain sense, isn’t that actually correct? It’s basically due to me for a start, and the Divine Word Religion was cooperating with me anyway.

「Please be at ease. We shall only assist with the treatment. Now that the elves have been destroyed, there is no longer any reason for conflict between us.」

The pope has an amiable and gentle smile. He simply looks like a good-natured old man. Also, he has a very calm and gentlemanly manner. He’s emanating an aura that seems to unconditionally reassure people. It’s not like there’s an actual skill in the System for that. It’s likely a technique that the pope has developed naturally over many years. What he’s like on the inside is totally not what he looks like though.

Even Ooshima-kun is bewildered by the pope’s innocent aura. Using that opening, the women who came with the pope glide over to where Yamada-kun is, and then deploy Treatment Magic. Yamada-kun’s shoulder injury is completely cured before imouto-chan or Ooshima-kun can even raise an objection.

Ooh. Their skill formulation and coordination is rather quick. Each of them individually are significantly inferior to Ooshima-kun in power, but by cooperating together to formulate a single skill they can raise the effectiveness of the skill significantly. I’d guess these women are candidates for the next Saint. Hasebe-san had been gaining prominence as the leading candidate, but there’s no way that the pope would skimp on training others.

「I shall pull out the sword.」

「I’ll do that.」

When one of the saint candidates reaches out her hand towards the sword that was still stuck into Yamada-kun’s stomach, she was interrupted by Ooshima-kun.

「Shun, endure it for a bit, okay?」

As Ooshima-kun extracts the sword, Yamada-kun groans in pain. Then, Treatment Magic is immediately applied. Hrm. While watching over the treatment being applied, so that Yamada-kun won’t have any scars left, I stealthily support Ooshima-kun’s technique. There, that’ll do.

Once the treatment is mostly completed, the saint candidates promptly separate from Yamada-kun, and returned to waiting behind the pope.

「……First of all, thank you for your assistance with his treatment.」

「Think nothing of it. Thanks are not necessary. After all, only doing this much will not bring our atonement.」

Although she seemed reluctant, Ooshima-kun still gave thanks, yet the pope’s reply seemed apologetic from the bottom of his heart. Is he really apologetic I wonder? Even I don’t know the pope’s heart. In the first place, I’m not really sure about the reason why he decided to show up himself at this time.

There was no need for the pope himself to show himself. If he hadn’t shown himself here, the Divine Word Religion could likely have protected its image by indicating that the upper echelon was still brainwashed by Natsume-kun. That would still require a number of executives in the Divine Word Religion to be dismissed though, but compared to allowing the prestige of the Divine Word Religion to crash into the ground that would be a small price to pay. Either way their reputation will take a hit, but if they pushed all the blame onto Natsume-kun, then it would still be possible for them to recover. Despite that, since the pope as the person at the top of the Divine Word Religion has made an appearance, then that is no longer possible. By showing up in the same place as me when I’m known as the true mastermind behind Natsume-kun, that alone is enough for people who can figure out such things. Namely, that the Divine Word Religion was not in fact being manipulated by Natsume-kun, but rather that they were cooperating with me of their own free will.

As proof of that, Ooshima-kun is shifting her gaze between me and the pope, and has narrowed her eyes with a grim expression. That’s a face showing that various things have been figured out. That’s why I had intended to immediately return to the elf village once imouto-chan’s rampage had been resolved. So why are you showing up so nonchalantly now eh?

「This is to take responsibility.」

As if he was reading my thoughts, the pope spills out that comment.

「It means that the Divine Word Religion is already finished.」

Followed by making a shocking declaration.

Translation notes:

“Bad End” – this is specifically gaming slang in the raw, referring to something commonly seen in visual novels when the player has made the wrong choices and has failed. “Route” is also gaming slang, in this case referring to the “main heroine” (capture target) of a particular story route within the game, eg from dating sim type games. In other words, Shiro is jokingly treating Shun as a harem protagonist in a game where both Sue and Katia are “capture targets”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 324: If you say that you'll win anyway then you mustn't cheat
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

324 – If you say that you’ll win anyway then you mustn’t cheat

「What do you mean the Divine Word Religion is finished?」

The one who spoke wasn’t Ooshima-kun but Yamada-kun. While being supported by imouto-chan, he got unsteadily to his feet. The Treatment Magic has healed his wounds for a start, and because of my secret assistance his lost blood has been replenished as well. However, even though what was lost for a moment has been replenished, it will take some time for that to spread throughout his entire body. Yamada-kun should be suffering from something similar to anemia right now, but I guess this is what’s called “standing on your feet by sheer willpower”.

「In the literal meaning. This marks the end of the Divine Word Religion’s longlasting era.」

The pope smiles cheerfully. He’s not putting a brave face on it. Hm? Really, what is this guy thinking?

「This place is inappropriate. Let’s move to somewhere else to talk. Or perhaps you need to rest a little? I’m sure some time will be needed to prepare a place anyway.」

「I’m fine. Let’s talk.」

In response to the pope’s concern, Yamada-kun immediately shakes his head.

「In that case, please follow me. Ahh, what will you do, Shiro-sama?」

Erm? Mm. What to do-o? It’s not like I’m uninterested in knowing what the pope is up to, but wouldn’t it be kinda wrong for me to accompany them?

As such, I shake my head in refusal. After a pause I immediately use teleport to leave the place.

AS IF! I might have teleported away from that place, but the clone attached to imouto-chan is still there. Like this I shall overhear every little detail about what the pope is scheming! Geh-heh-heh!

「Ah」

Or at least that’s what I had planned to do. While sticking to Yamada-kun as they walked, imouto-chan seemed to realise something and put her hand into her clothes. Then she grabbed something and pulled out her hand. Yep. That “something” is my clone.

「Humph.」

Gyaahh!? Squished!? It was crushed!? My pretty little clone!? What the heck!?

Damn. Sigh. Well, I guess it can’t be helped. The moment that imouto-chan crushed my clone, it’s like her face was saying “maybe I should reveal my grudges huh?”. I did make imouto-chan do various things after all. It’s no biggie if she holds a grudge. I’m not going to complain over just one little clone being crushed.

I’ll overlook you crushing one clone. In addition, I add imouto-chan’s soul to the list of those to be protected when the System is destroyed. As recompense for her work thus far, I guess I’ll not get involved with imouto-chan again. The original recompense that I offered was to not kill her brother, ie Yamada-kun, but I hadn’t ever intended to kill him in the first place anyway. Work does deserve appropriate compensation and all.

Well, it does come attached with the condition that she won’t become hostile to me though.

………I quit. Even aside from the clone that was attached to imouto-chan, I have clones that are monitoring the pope and others. So if I decided to peek then it would be easy to do so. But, I’ll quit. I bet that the pope is also taking into account that I’ll peek, so I’ll avoid exposing myself.

In all probability, the pope is exploring possible methods to oppose me based on his predictions of what will happen next. Not for nothing has he been opposing Potimas for so long despite being a normal human. I doubt that he’s figured out everything that I’m trying to do, but he’s likely preparing for any contingency. It’s highly likely that coming into contact with Yamada-kun is part of that larger plan.

In which case, wouldn’t it be better to peek as much as possible? I think so. I’m like the pope in that I’m the type to predict all sorts of scenarios and make flawless preparations before starting the fight. Therefore, if trouble is going to sprout, the correct thing to do is to nip it in the bud ahead of time. With Potimas now dead, the pope is one of the few people who can oppose me. There’s no harm in being vigilant. I mean, since the Pope has the Temperance Ruler skill, eliminating him under the cover of darkness would be the quickest solution now that the cooperative relationship formed between us until the elves were beaten is over.

But… hey… Wouldn’t that simply be a one-sided game? Eliminating the pope right now is the most efficient solution. That is for certain. But, that option… is bad. What’s bad you ask? Wouldn’t the results of such a choice be uninteresting? Not to me. To the spectator. Exactly. For this story, that certain terrible spectator who is capable of overturning the very foundations of it would likely be bored if the ending was given away already by going with that option.

Well, that’s basically why I can’t take that option, even though it would be nicely efficient for me. Sigh. That evil god really is a good-for-nothing. She definitely doesn’t want me to have it easy.

Yeah. I know. It’s unlikely to be smooth sailing from here on. That’s why I’ve even made careful preparations for some detours. It’s okay. It should go well. I’ll believe in my own power.

Righteo! In that case, I’m cancelling peeping on the pope. Let’s do something else.

That being said, there’s not much I can do right now I guess. Since Yamada-kun and co are gone, resuming the debriefing session with the reincarnators wouldn’t work. Mera and co are working hard on the post-war efforts anyway. Even if I use my main body to assist with hacking the System, my clones are always working on it anyway.

The hacking of the System is going well. Under my original expectations I had thought I’d need imouto-chan to take Chastity, but with the hacking having progressed this far, that wasn’t even necessary. It was a bit heavy-handed, but I was able to interfere with the Ruler Authority and gain control over it. So the unoccupied Ruler Authority for Chastity fell into my hands and I was able to grab Diligence that was held by Potimas immediately following his death. By gaining her consent I was able to receive both Gluttony and Humility from the Demon King. The only one remaining is the pope’s Temperance. The remaining one is the problem though. I’m more or less able to continue making progress by being heavy-handed, but the efficiency is bad. Well, either way, I guess it’s at the point where I just need to persist with it a bit more.

Since the System hacking is currently going well, if there’s a problem to speak of, then it would be sensei I guess. The other recinarantors are still able to recover. Since they were simply confined in the elf village, their minds and bodies are perfectly healthy. However, even though sensei’s body is healthy, her mind is not. I guess I’ll go see how she’s doing.

Translation notes:

“If you say that you’ll win anyway then you mustn’t cheat” – the more literal translation of the title is “If you declare that you’ll capture on your first attempt then you can’t look at strategy guides”. A sort-of gamers equivalent of “you can’t have your cake and eat it”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 325: It's not sensei's fault!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

325 – It’s not sensei’s fault!

On returning to the room in the elf village, there was sensei, sitting on top of the bed grasping her knees. It, it’s dusk. Since elves age slowly, looking at sensei sitting while grasping her knees like that, it’s like seeing a primary school girl being sad over having missed a snack. Ahh, what to do. This is supposed to be a serious scene, yet it’s as charming as a painting.

Also, just next to her, Felmina-chan and Kushitani-san are seated on chairs having a friendly conversation. Or rather, not so much a friendly conversation as it feels like Felmina-chan is firing a barrage of questions as Kushitani-san. As I teleport directly into the room amongst these three very different people, all their gazes shift to me.

「Wakaba-san.」

Sensei sluggishly raises her head and mutters that.

「How are you feeling?」

I decided to start off by a asking a harmless and inoffensive question. On doing so, Felmina-chan stared at me with wide-open eyes. What’s with that face? I will talk when it’s time to talk! It’s just that normally I’m not serious is all! Once I get serious then even I can do it!

「My body is fine. Thanks for worrying about me.」

Her body is, eh. In other words, emotionally she still has a long way to go.

「Please do not force yourself. After all, there is no longer any need for you to take risks, sensei.」

In order to console her, I speak to her as gently as possible. Felmina-chan is making a face like she’s about to froth at the mouth and collapse. What’s with that face? Even I have a fragment of kindness within me you know! Or rather, I’m actually super-kind okay! It’s just that everyone is strange for not realising that you know!

「Thank you very much.」

Even though sensei is thanking me, she doesn’t recover her spirits. It seems like my words weren’t enough to clear her mood. Even so, the only thing I can do here is to carry on talking.

「Sensei, there is no need for you to worry about it. You took action based on what you thought was good. It was Potimas who was at fault for trying to make use of your good intentions.」

In practice, sensei has not committed anything wrong. There is the stock phrase that swindlers use to say that those who are deceived are at fault, but it’s obvious that those who deceive are at fault. Sensei simply did everything that she could possibly do. That surely saved the reincarnators for a start, and everyone is safe since Potimas’s plot was crushed before it could be implemented. So it turned out alright in the end.

「However, that doesn’t change the fact that I was an accomplice to Potimas.」

Despite all that, sensei continues to worry about it. Hrm. Sensei’s sense of responsibility is too strong. By nature she burdens herself with responsibilities that she doesn’t need to carry and so she suffers because of it. Just because she is their sensei, it doesn’t mean that she has the responsibility of having to save the reincarnators, yet she took desperate action using the elves, meaning that when Potimas betrayed her she felt responsible for that as well. She burdens herself with far too many unnecessary things. It makes me think that she should live a more easygoing life. But well, that’s exactly what’s good about sensei though.

「That is clearly your wrong impression, sensei. You were simply being deceived. You have not done anything wrong at all. Besides, I’d rather not say this, but whether you were there or not, so long as Potimas was around he would have done something bad sooner or later. Regardless of your actions, that man needed to be dealt with because he was going to take hold of the total energy of the world some day. It was simply your misfortune to be born at that man’s side.」

It is Potimas who is to blame. In general things are his fault. This is the truth.

「In other words, it was a mistake that I was even born then huh.」

Gahh!? How did you get to that conclusion!?

「That’s wrong. I’ve said it over and over, but you are not at fault, sensei.」

I immediately denied it, but sensei stayed downcast. Ehhh, ahhh, uhhh. What should I do?

I shift my gaze to Felmina-chan and Kushitani-san as a request for help. Felmina-chan gently averted her gaze. Kushitani-san breathed a small sigh and shrugged her shoulders. Damn! They’re of no use!

「Don’t look at me like that please. It’s not like I am aware of all of the details for a start and we were also the last ones to come to this elf village. Since both my circumstances and viewpoint is different to everyone else’s there’s nothing that I can say.」

Kushitani-san starts giving excuses. Well, whether they’re excuses or not what she’s saying is true though. Kushitani-san and Tagawa-kun both spent a long time outside of the elf village. Accordingly, that means that the amount of interaction that they had with sensei was brief and they had also not experienced much time being restricted in the elf village. Compared to the reincarnators who spent their entire lives confined to the elf village from when they were small, their viewpoint is indeed different. So she wouldn’t be able to give an objective opinion.

「Well, going by what I’ve heard I also think that sensei is not at fault though. Isn’t this simply a matter of sensei’s own feelings? What I think is that sensei herself has to think through and sort out her own feelings about herself.」

……Are we really the same age? Well, actually, if our past lives are included then she’s older than me I guess. There I go escaping from reality again, but in truth Kushitani-san is mature compared to the other reincarnators. When sensei collapsed earlier, she was the first one to move as well. Since Kushitani-san has been around the world as an adventurer, she has proportionally wide experiences, so I guess mentally she has grown up? Well, compared to the reincarnators who’ve been spending time in this stagnant elf village, she’s been through quite a lot.

「So there you have it sensei. I’ll stay at your side until you’re able to sort out your feelings and recover, so I think it’s fine to slowly ponder things.」

「Kushitani-san, aren’t you saying that because you want to take things slowly yourself?」

「Oh my? Did you see through me perhaps?」

Kushitani-san smiles mischievously. Following that infectious smile, sensei also smiled briefly.

Hmm-mm? How strange. Wasn’t this supposed to be the scene where I gallantly take sensei’s troubles away? Kushitani-san has run away with it all, huh? How strange. It’s totally strange! So as to ask just what’s going on here, I turn my gaze to Felmina-chan. But she stubbornly refuses to look my way!

While I’m being overwhelmed with a strange sense of defeat, the others suddenly have a surprised expression. Hm? When I quickly glance at the others, sensei and Kushitani-san and also Felmina-chan are all gazing at nothing and have an attitude like they are listening carefully. Then, their expressions change from being surprised. To being grim. Their gazes shift, to me.

Ah. So it has come huh.

I send an order to the clones hacking the System. Try looking at the personal history of the Voice of Heaven (temp). Considering the reaction of the three people here, I think they probably received some kind of revelation from the Voice of Heaven (temp). And there – bingo. Hmm, so what’s what?

A World Quest is issued: Will you obstruct or will you support the plan of the Evil God who is scheming to sacrifice humanity in order to avert the destruction of the world?

Argh, damn you D. You sure have intervened in a big way.

Translation notes:

“sitting while grasping her knees” – this is a specific pose often used to evoke sad or meloncholy type feelings, such as in this example.

“I will talk when it’s time to talk” – as a general comment on Shiro’s speech patterns lately: for most of the series, when she spoke at all she used extremely brief sentences, often with just one or two words. In this chapter Shiro is speaking complete and proper sentences every time. Her speech patterns are actually very close to D’s, though slightly more colloquial.

“World Quest” – the way this is written indicates that it is a gaming term.

Shameless : Memes aren't something one considers when writing isekai novels...But this...hehehe...does put a smile on my face

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s34tp: S34. Turning Point
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

S34 – Turning Point

As we followed the pope of the Divine Word Religion, we arrived at a reception room. In the middle was a refined table, with sofas placed spaciously around it. On sitting down in one of those sofas, he encouraged us to sit down in the sofa on the opposite side. Katia hesitated for a moment to sit down, but I sat down without concern. I felt that it was meaningless to be on guard here for a start, and to be honest I felt so unwell that merely standing up was painful.

I was sitting in the middle of the sofa, directly opposite the pope, when Sue sat next to me while pressing her body against mine. That position just happened to block Katia who was still standing. If Sue sits there, then Katia can’t sit. I was about to suggest that she sits opposite me, but after glancing at Sue for a moment, Katia briskly walked around the sofa, taking the seat next to mine and opposite Sue. It seemed that she was sitting unnecessarily close to me though. I felt uncomfortable at the pope’s knowing gaze.

The women who had accompanied the pope here began to make preparations. They brought out some tea with a nice scent and laid that on the table in front of us with some light snacks. Once they completed that, the women left the room. The only ones remaining were the pope and us. Even when I tried searching, I couldn’t find the presence of anyone within the room. It would be another thing if there was someone here whose concealment ability exceeded my perception ability, but at least as far as I can see there is nobody else here. Isn’t this a bit too careless?

「Are you sure about being here all alone?」

「Indeed. It does not bother me at all.」

I cannot grasp the true meaning of the pope’s calm reply. Just what is this? When in front of this person, I just can’t compose myself. It’s of a different kind to when I faced Wakaba-san, but I can feel something unfathomable. It feels as if I’m facing a giant ball of cotton. It seems easy enough to set it on fire, yet it wouldn’t be affected in the slightest by striking it. Something so fragile and yet it could repel anything, is the vague feeling I’m getting.

「That’s right. How about we start with you trying Appraisal on me? That should serve as proof that I’m not being brainwashed or similar. I’ve made it possible for you to see it now, so go ahead.」

It is considered rude to use Appraisal on people. This tendency is particularly strong for nobles. I can agree that it is indeed impolite if having your status values read is considered to be an invasion of privacy. For someone who has become the pope, it would surely wouldn’t be a frequent occurrence to be Appraised by others. Is he perhaps trying to show his good faith by that alone?

「Then, excuse me.」

For the time being, thinking that it’s best to sweep away even the smallest doubt, I attempt to use Appraisal on him.

『Human LV1 Name Dustin

Status

ＨＰ：34／34（Green）

ＭＰ：29／29（Blue）

ＳＰ：21／21（Yellow）

：19／22（Red）

Average Offensive Ability：27 (details)

Average Defensive Ability：25 (details)

Average Magic Ability：33 (details)

Average Resistance Ability：34 (details)

Average Speed Ability：23 (details

Skills

「SP Consumption Down LV4」「Magic Perception LV3」「Magic Manipulation LV3」「Concentration LV10」「Thought Super Acceleration LV2」「Foresight LV8」「High-speed Calculation LV10」「Memory LV10」「Cooperation LV2」「Command LV3」「Distant Speech LV2」「Appraisal LV10」「Harmony」「Light Magic LV3」「Holy Light Magic LV1」「Treatment Magic LV3」「Miracle Magic LV1」「Poison Resistance LV8」「Sleep Nullity」「Pain Nullity」「Sense of Pain Alleviation LV2」「Enhanced Vision LV3」「Enhanced Hearing LV3」「Enhanced Smell LV2」「Enhanced Taste LV1」「Enhanced Touch LV1」「Life LV5」「Magic Amount LV4」「Agility LV2」「Endurance LV2」「Powerful LV2」「Sturdy LV2」「Magician LV3」「Protection LV3」「Dash LV2」「Dignity LV4」「Temperance」「Taboo LV10」

Skill points：０

Titles

「Ruler of Temperance」「Reincarnated One」「Leader」「King」「Rescuer」「Saint」』

What the heck, is this? The pope’s Appraisal result, was just too strange. Not only was his status values low but almost all his skills are considered non-combatant ones. No, it’s not like this can’t be reasonable. Just because he’s the head of the incredibly large organisation called the Divine Word Religion, it doesn’t necessarily follow that high combat ability would be a requirement. To stand above others, he was chosen for his mental abilities rather than his physical abilities – I guess that’s how things are with the pope.

However, that was all a trivial matter. No matter what, I couldn’t overlook two skills – Temperance and Taboo LV10.

「Taboo is……」

I muttered that without thinking. Within the Divine Word Religion, the possession of Taboo by itself is supposed to be considered an unpardonable sin. That is something I knew because Yuri, who was both a fellow reincarnator and a Saint candidate, would go on about it with bloodshot eyes. The Divine World Religion considers people who hold the Taboo skill to be absolutely unforgivable.

Yet despite that, the person at the top of the Divine Word Religion not only has the Taboo skill but at maximum level? What kind of joke is this?

「Precisely because I know about Taboo is why I cannot allow it to be spread. Surely you understand that as well?」

「Wha!?」

Although the subject of his question was left out, the pope seemed to be convinced – that I had Taboo at level 10. How does he even know that? I got Taboo to level 10 when I resurrected Anna at the elf village. Not only should the pope be unaware of that due to not being there, I never even told anyone that I had Taboo in the first place and since I was scrupulously careful there’s no way it should have leaked. Despite all that, how does the pope know about it?

Perhaps it’s because I let out a garbled response in a panic, but the pope’s smile becomes deeper. Ah! Am I stupid or what!? Given my behaviour, isn’t that basically like I’m accepting that the pope’s words are correct!? In fact, Katia and Sue are now looking at me in surprise. Don’t tell me… he was tricking me into revealing the truth?

「Heh heh. Please don’t make such an expression. Since it would help make the discussion easier if you already knew about Taboo, I simply wanted to confirm it. It’s already no longer any concern of ours as to whether you possess Taboo. That stage has passed by long ago.」

Matching the pope’s words, I cannot sense any malicious intent from the pope towards us. But, I couldn’t decide whether it would be a good idea to trust him or not. Considering this tough elderly man, I got the feeling that if that calm smile was concealing any malice then I still wouldn’t be able to spot it.

「Taboo is the memory of our sin.」

The pope erased his smile, closed his eyes and spoke calmly.

「We committed that sin in the past. Taboo is the record. Precisely because it is something that one is forced to remember, is why it is taboo. We must atone for that sin.」

――Atone.

Even now, that coercion continues to emanate from Taboo. Perhaps the pope sincerely accepts that and takes action accordingly then?

「However, people are weak. They crush their awareness of their sins, fleeing down the easy route instead of atoning. Even if that means erasing themselves. They believe that it is easier to surrender themselves to the urge to want to erase themselves, rather than enduring years of pain. Thus, I had to keep them from knowing about Taboo.」

That… might be the case. When I consider that this discomfort will continue forever, even I get depressed. Even I as a reincarnator who has absolutely no connection to the past of this world. From the point of view of those people who have in fact always lived in this world, they couldn’t see it as someone else’s problem and might well suffer more than me.

In the Taboo menu, there is a record of one’s personal reincarnation history. For me, that entry is simply empty. Because my previous life was not spent on this world, it is outside of the System’s perview, so it has no record of it. However, that’s not the case for the people of this world. This personal reincarnation history has the complete records of that person’s past lives. The records made since the System was created. How were you born within the System? From since the System was created until now, just how did you live? Everything is exposed.

――Atone.

Together with that thought. It’s fair to call it a record of sin. I can understand that people would rather crush that down rather than being forced to see such things and be continuously coerced to atone. In fact, precisely because such people exist, that is why the pope regarded Taboo as dangerous and harshly cracked down on people with the skill. In order to protect them.

「However, this has to be remembered sooner or later. Since the debt of our sins has not been paid off, our worn-out souls cannot even cope with the built-up interest and we are approaching bankruptcy before our very eyes.」

With his eyes still closed, the pope turned his face upwards. At that moment.

『A World Quest is issued: Will you obstruct or will you support the plan of the Evil God who is scheming to sacrifice humanity in order to avert the destruction of the world?』

The familiar voice of the Divine Word resounded directly inside my head. At the same time, what floated up in my mind was a white figure seen from behind.

「What… the?」

It was so abrupt that I couldn’t organise my thoughts. I immediately turned to look at Katia, and Katia also had her brows wrinkled while looking serious. Turning to my other side, Sue seemed a bit out of it, but she also seemed to grasp it. Given their reactions, it certainly doesn’t seem to be the case that the Divine Words just now could only be heard by me.

「So it has begun huh.」

Then, the pope who was the only one here who had maintained his composure, wearily muttered that in a tired voice.

「What do you mean, it has begun?」

「The time has come to make a choice.」

After I asked that before I could think, the pope calmly faced forwards and opened his eyes in response. I was overawed… by the unwavering glint in the pope’s eyes. I felt that I was seeing true strength in this old man who had far lower status values than me and had almost no combat ability at all, yet his body contained an indomitable will.

「We the people must make a choice. Shall we repay the great kindness that was received from the gods with ingratitude in order to survive? Or shall we repent our own sins while being destroyed?」

Katia and Sue, who didn’t know the contents of Taboo, weren’t able to follow the conversation. Even so, perhaps they understood that something terrible was occuring, or perhaps they were pressured by grave spirit of the pope, as they had become stiff with tension. I was also in a similar state.

「In order for people to survive, I will sacrifice the revered god of the Divine Word and oppose the evil god. That is why I said that the Divine Word Religion is finished.」

That was an outrageous declaration, as if overturning heaven and earth.

「Hero Shurein. Which will you choose? The people or the gods? Which of them should be allowed to survive?」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 326: Failing to be awarded “Worst Game of the Year”
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

326 – Failing to be awarded “Worst Game of the Year”

Arghhhh! Dammit all! She really got me! I thought that she might do something, but she sure did interfere in a big way. Well, from D’s point of view I guess it wouldn’t have been too interesting if things had continued as they were. So this result is within expectations. It’s within expectations, but it’s not like it doesn’t piss me off though. “I’m gonna punch you now! I’ll punch you!” – if someone said that to you, took a stance and then actually hit you, well, obviously it would hurt and piss you off wouldn’t it.

It would have been ideal for me to be able to take secret manoeuvres behind the scenes and achieve results directly. Well, in short, it would be my win if I could smash the System before anybody could realise what I was doing. The System would have already collapsed by the time people had noticed, but well, in the aftermath they’d be dying like crazy though the world and the Goddess would be saved instead. From the point of view of humanity suffering enormous damage it would be an outrageous disaster that occured without any sort of advance warning, but for me that would be the easiest as there’d be no opposition.

However, would D actually allow such a situation? No chance. That was a rhetorical question. Consider this as a game where the Last Boss performs secret manoeuvres and the protagonist doesn’t get any hints or realise that something is wrong and then suddenly it becomes Game Over. That would be a shitty game. At least give a hint that “Somewhere unknown, the Last Boss is performing secret manoeuvres! You better prevent that else it’d be bad!” That way the protagonists could rise up to crush the Last Boss’s plans! No matter how you look at it, if a scenario is created with a time limit but no hint of that and that if you go adventuring in an unrelated area you’ll quickly reach Game Over, then that wouldn’t be viable as a game.

However, from the point of view of the Last Boss, doing things that way would obviously be easier. Why the heck should you go out of your way to give hints to a potential antagonist? It’s obviously better to keep quiet and perform those secret manoeuvres. I think games overly disadvantage the villain.

In addition, even if this world has status values and other game-like elements it’s still reality. So, there’s no need to actually treat it like a game, right? Secret manoeuvres, secret manoeuvres. Muhaha, by the time it’s noticed it’s already too late!

Well, that’s what I’d wanted to do at least. This world is no game. However, for gods it is basically a game board. In terms of being a nuisance to others. As such, the conditions are fulfilled for this to be a viable game.

Now then. If we take it that I am the game’s Last Boss, then who are the powers that are hostile to me? Firstly, the pope. The pope will take action for the sake of the people and especially for the humans amongst them. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call him “The Guardian of the People”. Considering that I am attempting to bring harm upon the people, he will certainly be hostile to me. It would be futile to try to persuade him otherwise. Consider that the Demon King herself admitted that mentally he is a monster – it’s impossible that he would lose his nerve. Even an old man with a long history of being stubborn would be more likely to listen.

What’s troublesome about the pope, in addition to the fact that he’ll absolutely be hostile, is that he has one of the Ruler skills – Temperance. In the System’s hidden menu, Ruler Authority is one of the keys required to trigger the collapse of the System. With how I am now, it’s not like I couldn’t force open that key with brute strength. However, it’s also the case that I can’t predict what downsides there would be that if I did that. Therefore, if I want to play it safe, then I want to gain control over all the Ruler Authorities. Considering that one of those is in enemy hands, it’s troublesome in the extreme. In order to gain the Ruler Authority of Temperance, I either have to persuade the pope to hand it over, or otherwise I have to eliminate him. So, like I’ve been saying, since it’ll be impossible to persuade him, well, that settles the pope’s future.

The other one who will certainly take a hostile stance, is Balto. Until now, he has been serving as the Demon King’s aide all this time. Surprised? Not particularly. Balto has been working himself to the bone for the sake of the demons. Their course of action has been different, but he has something in common with the pope and also Argnar who likewise struggled hard for the sake of the demons. Balto obeyed the Demon King because he had determined that it was the best option for the demons. Rather than becoming hostile to the absolute threat that was the Demon King, he simply accommodated her so that the demons would be spared from the brunt of her attack. Considering that the existence of the demons now hangs in the balance, he would likely resolve himself to be hostile to me as the one causing that. After all, this is the same Balto who made the difficult decision that it was better to go to war with the humans while suffering great casualties and survive, rather than challenge the Demon King and be annihilated. It might have caused a huge hole in his stomach though.

Finally, the biggest problem, Kuro. He might be a loser but he’ll likely be hostile to me. After all, what I am attempting to do is against the wishes of the Goddess who is the person we’re trying to save. Since Kuro is only living for the sake of that Goddess, it shouldn’t be possible for him to go against the Goddess’s desires.

Hrmm. That’s true. The trickiest problem is that Goddess, actually. Despite the fact that we’re going to all these lengths to save the Goddess, the Goddess is disregarding herself for the sake of humanity, destroying her own existence. The person we are trying to save, doesn’t wish to be saved. In addition, the method we are using to try to save her is the massacre of humanity, going against the Goddess’s will. Naturally, our little Goddess is not best pleased.

To bystanders, what we are trying to do would likely be considered evil. However, we’re going to do it anyway. After all, that’s what the Demon King desires. The Demon King has decided that even if it will turn the entire world against her, that even if the person she saves will resent her, that she’ll do it anyway. I felt that it would be nice to be the ally of such a Demon King.

That’s why, I had made up my mind. Regardless of what D stirred up, regardless of who became our enemy. But, still. Isn’t this timing a bit much? Sensei is glaring at me with a severe expression. Yep. Arghhhh! Dammit all! She really got me!

……What am I going to do about this?

Translation notes:

“I’m gonna punch you now!” – possibly a reference to a TV drama called “School Wars”.

Shameless : Memes aren't something one considers when writing isekai novels...But this...hehehe...does put a smile on my face

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 327: I wish I had the Persuasion skill!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

327 – I wish I had the Persuasion skill!

Oi, oi, oooi! Hey, Miss D, isn’t your timing just really awful? I’ve not yet been able to explain our situation to the reincarnators properly, then you toss a bomb into this situation that is stuffed with suspicion. Well naturally, anyone would be doubtful. If our positions had been revered I’d be thinking “woah this person is bad news!”

「What is the meaning of this?」

Sensei asks me that with trembling lips. She had been incapacitated until just earlier, so her lips were pallid. Since she is now aware of the hidden true side of the elves, sensei is on unsteady ground and currently doesn’t know what to believe. It wouldn’t be surprising if she now doubted all the information that she has heard. My original plan had been to slowly win over sensei’s confidence and have her transfer the Ruler Authority of Charity over to me. So doesn’t this mean that a mission which already had a high degree of communication difficulty has gotten even harder!?

That’s right. Sensei, you had the one of the Ruler skills didn’t you – Charity. On top of that you had taken control of the Ruler Authority as well. In a way, I’m at even more of a loss as to what to do about you than the pope. I’m being blunt here! I’ve got no plan at all when it comes to sensei! Well, I mean, you know? I’m at a total loss as to what to do about you!

The pope is easy to understand, right? That person will never waver of course. While being strong-minded is worthy of respect, in a situation where you don’t agree with each other, no matter how great a person they are all you gotta do is confront them head-on.

But sensei is different. Unlike the pope, she’s not taking action based on a full understanding of the situation and instead she has lived thus far based on Potimas’s ulterior motives and having crossed paths with the reincarnators. Of course, the reincarnators being taken into protection was according to sensei’s own will, but it goes without saying that there were other intentions at work. Various things were twisted by Potimas. While sensei does have Ruler Authority, she doesn’t have accurate knowledge about the world and simply took action for the sake of the reincarnators. Because of that, when it comes time to explain what is going to happen to the world from now on, frankly I cannot predict how she will react. That’s exactly why I had intended to slowly take time to explain things to her and have her hand over the Ruler Authority. That’s all my plan boils down to! In other words, I have no plan for what to do in the current situation! Time for Plan B! Ahhh!? There’s no such thing!

What’ll I do? Seriously, what’ll I do?

「Sensei, stay calm. Wakaba-san, you too. There’s no rush but I would like an explanation of the situation though.」

Kushitani-san works to calm down sensei, and while at it also allows me to compose myself. You’re a capable woman, Kushitani-san!

That’s right. Let’s calm down for while. Firstly, for me to verbally explain everything is… impossible! There’s no way that someone tongue-tied like me can explain everything from start to finish. Particularly with these momentous yet super complicated circumstances.

Thus, the option of verbally explaining it is rejected! I can’t do what I can’t do. It’s human to know when to give up. Okay I’m not human, but don’t mind such trivial details. Rather than getting hung up on what I can’t do, it’s more efficient to switch course to a different plan.

Gnn. Without explaining things verbally, is there a way I can communicate the situation without being misunderstood? Ah, there is.

I give an additional project to my clones working in another dimension. They promptly carry it out, delivering the finished product here via space transition. I’m now holding a single book in my hands.

This book was created by turning my threads into paper. This bookmaking began as a way to convey orders to the pope or Argnar, but this technique has been refined so that it’s capable of creating a book in an instant. As things are now, I’m confident that this could fill a library within a day you know. Don’t go creating useless techniques? Well, it turned out to be useful in practice though!

Sensei and Kushitani-san are surprised to see the book suddenly appear in my hands. Felmina-chan, who has been erasing her presence, is used to this sort of thing and isn’t surprised. I hold out the book to sensei, who nervously accepted it.

「Should I read this?」

I nod. Since I created that book in a hurry, things like the information contained within Taboo or what I am going to do from now on are written out without concealing anything. That’s because I think that if I made a poor attempt at glossing over things, then it would likely just cause trouble in the future. Will sensei now cooperate with me, or perhaps reject me? I won’t be able to find that out without lifting the lid on this information. However, whatever happens, that is sensei’s choice. I will respect her decision. In addition… if she decides to stand in my way, then I better resolve myself for the worst.

Sensei’s gaze switches back and forth between the book and myself. However, once she realises that I’m not about to show any other reaction, she made up her mind to open the book and began to read. It will take some time for sensei to finish reading, but I’ll wait here until then.

Snap – suddenly that dull sound resounded from inside of me.

I lose all the strength in my body, but the hand grasping my neck doesn’t allow me to fall down. The hand that had suddenly appeared behind me had seized my neck and smashed the bones. As if it was somebody else’s problem, I realised the situation.

「I’ve no doubt that wasn’t enough to kill you.」

I hear a voice from behind me. It’s a voice that I’ve heard before. Or rather, there’s only one person on this planet that I’m aware of who is capable of doing this.

I’m violently pulled backwards by my seized neck. Since my neck, or to be precise the part of my body that transmits instructions from my brain to my body has been destroyed, I’m currently unable to resist that. I might be a god but if my flesh is destroyed then that’s enough to be real damage. Since I’m a newbie god, that’s all the more prominent. My focus might have been on sensei, but to think I actually received a surprise attack. Perhaps I’ve gotten rusty without realising it.

I’m dragged backwards, then tossed to the side. However, the place where I fall is not the tree house in the elf village that I was just in, but onto a road in a modern looking town that I’ve never seen before. Space transition. Or rather, I guess this is not somewhere in the real world, but a zone created in another dimension. While quickly performing recovery on my injured neck, on looking up I saw the expected man with jet-black armour that fits him like clothes. Administrator, Kuro, Gyuriedistodiez.

「Do you remember what I told you before?」

Kuro asks me that while looking down on me. Even if you say that, I don’t know what time you’re referring to you know.

「If you attempt to do something irreconcilable with my beliefs, then I will surely stand in your way.」

There’s no way that my thoughts reached him, but Kuro repeated what he had said back then without pause. That was what Kuro had said to me when he came visiting right after I had left the Elro Great Labyrinth.

「It seems that time has come.」

Saying so, Kuro takes a stance.

No, no, no! Excuse me but isn’t this development a bit too fast!? This development wasn’t within my expectations! This and everything is D’s fault! Damn you D!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 328: To put it in Black and White
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

328 – To put it in Black and White

Well, I knew something like this would probably happen eventually. At the end of the day, we each have our differences in what we are giving top priority to. The Demon King and I prioritise the Goddess’s existence. Kuro and the Goddess prioritise the Goddess’s will. We are disregarding the Goddess’s will in order to save the Goddess’s existence. Kuro and the Goddess are willing to allow the Goddess’s existence to vanish in order to respect the Goddess’s will. So long as those things are in opposition, then it’s inevitable that we will clash.

But enough already! Even so, I think this is rather cruel!

I roll to the side to avoid Kuro’s leg that he was swinging down to try to smash me. THUD! That loud sound was Kuro’s leg caving into the ground where I had been until a moment ago. The perfectly level ground is cracked. Don’t look at that lightly merely because the ground wasn’t smashed into smithereens. This is a fake world created by Kuro. If you think that the normal laws of physics apply, then you’ll be in for a world of hurt. Most likely, if that had hit me then all the bones in my body would have been smashed.

While rolling to the side, I spring myself up by pushing my hands against the ground. The bones in my neck are healed. But, stop attacking me already!

I somehow avoid Kuro’s fist that’s approaching my face by bending the top of my body backwards! Ina Bauer! Or maybe The Matrix! I continue leaning backwards and make a bridge by touching my hands to the ground! I scarper by using the running style from The Exorcist! Gross? As if I care about such things now!

Excuse me Mister Kuro, aren’t you rather lacking in leniency here!? Starting from a surprise attack to pulling me into your domain, followed by aggressive attacks that don’t allow me to recover. This is not how a higher ranked person should act like! If you’re a higher ranked person then act with self-conceit like a certain Goldy! You’re not a mere king but a god, right!?

While I’m legging it away, Kuro catches up to me in an instant and kicks me in the back, flinging me up into the air. GUHHOAW! I heard a sound that human bodies just aren’t meant to make! This is starting to be no laughing matter you know!?

With my limbs stretched out after being kicked up into the air, Kuro punches at my body. That fist which strikes at the middle of my chest, pierces right through my body. Hah-hah-hah. I had put a defensive barrier up but it made no difference. I can only laugh.

This situation is starting to become genuinely bad. My body’s movement is dull for a start and I can barely defend myself as well. The reason why my body’s movement is dull is because this is Kuro’s zone. With the exception of Kuro, nobody can make use of their power here. My body’s movement is dull like I’m underwater.

In addition, the reason why defence is meaningless is because Kuro’s barrier is erasing my barrier. This is the true dragon barrier that only true dragons possess. It’s a cheat barrier that invalidates all magecraft without exception. You can use it for defence by invalidating attacks and you can use it for offence by invalidating the opponent’s defence like just now. It’s truly a cheat. Unfair.

While having such a cheat ability he still sprung a surprise attack on me, having made perfect preparations to kill me. This is totally not what a self-conceited higher ranked person would do. I had planned to first lure Kuro into my zone when the time came for us to have our showdown, yet isn’t this the complete opposite of all that? Nai wa.

Sigh. Complaining will get me nowhere. There’s no point in crying over spilt milk. There were too many unexpected things, but this doesn’t change what I have to do.

Beat down Kuro and activate my world rehabilitation plan.

「Mnh.」

I grab Kuro’s arm that had pierced my chest. At the same time I change my lower body into spider form, slashing at him with the sickle on my foreleg. Kuro shook off my hands, pulling out his arm and falling back. Due to the effect of the zone dulling the movement of the sickle, he could comfortably avoid it. Since he has the dragon barrier up, he probably wouldn’t have had any problems even if he hadn’t avoided it though. I guess that goes to show just how on guard he is against me huh.

Well, thanks to that I was able to open some distance between us. But since this is Kuro’s zone, there’s not actually much meaning in opening up some distance. After all, this zone created by a god is sort of like being inside that god. It’s advantageous for you, disadvantageous for the opponent. As long as I am here Kuro will have the upper hand.

Well, it’s not like I can just allow myself to be beaten up the whole time though.

With a rustling sound, many white spiders come crawling out from the shadow beneath me. Many, many spiders. As if they are wearing away space itself, the white spiders warp the zone wherever they come out.

「Oh no you don’t!」

Kuro charges forwards in a stance ready to make a punch, but the white spiders scatter in all directions. Of course, the main body in myself also falls back and avoids Kuro’s strike. The white spiders that had scattered in all directions begin to summon other white spiders, and those white spiders summon even more white spiders. The white spiders increase in numbers geometrically. They begin to tear into Kuro’s zone.

「So much?」

Snicker snicker! Did you think I was just letting myself be beaten silly huh!? … That’s a lie. I seriously was being beaten silly, pretty much. However, I had properly arranged for my clones to take action like this to invade Kuro’s zone from outside! The hole that had opened in my chest is returning to normal. Heh, the real battle starts here! I’ll leave me getting beaten silly out from my blog!

「Damn!」

Kuro clicks his tongue. He rushes towards my main body, but I keep falling further backwards and don’t allow him to close the distance. It’s a competition between how fast Kuro can attack and how fast I can retreat. The dullness in my body’s movements have now gone.

In a battle between two users of space magecraft, it’s like a battle to secure territory. Expand your own zone, or protect against your opponent expanding their own zone. Right now, my clones in the white spiders are blotting out Kuro’s zone at a terrific rate, converting it to my zone.

Muhahaha! I didn’t thoroughly research this for nothing! Don’t look down on a specialist!

Yeah, I will acknowledge it. I’m no match for Kuro in total power. It’s also the case that I was in a bad situation with that surprise attack. Or rather, as matter of fact, in that exchange just now I lost quite a lot of my magic power. Kuro’s surprise attack was highly successful dammit.

But, but still! I’ve trained myself thoroughly the whole time since I became a god while focusing on you. It would be embarrassing if I fell so easily.

It also wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that the outcome of this battle will decide this world’s future. Now then, let’s settle things here why don’t we!

……I better take out some insurance though.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 329: How to kill a god
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

329 – How to kill a god

As Kuro chases me at high speed I escape by retreating at the same speed. During that time my clones also continue to summon more clones, overwriting Kuro’s zone. I’m relieved to be able to say that I seem to be a step above in using Space Magecraft. If I lost at this then I wouldn’t have a chance. If I couldn’t compete with Space Magecraft at the very least, then I would be in checkmate at that point after all.

If you recall my pathetic state immediately after I was dragged into this zone, you can see just how brutal these zones are indeed. It’s like putting a buff on yourself and putting a debuff on your opponent, as it were. If you don’t have some method of resisting that, then you’ll be totally screwed. Thus, Space Magecraft is an essential ability for gods. As per D’s carefully made Basic Course of God.

That is merely the prerequisites to fight a higher ranked god. That’s only enough to get you to the starting line. Unless you’re equal to or superior in Space Magecraft, then you don’t even have the capabilities to fight at all. I’m happy at the fact that I surpass him in that, but even that has been cancelled out by the damage I took from the initial surprise attack, pretty much. The delay in my initial response has equally delayed the expansion of my zone. While I am able to errode Kuro’s zone, the rate feels pedestrian. So unless I’m prepared for a drawn-out battle, it’ll be impossible to completely overwrite it.

So, my immediate situation is basically… REALLY bad. The prerequisites are to be equal to or superior in Space Magecraft. I was able to satisfy that. However, that surprise attack left a delay in my initial response when originally I had planned to lure him into my zone, but this is starting from me being in Kuro’s zone instead. In addition, Kuro is higher ranked. In order for someone lower ranked like me to beat Kuro, I absolutely must use my field to maneuver myself into an advantageous position. Because I haven’t achieved that, I’m in deep shit.

「Ugh!?」

The threads that had been spread out between the many buildings here wrap around Kuro’s body. This is a spider web that my clones had prepared beforehand. Of course, it’s nothing like a normal web. This thread contains Space Magecraft making it almost impossible to sever physically. Once you’re caught in this, you cannot escape. Or at least, that’s how it’s supposed to go.

Kuro casually swings his arm. That’s all it takes for the threads I take pride in to snap, annihilating the web. That damn cheat barrier! My threads are made by magecraft. In other words, by totally eliminating all magecraft without exception, it doesn’t work on Kuro’s dragon barrier. I knew all that, but does this mean I won’t get to show the amusing spectacle of a god strung up and immobilised by my threads then? Okay, fine. Well, I had somewhat hoped to be able to do that, more or less, but my main reason was to buy some time though.

During the tiny pause while Kuro was distracted by my threads, I gain some further distance between us. For now I’ll somehow play for time, giving priority to overwriting Kuro’s zone with my zone. It won’t be too late to go on the counterattack afterwards. Or rather, I can’t until then.

My hand has too few cards that I can play. This would be probably considered too pitiful a hand to use to claim to be a god. All I have is Space Magecraft, my clones and my Evil Eyes. Just that. Use magecraft to create my own zone, trap them in My Home and shower them with countless Evil Eyes from my clones simultaneously. You could say that this is pretty much the only attack method that I have available. You could also say that in the brief time that I had to prepare, that this method was the only one that I was able to develop that is capable of contending with a real god. Currently, my clones are putting everything into the construction of My Home.

Since I have just one type of attack, if that can be countered then I would no longer have any chance of winning. I’d like to believe that it can’t be countered so easily, but it’s definitely not impossible. This is why I didn’t want to show this if possible, back when I was fighting with Potimas’s weapons. Going by Kuro’s actions, he doesn’t have a countermeasure for my Evil Eyes. While that does give me some peace of mind, that’s also why he began with a surprise attack in order to gain an early advantage as well. Yep. Simple but super effective. Thanks to that, My Home and my Evil Eyes have been blocked and I’ve been forced onto the defensive.

However, looking at it from another perspective, this means that I should somehow be able to overturn the unfavourable situation that I’ve been placed into. That surprise attack cost me a lot of magic power, but that’s done with now that I’ve got back on my feet. To be honest, considering that I had resigned myself to be possibility that in the worst case one strike might kill me instantly, being done with it while having taken only that much damage is stroke of luck. Kuro’s offensive abilities aren’t higher than I thought. Considering that he’s attempting to draw closer, it seems unlikely that he’s good at long distance attacks. He has the dragon barrier as well, so it seems that Kuro is a god specialised in defence.

Gods are absurd beings. After all, even if you injure them they can simply recover in an instant. My body that Kuro injured has already completely returned to normal. It’s incredibly difficult to deal with a god purely with physical means. You can smash their heart or cut off their head, but they’ll soon recover back to normal after all. Of course, if you’re able to cut their head off, even a god will lose the ability to think for a moment. However, since they would have prepared for such things in advance, it’s simple enough for them to automatically recover. Even I have prepared for that, so of course those who call themselves gods would definitely have prepared for such things.

There’s many different methods available to defeat such a god. These fall into two main categories. To wear them down and to break their soul. The two examples I know of to break the soul are Heresy Attack and Abyss Magic. D casually included ways to defeat a god. I’m neither excited or attracted by that. What the fuck is that person doing!? So anyway, those methods are too high level for me and I can’t use them. D casually lets people who aren’t even gods use them. I’m neither excited or attracted by that. What the fuck is that person doing!? This is important so I’m saying it twice.

The soul is the very nucleus of living beings. Even a god can’t survive their soul being broken. Or rather, the soul is like the main body of a god anyway. According to the Basic Course of God, this is how battles between gods typically go. Possess methods to break the soul and methods to defend against that. Determine a good way to strike the opponent, then wait for a good moment to use it. Something like that. But, I can’t even do that! Since I pretty much became a god by using a trick, there’s none worse than me.

So in short, the methods I can use are from the other category. To wear them down. To wear what down you ask? Their energy.

Energy is what powers gods. If you consider the soul to be like the heart for a god, then energy is like their blood. They use that to perform various miracles. Being able to regenerate their body instantly from damage for example, is by using energy. If they exhaust their energy, then of course they can no longer do that. In short, they die. Through my Evil Eyes, I’m specialised in stealing that energy. As if I had injected them with poison, the opponent slowly becomes worn down.

But you know. This method has a problem. Which is this – gods are a bunch who have a vast amount of energy stored up, right? And so, it means I gotta drain all that energy, right? That’s gonna take forever, right?

That’s how it is. This method of wearing them down takes a LOAD of time. On top of that Kuro has the dragon barrier. While I doubt he can completely defend against my Evil Eyes, the rate at which he’s worn down will get slower no matter what. On top of that, I’m having a hard enough time just with constructing My Home in preparation for that. Neither Kuro or I have the firepower to take out the other in an instant.

Thus, we can deduce the following conclusion. We’re plunging into a super drawn-out battle. Our fight is just beginning!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 330: It might be plain to describe but actually doing it is really hard
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

330 – It might be plain to describe but actually doing it is really hard

I’m chased. I run away. I use obstructions.

Yep. This is repeating. What? Wadda ya mean the depiction stinks? You can say it all you want but I can’t do anything about it anyway. There’s not really anything worth talking about, okay.

Fine, there are some changes that come with the passage of time. Moment by moment my clones encroach onto Kuro’s zone, so little by little their influence strengthens. On top of that, as Kuro is also obstructing that, the rate of progress is at a tortoise pace. Of course Kuro knows that if his zone is completely overwritten then it’ll be bad for him, so he’s using the power of his zone to slow the movements of my clones. It’s really plain but this is still a proper fight. I just can’t describe it properly. After all, it’s plain.

In the first place it seems likely to take a heck of a long time to paint over Kuro’s zone. I’ve been running around all over the place for a while now but is there no end in sight to the zone? Whee, it’s huuuge! Nai wa. No matter how hard my clones push to errode it, doesn’t it seem impossible to paint over the whole thing? I don’t know how big this thing is in practice, but at the current pace I doubt this will end in a day or two. But hey, “a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step” and all that, right? Emotionally it feels like picking up the gravel along a thousand mile journey one by one and then painting them. That way I’ll repaint those thousand miles in a new colour. Hehe, I’ve not advanced a single step yet.

But anyway, while it might look like a plain battle visually, I’m actually super serious about doing it okay!? Look, consider a marathon or similar, from the viewer’s perspective it’s just a contest about running on and on, yeah? But, for the athletes themselves they’re basically having to keep running through an awful lot of pain. This is the same! It might seem plain, but I’m seriously battling with my life on the line here, so don’t call it plain! I can’t help it seeming to be plain and it taking a long time, but this is a life and death situation for me you jerk!

Ah man, seriously. This sure is taking a long time. Just how many days is it going to take to reach a damn conclusion, I wonder. If it goes badly maybe a month. It won’t take a whole year, surely. Or rather, this taking a long time is actually worse for Kuro anyway.

I don’t know how much of my plan has been figured out by Kuro, but the longer this takes the more advantageous it is for me. At any rate, while this is going on I’m still continuing with hacking the System after all. With enough time I will be able to gain complete control over the System, upon which I’ll immediately collapse the System, using the energy that the System was preserving to then regenerate this planet and release the Goddess. In doing so, skills and status values will be stripped from the people. The more skills they have and the higher their status values the greater the burden it will be on them, and because their souls have been weakened due to multiple reincarnations they won’t be able to withstand that, so they’ll die. In the worst case their souls will also be extinguished.

In my forecasts, including the chaos caused by the System collapsing, the number of people who’ll survive is half what it is now in the best case. The worst case? Zero, naturally. Well, see, it’s like that. Well basically, the surviving people surely won’t be dumb enough to do something stupid in a situation like that, hopefully. At any rate, I’ve put a filter on the reincarnators such that they’ll survive and I plan to make sure that they won’t be affected by the aftermath of the System collapsing at least, plus there’s others who’ve helped me that I’ll put through the same treatment, so there shouldn’t be a situation where there’s no survivors. If it still ends up with zero left, that would only be because after the System collapses everyone sits around nonchalantly doing nothing right? If they go that far it’s not my problem. I won’t babysit them to that extent.

The Goddess can’t accept such a scenario. Which is why Kuro is taking action according to the Goddess’s will. That being the case, I would expect that this stalemate situation would not be good for Kuro. The longer this takes, the closer we get to going over the time limit where I can activate my plan after all.

Hrmm. In which case, how much Kuro knows would have various effects on the current situation. Firstly, in the scenario where Kuro knows nothing. That’s totally to my advantage. After all, it means I can simply keep things as they are until Kuro runs out of time. By the time Kuro will have noticed, that ship would have already sailed. Whether I win or lose, by the time we return everything would be over, the end.

Secondly, in the scenario where Kuro knows there’s a time limit. We can split this scenario into two alternatives. The first alternative is one where he’s waiting for an opportunity. Perhaps he has concealed some kind of killer technique that is capable of defeating me and is preparing to activate it. Or otherwise, he’s playing for time like me. This alternative wouldn’t be a particularly welcome situation for me. As it would mean that one way or another he is advancing some strategy that I cannot detect and is bad for me. That being said, if he has some kind of killer technique that’s capable of killing me, then he should have used it first during the surprise attack, so if he’s still playing for time then I don’t have the slightest idea what he’s using that time for. After all, I want to play for time as well. Hrmm-mm. I dunno!

The second alternative is well, I rather doubt it but one where Kuro genuinely is at a loss at how to go on the offensive. Perhaps he is aware that the more time that passes the more advantageous it is for me. However, he’s not able to attack. Something like that. Well, surely not. After all, Kuro is far higher ranked than me after all. That’s surely more unlikely than how things are now where I’ve been able to recover from the surprise attack by a rather unbelievable amount. Just what the heck are you planning? I’m scared because I can’t figure it out.

Hmm. Seriously, what are you planning? In what kind of situation would it be an advantage for Kuro to play for time? Nobody on Kuro’s side should be able to exceed my expectations. In which case, is there someone on Kuro’s side that I’m not aware of? Even then, I can’t imagine that being the case though. Have I overlooked something? Unlikely. In that case what is Kuro aiming for? Seriously… I got no idea at all!

Sigh. I guess it’s no use thinking about things I don’t know huh. I better concentrate on the battle in front of me. Even if it might be plain to describe. Even if it might be plain to describe!

Oh? Kuro is preparing to teleport? Perhaps he’s judged that so much distance has opened up between us that he won’t be able to catch up without leaping through space? Eh? But, even so, that’s a bad move you know?

Kuro activates the teleport. He’s trying to link space to an area right in front of me.

「Guhah!?」

However, I interfere with the technique. Due to that the technique is disturbed, with the resulting distortion causing Kuro to take damage as he tries to jump through space. It’s like he was about to jump through an open door, but then the door was locked shut and he carried on moving and collided with it. The situation is completely different, but it’s something along those lines. Incidentally, the cause of the door being locked was my interference with the technique.

Currently in this zone, Kuro’s zones and my zones are mixed together, so it’s become an unstable place where we can each obstruct the other. If you try to activate a high level space technique like teleport in such a place, it’s obvious that the opponent will interfere with the technique, resulting in it failing. However, rather than it simply failing to activate, the interference will cause it to explode like just now. It could even cause major damage. For him to make such an elementary mistake, just what is going on?

Seriously… I can’t figure out Kuro’s intentions.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter tbdb: The Black Dragon's Battle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Author’s summary of the : Kuro: Guhah!? Shiro: (Somehow I’m winning. Da heck? What is he planning? I dunno!)

This is, impossible for me indeed. I had known for sure. I had understood for sure. Even so, I can’t deny that I had never held out the hope that perhaps luck would be on my side. Sure enough however, it seems that such a too-good-to-be-true development won’t happen. If such a too-good-to-be-true development was ever going to happen, then surely I wouldn’t have experienced quite as much suffering as I have to date. Such a thing never happened as this world isn’t so nice as to let me have hope. The conclusion that can be drawn from all this, is that I will be defeated.

I had known for sure. I had understood for sure. However, now that this has actually come to pass, I am filled with regrets. That I gave up the right to choose, that I’ve been stagnant for so long. So this is the gap between me and my opponent who has constantly been forging ahead huh.

Shiro. Shiraori. Originally she was simply a reincarnator. From there, she made use of the System in a way that nobody had ever managed to before and achieved the leap to godhood. Even considering that she made use of the System’s power, she still produced a miracle for a normal living being to reach godhood. It’s doubtful that she herself understands just how great an achievement she made, but it was enough that D went out of her way to bestow a name and make an invitation to become her kin. I guess she is what people call a genius.

There is no concept of a “genius” amongst us dragons. We dragons become stronger simply by being alive, naturally attaining godhood. As we are a species that is destined to attain godhood, our strength is proportional to how long we have lived. They’re evenly matched within the same generation, cannot rival those from an older generation and won’t lose to those from a younger generation. That’s how dragons are.

It’s not just the dragons either. On one level or another, for most gods their strength is directly connected to their age. Which is why, from my point of view it is absurd in the extreme to experience the current situation where a newbie god who has only just been born is able to be more than a match for me. I’ve become able to fully understand the feelings of those seeing the unreasonable difference that talent makes amongst people.

Her Space Magecraft is above mine. Although I was able to execute a surprise attack and pull her into my domain, even that is being steadily overwritten. It won’t happen any time soon, but if my territory is overwritten then the situation will be overturned. The situation becomes worse the more time that passes. However, once my surprise attack failed to achieve a quick victory, it was unavoidable that it would develop into a drawn-out battle. In addition, I knew that if it became a drawn-out battle then it would be disadvantageous to me.

It sure seems that Shiro has a tendency to overestimate me. Certainly I am above her in terms of my rank as a god, considering our total amounts of pure energy. However, if you were to ask whether that is directly connected to combat ability, the answer is no. Dragons learn knowledge and skills from the elder dragons. However, I don’t have any of those elder dragons to learn from. As there are limits to self-education, my abilities would likely have fallen well behind compared to dragons of my generation.

In the first place, I don’t have any combat experience with those equal to or stronger than me. Well, in this respect it’s not just me I guess. The dragon clan, the heavenly clan and the demonic clan. Since the struggle for supremacy between the three great god clans has entered a cold war period there’s been no opportunity for young dragons to go to battle. Even if this planet had been functioning normally and the other dragons hadn’t left, I likely wouldn’t have had an opportunity to fight with a god equal to or stronger than me. I am completely lacking in combat experience.

In contrast, before Shiro became a god she experienced fighting with those equal to or stronger than her. As a god, this is likely the first time she has fought with another god, but even so she has survived while experiencing fights to the bitter end. That makes a big difference.

And more than anything, I am not in top form. The biggest reason why Shiro is overestimating me is likely because she is looking at my maximum energy capacity. From Shiro’s point of view, I’m sure that would seem to be enormous. I haven’t been living all this time nothing either. For dragons their rank as a god is tied to how long they’ve lived. In that regard, I’m a somewhat powerful god.

Like when looking up at a huge container in the sky from nearby, she is misunderstanding my strength.

Humph. I’m a laughingstock. It’s certainly the case, very much so, that if I had stored up the maximum amount of energy that my body could contain, then I would surely be able to achieve victory without even having to take into consideration my lack of combat experience. However, I would never have just left such energy lying around. If I had any such energy available, I would have obviously have used it all to help regenerate this planet, right?

Ahh, indeed. I’ve spent almost all of my energy on regenerating this planet. I put aside some for contingencies, leaving just a small amount of power. Everything has been for the sake of liberating Sariel even little bit sooner.

All that’s here is the leftover remains of the god Gyuriedistodiez. It’s not like I had weakened to the extent that I’d have ever lost to the likes of Potimas, but having said that I don’t have the power left to beat a god of the same rank as me.

Shiro is likely thinking that she is confronted by a battle with slim chances of victory. She is surely not thinking that it is in fact I who has slim chances of victory. If she got conceited it would likely make my situation a little easier though.

I shall admit it. The way things are going I will lose. It’s not like I don’t have a trump card. But, even when taking that into account it’s bleak. All I can do is to buy as much time as possible and to whittle Shiro down even a little bit.

In which case, I’ll focus purely on that. Even if it’s just my leftover remains, as a much older god than you I won’t be going down easily. I’ve entrusted the rest to you, Dustin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s35to: S35. Two Options
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

「What will you do? It is fine if you are unable to make a decision immediately. However, please at least remember this – time waits for no one. In other words, even while you are struggling to decide, the situation is progressing.」

After we had received a general explanation from the pope, the three of us were sitting face to face in my assigned rooms. In this place which was the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion, apparently these rooms were provided for the Hero to stay in. I wasn’t accepted as the Hero by the world in general, or rather this was the first time I’d come here anyway so I hadn’t used them before, but now I was grateful to be able to use them. Katia and Sue had each been provided with their respective rooms, but right now we were gathered at my rooms in order to discuss things. However, even though this should be a discussion, nobody made any move to speak. An oppressive silence dominated the place.

It’s hardly surprising. Katia and Sue have both been taught the details of Taboo after all. Anyone who learned that would fall into an oppressive mood. On top of that, the discussions with the pope on what will happen next was more than enough to make the mood even heavier.

The pope has decided to fight. No. The fight has already begun. That was a fight to challenge the gods, to kill the gods. To save the people, kill the gods. In order to maintain this world, the pope has already made his decision and put it into action.

If what we’ve heard from the pope is correct, then this world has only two viable alternatives. One is what Wakaba-san and co are trying to do – destroy the System. With that method, the Goddess who has been supporting the world until now won’t be killed, making it possible to restore this world. However, in compensation for that, as a side-effect of the people having their skills forcibly removed from their souls, it’s likely that about half of the people living in this world would die. Not only would they die, but apparently many people’s souls would be smashed. If someone’s soul is smashed then they would no longer be able to reincarnate. In other words, it’s the ultimate death.

The other method is the plan being advanced by the pope and the one called the Black Dragon, who is probably the person called Gyurie that I saw in that dream. Though rather than calling it a plan, it’s more of an extension of what’s been done so far. In other words, to stop the plan of Wakaba-san and co, to allow the System to continue operating as is and to restore the world to a normal condition. With this method, people won’t be forcibly sacrificed in order to take the right path, making it possible to restore this world. However, in this case the Goddess who is currently supporting the System will have no hope of being saved and go beyond her limits. Then, after the Goddess has passed away, the same will happen to the Black Dragon who will succeed her as the core of the System.

According to the pope, considering the time it will take until the Goddess exhausts all her strength, followed by the Black Dragon sacrificing himself after taking over the System, it will just about be enough to restore this planet. Any shortfall will apparently be covered by collecting the energy produced during the battle between Wakaba-san and the Black Dragon. I was doubtful whether such a thing would be possible, but it seems this small scale world developed by the Black Dragon has the ability to do so. Then, if even that isn’t enough, then after this battle is over, yet another battle will be started in order to gather up enough energy. In the form of the Divine Word Religion vs the Goddess Religion. In addition, there’s also a scenario where the Divine Word Religion is destroyed by the people across the world who have been deceived by them all this time. In short, the pope and the Black Dragon are using their own destruction in order to save this world.

One faction would sacrifice half the people in order to save the Goddess and the world. Another faction would sacrifice themselves and the Goddess in order to save the people and the world. Neither of them are reasonable. With either method, the losses would be too great.

「Somehow. Isn’t there some other way? Isn’t there some way where nobody is lost?」

In spite of myself, I spoke out. There’s two people who seem about to fall off a cliff, but only one of them can be saved. Which one do you save? This all seems to resemble that question. Except in this case, neither option is good.

「None, probably. If there was such a convenient option, whether it was Wakaba-san or whether it was the pope, they would have chosen that after all.」

Katia states the obvious. I get it. With my head, I get that such a convenient option couldn’t exist. Even though I get it, I can’t help but think otherwise.

「No matter how impossible it is, onii-sama can achieve anything!」

Sue went and said that. The scary thing is that Sue doesn’t seem to be joking. Just how does she view me?

「Sue, you should consider the time and place to make jokes.」

「Jokes?」

Katia rebukes Sue while massaging her forehead, but Sue stares blankly. It wasn’t a joke.

「Anyway. This is a really important matter, so there’s no way I can immediately make a decision. There’s also Hyrinth and co who have been left behind at the elf village, so let’s put this on hold for now.」

I’m still not prepared to choose either option. If possible I’d return to the elf village again and meet up with Hyrinth and co to discuss it with them. That’s only if I have enough time though.

At that moment, the ground shook.

「An earthquake!?」

A tremendous jolt strikes my body. While I didn’t fall over because I was sitting down, the impact toppled the furniture. This is the first time that I’ve felt an earthquake in this world. But, I soon realised that this wasn’t an actual earthquake. The jolt came only once. Rather than how intermittent jolts continue during an earthquake, this was the sort of jolt that would come from some kind of large explosion nearby.

No, this isn’t “the sort of jolt”. It actually was due to an explosion occurring nearby! The proof of that is that I got wind of something burning with my strengthened sense of smell.

「Something’s happened! I’ll go check it out! You two wait here!」

「No, we shall come with you. It’s more dangerous for us to be separated. Let’s move together.」

In response to my suggestion, Katia immediately proposed an alternative. However, since we don’t know what has happened, it might be safer for us to move together.

「Got it. Let’s go!」

We left the room, and began to run in the direction of the smell. I could tell where to head for without having to think about it. The reason being is that violent explosions continued to occur.

What the heck has happened? What is going on? The questions are never ending, but for it to occur with this timing, it’s highly unlikely to be unrelated to the battle between the pope’s side and Wakaba-san’s side.

On arriving at the place where the explosions were occurring, there was a half-naked large man and a girl in maid clothes facing off against each other. Beyond them was the pope, a women who seemed to be trying to protect him, and a person whose gender couldn’t be distinguished from the face or clothing. Looking at the situation, the girl in maid clothes was an assailant, and it seems that the half-naked large man had come to face her.

「The Hero huh. Leave so that you don’t get caught up in this.」

That large man gave us that warning. Perhaps taking advantage of the opening made by him talking to us, the maid girl sprung forwards. However, the flames that sprung forth from the large man obstructed her. Even though we were some distance from it, the heat from the flames was terrible. Just when I thought that the maid girl wouldn’t get off lightly from taking a direct hit, she had suddenly moved far from the large man before I had noticed. My eyes couldn’t follow her at all.

「Status. Affinity. I am superior in both. Even if by some miracle you can break past me, there are still two more ancient dragons here. You’re checked.」

The large man pointed that out to the maid girl. I somehow felt pity in those words.

「……」

The maid girl silently began to activate magic. It was magic of the dark type. However, the invocation speed was unreal! Before I could blink an eye, a great number of magic shots were invoked, and rushed towards the large man.

「How boring.」

They were slapped away by the androgynous person who had been at the pope’s side until just now. As if swatting away some bugs, that’s how easily those countless magics were erased. It’s not like the maid girl’s magic was weak. On the contrary, that magic was incredibly powerful. One shot of magic that wasn’t erased by the androgynous person carried on its course and caused massive destruction to the building.

「Damn. It’s going to collapse.」

Just one short. With just that one shot of magic, the building started to collapse. With all the cumulative great explosions that shook the building, with just the aftermath of the battle, the building had been pushed beyond its limits.

「Nier! Take Dustin and leave!」

「While I might be next in rank in Earth, I am far from being suitable as an escort.」

While listing some complaints, the woman carried the pope away on her shoulder.

「Hero party – you should also leave now.」

「We shall eliminate this.」

The genderless person and the large man said that while looking towards us. These people are, allies I guess? Since they protected the pope, they should be in the pope’s faction. Then, the hostile seeming maid girl is in Wakaba-san’s faction I guess?

「You were Ael, right? Two vs one. It goes against my principles, but if we don’t eliminate you here you might become an obstacle. Don’t think badly of me.」

The large man took a step towards the maid girl. However, before he even did that the maid girl turned around, then escaped.

「As if I’ll let you escape!」

The large man chased after her, and the genderless person also followed after him. What should I, should we, do then?

「Shun! It’s collapsing! Let’s just get away from here!」

「Ah, yeah.」

Katia pulled on my sleeve and I came to my senses. There’s nothing we can do here. Besides that, if we don’t get away now, we’ll just get buried.

「Run!」

We ran away from the building that was beginning to collapse.

「I am glad to see that you are safe.」

On escaping, we were met by the pope who had left first. Although it was the pope who was being attacked, he still had the same gentle expression on his face. Seeing that expression really brought home the enigmatic depths in the pope. In that battle just now, I couldn’t do anything except look on in a daze.

「The fight has already begun. It has developed a bit faster than I was expecting though.」

The pope murmured that while gazing at the collapsed building. I thought that I would have a bit more time to think. However, it seems that’s not the case. At this very moment, the world is starting to move.

In addition, I became fully aware of this just now. I am… weak. We couldn’t do anything in that fight except to watch. If I’d tried to interfere back there, with my strength I wouldn’t have been able to do anything. It was such an intense fight that just the aftermath was enough to destroy the building. With my power, there’s no way I could have contended with that maid girl or that large man.

I’m fully aware – I am weak. I don’t have some kind of power that can change the world. “Somehow, somewhere, isn’t there some other way” huh. Even for those incredibly strong people, they are still being forced to make a choice where they have to sacrifice someone. How incredibly conceited of me to think that someone far weaker like me could do something.

There’s two options. Just two. There’s nothing else to choose from.

That is the reality in front of me.

Author’s comments:

Maid girl: First appeared in “The Second Informal Conference ②”. The Puppet Taratekt, Ael.

Half-naked large man: First appearance.

Genderless person: First appearance.

Woman who protected the pope: First appearance in the web novel.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36: S36 The Last Two Options 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Author’s comments:

Updates resume. Summarising recent events in three lines:

The reincarnators have a explanation meeting!

D-san makes a mischievous announcement!

A great battle between Kuro and Shiro breaks out!

Kushitani Asaka’s point of view.

「Eh!?」

Wakaba-san’s neck was broken by the man wearing black armour who suddenly appeared. That alone wasn’t enough for the man in black, as he disappeared with Wakaba-san. Just for an instant, while the man was disappearing, a different landscape could be seen in the background. I’d guess that’s the Space Magic teleportation spell I’ve heard about. Space Magic is rare, so I can only guess as I’ve never seen it before though.

But, none of that matters. For now we gotta be concerned about Wakaba-san’s safety.

「Eh? Eh?」

To my side, sensei’s eyes are darting about in confusion. I’m probably showing a similar reaction to sensei’s from the viewpoint of others. That’s just how sudden that event was. Why did that happen to Wakaba-san? Who is that man? Where did Wakaba-san and that man go? Is Wakaba-san okay? There was so much to consider that my thoughts were scattered. On top of that, I was already somewhat confused due to the Divine Word that we’d heard just before.

A, anyway, I gotta do something. But… what should I do?

「……Sensei, that book.」

The first thing that came into my wandering eyes, was the book that Wakaba-san had handed over to sensei just now. Immediately after we heard that Divine Word, that man attacked Wakaba-san. Considering the timing, it can’t be unrelated. In addition, when sensei asked Wakaba-san what the meaning of that Divine Word was, she handed over that book instead of replying. Without doubt that book contains some kind of hint to overcome this situation. Maybe that was wishful thinking, but I couldn’t think of a better way to deal with this abrupt incident.

「Please lend it to me.」 「Ah, sure.」

It seems that sensei is taking longer to recover than me, as she is still in a daze. Because of that, she easily did as I asked and handed the book over. I immediately open the book and scan through the contents. It’s not like I can speed read, but if I activate the Thought Acceleration skill to the maximum extent, then I can achieve something similar. I’m the type who prefers to read books without rushing, but now’s not the time for that. By reading this book, our understanding of the situation will change.

「……You gotta be kidding.」

However, contrary to my wishful thinking, the book did not contain anything that would help break our current situation. Instead, the result was that a much more difficult problem was thrust before us. At least though, this does confirm the reason why Wakaba-san was attacked by that man.

「Sensei. For now, let’s go downstairs. Let’s gather everyone, then……」

This is not a problem that I can keep to myself. I gotta gather all the reincarnators and solicit their thoughts. Though just soliciting their thoughts won’t solve anything though…

After all, there’s things like whether the world will be destroyed, or which of two options to take to save the world. Either of those two options require great sacrifices. Saving the world means choosing one of those two. One option is to sacrifice half of humanity. The other option is to sacrifice god. There’s no way I can keep such heavy facts to myself is there. You sure have left us with a troublesome gift, Wakaba-san. While she bears no responsibility for the world being on the verge of destruction, I still want to vent some complaints to Wakaba-san.

It seems that Wakaba-san has chosen the option of sacrificing half of humanity. In which case, that man who attacked is a person who stands in opposition to that choice. I think that means he is a person who has chosen the option of sacrificing god. That he took those actions after hearing the Divine Word. This means that two factions had already formed without our knowledge, engaging in various secret maneuvers beneath the surface to save the world huh.

Speaking of which, I look around for the other person who should be in this room apart from sensei and I. That girl called Felmina who seemed to be a subordinate of Wakaba-san. However, while she was here until recently, there’s no longer any sign of Felmina in this room. She may have gone to inform people from the same faction that Wakaba-san had been attacked. In which case, it might be accurate to say that conflict between the two factions has already begun.

……What can we do?

During the battle between the elves and Wakaba-san’s side, we were kept out of the loop. I have the confidence to say that despite appearances I am quite outstanding as an adventurer. Despite that, there was nothing I could do during that battle. When we heard that the Imperial Army was attacking the elf village, we were blinded by partisanship and simply accepted everything we were told. So what could the likes of us do in the middle of a battle to decide the fate of the world?

……I can’t come up with any answers. In the first place, we are under no obligation to participate in this battle. In my case, I’d want to just turn tail and run away from such an insane battle. However, even if I run away, this battle will still decide the fate of this world. The future will be greatly affected by who wins. So is it really possible to stay uninvolved in the end? I don’t know.

Either way, I don’t think I can come up with a solution by myself. I gotta share this story with everyone and discuss it.

I take sensei by the hand, and leave the room. While holding the book left by Wakaba-san firmly in my hands.

Translation notes:

“The Last Two Options ①” – it appears that this is the first in a series of side story chapters focusing on how the reincarnators in general respond to the situation. Note that the previous chapter was called “Two Options” and this effectively follows on from that styling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36.2: S36 The Last Two Options 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The pope must die!

Author’s comments: Demon King’s point of view

「I see.」

When Felmina-chan rushed over out of breath to give her report, that was all I could say. To bring me the latest information, Felmina-chan had rushed over to such an extent that she was out of breath despite her training as a secret agent by Shiro-chan. That being the case, in order to acknowledge her performance, it is necessary to take immediate action. Despite thinking that though, it’s easier said than done to mentally shift gears. I had thought I had prepared myself for this long ago, but when confronted with actually putting this into practice, I feel shaken up. No matter how long I’ve lived for, I’m forced to feel that I’m still a little girl. But, I have to accept it.

The path taken by Gyurie and I, as well as the pope Dustin, has now diverged.

My relationships with Gyurie and Dustin have lasted a long time. It wasn’t a relationship where we could say we were perfectly aligned, but unlike the distant relationship I had with Potimas, I had intended to keep fairly good relationships with them. Sometimes there were conflicts over differences in policy. Even so, because it was clear what goal we were aiming for, there was never a decisive break. But, that also ends today huh.

「Ael.」

In order to conceal my mixed feelings, I try to focus on keeping my voice as level as possible while using Telepathy to communicate. The other party is Ael, a member of my family who was placed with Dustin as a liaison.

「Kill the pope.」

I give the order. With this, I can no longer turn back. Or rather. At the moment when Gyurie took action against Shiro-chan, it was no longer possible to turn back. The trigger had already been pulled. Then, with my order the course of events is accelerated further. I had thought that these events could still be postponed until later. Shiro-chan and I had thought we could postpone this until the last possible moment. However, it seems that D-sama didn’t like that. Once the course of events is accelerated, they can no longer be restored. The course of events will become turbulent and likely cause the last battle on this world to break out. That being the case, it is best to have Dustin exit the stage so that he doesn’t get in the way.

In normal circumstances there would be little meaning in killing Dustin. Due to the effect of his Ruler skill Temperance, even if he dies he’ll simply inherit his memory and reincarnate. It takes several years between death and reincarnation. From there even though it takes several more years until he grows to adulthood, the gigantic organisation known as the Divine Word Religion covers that gap, keeping the world in a stable condition. The gap left while Dustin is not there is by no means small, but it is not so large that it can’t be covered either. That much is evident from the fact that Potimas was never able to crush the organisation known as the Divine Word Religion. Whether Dustin is there or not doesn’t cause a significant change in its situation.

But, right now the circumstances are not normal. If Dustin is removed at this crucial point, it will result in the Divine Word Religion becoming a disorganised mob without leadership. Not only that, but it becomes possible to create an opening in the authority granted by the Ruler skill. Meaning that one of the keys to destroying the System, namely Ruler authority, becomes blank. Since there’s no way we can get hold of that authority it can’t become an advantage, but it does have the benefit of reducing a disadvantageous situation to being even. For that reason, now is the ideal timing in which to finish off Dustin. However, they should be aware of that as well.

「If you judge that it can’t be done then you can retreat immediately.」

I give Ael some supplementary instructions. It’s hard to imagine that Dustin of all people would not have made some kind of preparations. Amongst my family members, Ael comes after the Queen Taratekts in terms of strength. I don’t think she’d fall too far behind but, since Gyurie is in their camp, I can’t be optimistic. The fact that Gyurie is with them means that the dragon and drake species that obeys Gyurie will also become affiliated with their camp after all. Amongst them, the most difficult to deal with would be the ancient dragons. The chief of each of the elemental ancient dragons, will definitely be superior to Ael. If they are guarding Dustin, then it would be reasonable for the assassination attempt to fail.

I guess that’s the limit of what I can do to mess with Dustin huh. With the absence of Shiro-chan the Space Magecraft master, we are faced with the absolute barrier of distance. Considering the distance between where we are now at the elf village to the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion at the Holy Country of Aleius, the most I can do is to give Ael orders. Regardless of whether Ael succeeds or fails, we should also take action.

「With regards to Shiro-chan, we can only let her take care of it.」

There’s nothing I can do there. Considering the situation that Felmina-chan observed, Shiro-chan and Gyurie are likely fighting in a place we can’t enter. I don’t know where they teleported to. There’s even the possibility that they’re not fighting in real space. Even if they are fighting in real space, it’s not realistic to be able to find them in this wide world. We can only believe in Shiro-chan.

That being the case, what can we do?

「…… Okay. Then, let’s go.」 「Where to?」

Wrath-kun, who had been silently watching over the situation, calls out to me.

「That’s obvious. To gather the remaining owners of the Ruler skills in our hands. First off, is Miss Okazaki who is close by.」

The owners of the Ruler skills are key. They are the key to our objective which is to destroy the System. Conversely, it could be said that the owners of the Ruler skills have a way to lock us out. In other words, the preliminary battle in this war will be who can gather the most owners of Ruler skills. And at present, there are three owners of Ruler skills who do not belong to either camp. Miss Okazaki, who Shiro-chan refers to as sensei. Yamada-kun the Hero. Finally there’s Princess Suelecia who is Yamada-kun’s younger sister who seems to have also acquired a Ruler skill. After our discussions here ended, Shiro-chan had casually left, but she said something along those lines at the time. Since Yamada-kun said he wanted to meet with Princess Suelecia, then it’s likely that Yamada-kun is with Princess Suelecia at the Holy Country of Aleius. From what Felmina-chan said, it seems that Yamada-kun hasn’t returned. In short, that means that Dustin has two owners of Ruler skills in his hands. Damn Shiro-chan. You messed up……

If Yamada-kun and Princess Suelecia are with Dustin, then it’s better to say that they’ll go to his side. In which case, it will become necessary to get the one remaining here, Miss Okazaki, on our side no matter what. Whether it takes eloquence or whatever, I gotta win her over. If that can’t be achieved, then she must be prevented from turning into the enemy. Since Shiro-chan seems to owe her a debt from her past life, I’d rather not have to get rough, but if the circumstances require it then I’ll use any means necessary.

This battle will decide the fate of the world. I have already discarded my emotions. So, Gyurie, Dustin. You better be prepared. Because I have prepared myself.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36.3: S36 The Last Two Options 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The beginning of the end. The end is the beginning.

Author’s comments: Pope Dustin’s point of view

Upon moving from the collapsed building, we took refuge inside a church with particularly study defences. In the event of an enemy attack on the Holy Country of Aleius, it was built to be the last bastion during the siege. Given the opponents facing us, this level of defence wasn’t intended to provide much more than some peace of mind, but surely it is better than nothing.

Shurein-sama the Hero, his younger sister Suelecia-sama and the duke’s daughter Karnatia-sama. With these three included the refuge was complete, and right now we are waiting for the return of the two who left chasing the assailant. In addition, there is another woman here who has been guarding us. She might be a woman, but she’s sitting on a sofa in annoyance, with her arms draped over it. That is hardly the attitude you would expect from a guard. But, that is surely a sign of confidence of one with true power and the ability to deal with almost anything. In truth she is a dragon who is a subordinate of Black Dragon-sama. She is also an ancient dragon.

After a short wait, there was a knock at the door, and before I could answer she said “It’s open”. Then the door was opened in response.

「Nier. Keep it locked.」

A huge man admonishes her.

「It makes no difference whether it’s locked or not though.」

The woman casually replies with no regard for being ashamed.

「Please don’t fight.」

Soothing the huge man who seems about the burst a vein, is a genderless person.

「Was your hunt successful?」

For now, I prioritise confirming whether or not the assailant just now was brought down.

「No. She escaped.」

「Pathetic.」

「Woah, woah.」

The huge man glares at the woman’s complaint, then the genderless person calmed things down.

「She vanished in the midst of the chase. Most likely, not Teleport. Perhaps that was Summoning. I’d guess Ariel summoned her to her side.」

「I see. In that case it is likely impossible to give chase.」

Summoning is a skill that makes it possible to use a Teleport like ability. While it is limited in that it is only possible to go to the summoner, depending upon the usage it is possible to use it to escape, like just now. If it is Ariel-sama who summoned her, then the destination would be the elf village. It is not possible to chase her to such a far-flung location.

「For Shurein-sama and friends, this should be your first meeting. Allow me to introduce you. These three are ancient dragons, subordinates of Black Dragon-sama.」

「Indeed. I am humanised right now, but my true form is that of a dragon. I am Guen the Fire Dragon. Best wishes for the future.」

「I am an Ice Dragon. Nier is my name.」

「I’m Reise the Darkness Dragon. The other ancient dragons have strong personalities, so if anything happens feel free to rely upon me.」

「Someone with such sinister looks shouldn’t be saying that.」

「Kukuku.」

After hearing the ancient dragons introduce themselves, Shurein-sama and friends stand up.

「I am Shurein Zagan Anareich.」

「…… I’m Suelecia.」

「I am Karnatia Seri Anabald.」

After hearing Shurein-sama and friends introduce themselves, Guen-sama nods generously.

「Indeed. The Hero and his younger sister. And his wife.」

「WIFE!?」

「……Say what?」

In response to Guen-sama’s last line, Karnatia-sama exclaims hysterically, and Suelecia-sama utters in a voice thick with bloodlust.

「Oh? That’s not the case?」

「……Yes. That’s not the case.」

Shurein-sama seems somewhat self-conscious as he says Karnatia-sama is not his wife. On the other hand, while Suelecia-sama looks satisfied, Karnatia-sama has a complicated expression that seems a little dissatisfied. I see. Shurein-sama seems to have the sort of personality that women can easily fall for. If this was not during an emergency I could have enjoyed myself watching over them, but unfortunately now is not the time for that.

「We have completed the self-introductions, so now we should talk about the future.」

「Ah, indeed.」

Guen-sama is standing with his arms folded, prepared to listen to the conversation like that. Reise-sama leaned against the wall near the door. Those two are likely on guard against a second attack. The member of Ariel-sama’s family who attacked me earlier was called Ael, a type of monster known as a Puppet Taratekt, so if it is true that she has been summoned back to where Ariel-sama is, then I cannot imagine there being any further attacks. However, there is no harm in being vigilant. Since it is now the case that I cannot afford to die.

「Now then. I think we should discuss the situation since we have split into two factions and are fighting against each other. For convenience, since Ariel-sama and co are taking action in order to save the Goddess, let us call them the Goddess Faction. Since we are taking action in order to save humanity, let us call ourselves the Humanity Faction. There are two major aspects to the battle between the Goddess Faction and the Humanity Faction. The first involves Black Dragon-sama and Shiro-sama, though perhaps it would be easier for you to understand if I called her Wakaba-sama. There is the battle between those two. We cannot intervene in a battle between those two since they are gods.」

In the first place, not only is it not possible to go to the pocket dimension where those two are fighting, there is such a great difference in power that we would only get in the way. So in spite of the fact that the winner of the battle between them is important enough to decide the winner of the battle between the Goddess Faction and Humanity Faction, we have no means to intervene.

「However, we cannot just sit and watch. There is the other important aspect, namely to prevent the collapse of the System.」

Shiro-sama is attempting to cause the System to collapse. In order for her to achieve that, it is necessary to revoke the keys, namely the Ruler authority. To cause the collapse of the System, a self-destruction switch as it were. In order to press that switch, the Ruler authority of all 14 Ruler skills is required. Of course, so long as I have one of them, it is impossible for her to gain all of them. However, it appears that Shiro-sama has forcibly broken through this.

「However, the legitimate key is still in my possession. That being the case, it is possible to lock it properly again.」

In short, if you can lock it properly again, you can prevent the collapse of the System that the Goddess Faction is trying to achieve. My very own body with its Ruler authority, is our trump card against the Goddess Faction.

Due to the power of the skill of Temperance, even if I die it is possible to retain my memories on reincarnating. Thus, I have not been afraid of death in a long time. Perhaps I have not felt the pressure of being unable to afford to die since the Divine Word Religion was stabilised as an organisation. I would have never expected that I of all people would again face the threat of being afraid of death. If I die now, then everything that I have built up will be lost. To save the human race. I have been working hard just for that. For it all to end without it being achieved – that is the one thing that I cannot accept.

「I shall now make preparations to go lock the key. Most likely, the more keys that can be locked, the better our chances that we can prevent the collapse of the System.」

「In other words, you want me follow you as well?」

I shake my head in response to Shurein-sama’s words.

「That would be ideal. However, this is not a matter that should be decided lightly. Most likely, it will require strong intent from the individual to lock the key. So if Shurein-sama does not desire it, the key will likely not respond.」

Of course I have no confirmation of this. However, I had a hunch that the key would not lock without resolute determination.

「Therefore, whether you come together with me or not rests upon your judgement, Shurein-sama.」

Upon hearing my words, Shurein-sama hung his head. He suddenly became involved in the fate of the world. It is not possible to answer that immediately. Or rather, I do not want you to give an answer without thinking it through. The fate of this world is not something so light that a snap judgement can be made about it.

「I am sure you will not come to a conclusion right away. My preparations will not be done soon either. In the meantime, I want you to gather your thoughts. However, please consider that you have at most a few days to decide.」

While I do not want you to give me an answer right away, I also cannot give you that much time to worry over it. At this very moment, Black Dragon-sama is fighting for us after all.

「We will head for the lowest layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. Specifically the innermost place. The area where the Goddess is sealed away.」

Whatever answer Shurein-sama gives, that area will become the final battleground.

Translation notes:

Reminder that the pope uses a very humble and dignified tone at all times. The various ancient dragons each have their own little speaking quirks but all use older forms of Japanese. It’s not really possible to get the nuance across – or rather, I don’t have the skills to do so without it being heavy-handed. Essentially, if they read a bit weird it’s likely intentional.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36.4: S36 The Last Two Options 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Who can you believe?

Author’s comments: Tagawa Kunihiko’s point of view

「……In short, according to Wakaba-san, she’s going to destroy this “System” thing that was designed to prevent the collapse of this world. And, once it’s destroyed then half of humanity will die.」

In response to my summarisation, Asaka silently nods her head. Unintentionally, I start to scratch my head. To be honest… even though I said that myself, it doesn’t feel real at all. Earlier on even, with the explanation I heard directly from Wakaba-san, I was totally at my wits end trying to sort that out in my head. With these further bombs tossed in, I’m like totally capacity overloaded……

「……What should we do?」

「Even if you ask what should we do, is there like even anything we can do?」

The scale of the situation is so damn big – I can’t even imagine what to do. There’s not much difference between this and “tomorrow a giant meteorite will fall and destroy the world” I guess…? Would it be okay to ride up a spaceship and excavate the meteorite like in *rmageddon? Wait, there’s no meteorites in this situation! Oh crap, I’m so confused that I don’t know what I’m saying anymore……

「Do you want to do something?」

「……It’s a difficult problem eh.」

Some god that I’ve never even seen or heard from, er, actually, I guess I heard those Divine Words huh…. Wait, never mind that. Anyway! If you asked me whether I wanted to save some god I’d never even met, I’d say I don’t really care. With regards to what Wakaba-san apparently wrote in that book she left behind, then sure, given the situation that Goddess is in, then the reason why that person called the Demon King wants to save the Goddess makes sense – I get that. If it’s humanity who are responsible for the collapse of the world, then sure enough Wakaba-san and co would be justified, right. But still, losing half of humanity is going too far, right…? On top of that, the people who are most likely to die are those with lots of skills, yeah? Meaning, all my adventurer buddies are going to die then, right…?

「I believe that Wakaba-san and co are correct. I believe that, but… there’s no way I can go “Oh is that so” when I hear that my acquaintances are going to die, right…」

「……Indeed.」

I’m not sure if it’s really right to say this though but fortunately, due to Wakaba-san’s consideration, it seems we reincarnators don’t have to worry about dying. In which case, I guess this doesn’t have much to do with those who were confined in this elf village, never had much to do with the outside world and never had any outside acquaintances. No, if humanity is going to be reduced by half then wouldn’t they still get involved with the reconstruction or whatever afterwards? I can’t really picture humanity being halved though, so I don’t really know what would happen afterwards. Or rather, couldn’t this “System” thing that rules over skills and status do something about that? Even if it’s just us humans returning to basically the sort of ordinary people we were before reincarnating that’s one thing, but what about monsters and stuff? If the monsters become weak too that would be fine, but if not then how are we supposed to fight them?

Argh! I dunno what to do! Or rather, there’s so many things to think about that I can’t think properly. Seriously, what should I do!? Unintentionally I sat down while holding my head.

「……But like, hey, how much of that is actually true?」

「Huh?」

When I turned my head to the person who spoke, there was Shinohara reclined on a chair with a self-important attitude. All the reincarnators were gathered here, apart from Hasebe who was laid up in bed, and Shun and Kanata who seem to have gone somewhere. After gathering everyone’s attention, Shinohara then continued to speak.

「I’m referring to what was written in that book and like, what we’ve been talking about since earlier. Surely there’s no way for us to confirm the authenticity of all of it. So wouldn’t we be unable to tell if any lies were included?」

「……Now that you mention it, that’s right.」

We might have been overawed with Wakaba-san’s presence, simply accepting whatever we were being told, but I guess we can’t tell whether that’s the truth or something else. It’s entirely plausible that it could be lies.

「Shino – how was it where you were?」

Shinohara now questions Kusama Shinobu. Kusama is a spy of the Divine Word Religion, so knows more than anyone here about how things are on their end. Ogi might know things as well since he’s also a spy, but Ogi entered this elf village undercover many years ago for a start, so in terms of firsthand information Kusama probably has a lot more.

「Eh? I dunno.」

「Hey? Are you messing with me?」

In response to Kusama’s boneheaded reply, Shinohara glares at him like she’s about to snap.

「Eek!? I’m not messing about! Totally! Okay!」

Despite the fact that in terms of status values Kusama should be way higher, he’s too much of a fucking coward to stand up for himself. Even after being reborn this guy is either a natural born gofer or has the mentality of an underling I guess……

「I never heard such detailed stuff! Totally! Okay!」

「Really? You’re not lying?」

「I’m not lying! Right, Ogi!?」

「Don’t get me involved in this!」

「OOGGIII? Well?」

「Ah, yes. He’s not lying. Definitely.」

You too huh, Ogi… Well, Shinohara’s intimidation is badass enough without having the skill, so it can’t be helped I guess?

「What we know about is only as far as the annihilation of the elves. We seriously have no idea about things after that. We vaguely know about the world being screwed, but we never heard any particular details about that.」

「…… So the world being screwed is actually true huh?」

If that part is true, then maybe that gives everything else a degree of authenticity……

「Sigh. So in the end just how much is true?」

「It’s all true.」

That’s a voice I’ve not heard before. That’s when I first noticed that the door was open, and that people were entering. Ah… in my confusion I didn’t even notice them. Dude, you’ve gotten way too careless. Following in behind a girl I didn’t recognise was Negishi, Kyouya and finally someone with whom Asaka and I have a particularly strong connection – Merazofis.

「Hi there. I’m meeting most of you for the first time huh. My name is Ariel. I’m the Demon King.」

On hearing her words, I stood up immediately. To my side, Asaka also suddenly became tense.

「Now, now. Stay calm. I have no intention of causing any harm. Shiro-chan, or I guess it would be easier for you to understand if I said Wakaba-chan instead. So Wakaba-chan is a bit tied up at the moment. So I’ve come to give a supplementary explanation.」

Saying that the Demon King casually smiled. Going by her appearance and attitude, you’d never have believed her to be the Demon King unless told so otherwise. However, she is accompanied by that Wakaba-san, and also Negishi and Kyouya, and also Merazofis. She couldn’t be any ordinary person. Still… she looks really weak. But, I better not be fooled by appearances I guess.

「Well, I just want you to listen to my explanation, then make a decision. Namely, which side are you on.」

Then, the Demon King put a decision before us.

Author’s note: Please think of Shinohara-san in the web novel as being born differently and being almost an entirely different person to the one in the published edition.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36.5: S36 The Last Two Options 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The man with no plan.

Author’s comments: Balto’s point of view

「Just what the heck is happening…」

I was hanging my head in the conference room. At a time when the Demon King is off on an expedition, an unprecedented situation has occurred. It’s enough to make you hang your head.

「No point in asking us that though?」

Sanatoria might seem fed up with my attitude, yet she leaks out a sigh expressing an underlying bewilderment, and shrugs her shoulders. There are commanders other than Sanatoria gathered here. That being said, there are also many commanders who died in the previous great war or are accompanying the Demon King on the expedition. Including me, there are just four people here. Sanatoria, the commander of the 2nd Demon King Army. Kogou, the commander of the 3rd Demon King Army. Darado, the commander of the 5th Demon King Army. And I am the fourth person.

The topic for discussion is naturally the words we suddenly heard referring to a World Quest. Either attack or cooperate with the Evil God – what does that mean? In the first place, what is a World Quest? I don’t believe such a thing has ever happened during the long history of the demon race.

「…I’d like to hear everyone’s opinion.」

Even while hanging my head, I somehow managed to wring that out.

「Our opinions on what though? There’s way too little information. It feels like we won’t be able to make heads or tails of it anyway, and even if we do discuss it we probably won’t get any answers.」

Sanatoria states a quite natural opinion. She’s exactly right.

『A World Quest is issued: Will you obstruct or will you support the plan of the Evil God who is scheming to sacrifice humanity in order to avert the destruction of the world?』

We suddenly heard a voice saying that, but to be honest I don’t know what any of it means. As best we can determine, it seems that all of the demons heard this. Of course we haven’t been able to get testimonies from all demons, so it’s possible that this phenomenon was limited to those in the Demon King’s Castle. While the demons have heard it, it’s also plausible that the humans have not. However, that is not something that can be investigated right now. Even if that had been investigated, I don’t get the feeling that we would have been able to make any progress though.

More importantly, just who is this Evil God? Even if we wanted to obstruct or support this being, how would we achieve that? From those words alone there’s absolutely no way to tell. Since nothing makes any sense I don’t have the faintest idea how to determine the right approach. Perhaps the Demon King might know, but…. For such an event to occur while the Demon King is absent, it’s the worst possible timing.

「Even if we don’t understand, we still must do something anyway. The people are confused.」

Even for me it’s incomprehensible. It’s also incomprehensible to the general population, so they’re bewildered. No small number of them are fearful. That’s because the contents of this World Quest thing are nothing but disturbing. Just when the great war was finally over, this happened. In the worst case, if their fear causes their everyday pent-up anger to explode, it could cause a riot. There was already a strong backlash against the government due to the forced conscription and subsequent war. That could be contained only due to the absolute terror that the Demon King held over them. With the Demon King now absent, they’re capable of exploding at any provocation. In order to prevent that, one way or another we the government must make some kind of announcement regarding this World Quest.

「Saying that though, even we don’t understand anything, right? We can’t just say something perfunctory either, surely. But the last thing we should do is be honest to a fault and say “We don’t have a clue”, right?」

「……That’s true.」

That could be the very trigger for the explosion. It’s practically saying that the government is incompetent. However, since we don’t understand this in practice, that might actually be correct.

「……Kogou, do you have anything to add?」

「Eh!? Umm… sorry. This is too difficult for me……」

I didn’t expect otherwise, but it’s unsurprising that it seems that Kogou doesn’t have any bright ideas.

「What about you Darado?」

「Hmm. During normal times one would turn to the Demon King for guidance, but that’s not an option I guess.」

Darado ponders with his arms crossed. Dorado might be a Demon King supremacist, but putting that to the side he is excellent in both literary and military arts. It seems even Darado can’t come up with anything immediately. The same could be said about me though……

「However, as you have said, Balto-dono, to do nothing is unacceptable. For the time being, the only choice is to make an official proclamation that it is currently under investigation, using clear and unambiguous words that will not cause any panic.」

「……I guess that’s the most realistic option.」

It’s merely a stalling tactic, but it does allow us to show that we are doing an investigation. I doubt that will shut down all the discontent, but it should be effective to a certain extent I’m sure.

「How about increasing the number patrols in the city, as well as going on a state of high alert?」

「But, if you increase the number of soldiers and patrols by too much, wouldn’t that itself become a provocation?」

「That’s true as well…. Well, let’s have soldiers visit every household under the pretext of a fact-finding mission. We must at least confirm that everybody has heard those words.」

「For sure. That way we can also naturally spread soldiers across the city.」

「Yeah. While they’re at it they can also report that an investigation is underway.」

Thanks to the proposal given by Darado, we’re able come up with a plan of action for now. It won’t be a fundamental solution, but it should be enough to restrain the chaos in the city for now.

「For carrying it out, can the 2nd Army handle it?」

「Sure.」

「That should be enough for this region, but what about the other cities?」

「I would like to deal with that as soon as possible, but right now we are lacking in manpower. I guess all we can do is send a fast messenger by horse to each city.」

「I see. Then leave that undertaking to the 5th Army.」

「Thank you.」

In quick succession the decisions are made. Before the meeting started I didn’t have the slightest idea about what to do, but I guess a preliminary path has been chosen. Though… there’s approximately one person who has been reduced to a figurehead who just sits around.

「The problem is, we fundamentally don’t understand anything about this World Quest thing.」

「That’s true.」

Possibly, that was a divine revelation. In which case, the importance would be immeasurable. We can’t just neglect it because we don’t understand anything, surely.

「Sigh. What is to be done…?」

I unintentionally sighed while grumbling out loud. That’s when it happened.

『World Quest, sequence 1. Triggering the installation of Taboo on all of humanity.』

「……What!? Ahh! GAAAHHH!?」

Once again, those words could suddenly be heard. Before I could understand their meaning, I was assailed by a headache, falling prostrate on the desk. Immediately after, being unable to withstand the awful sensation that boiling water was pouring into my head, I lost consciousness.

The benevolent god who kindly imparts the truth to those who know nothing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s36.6: S36 The Last Two Options 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Author’s comments: Wrath’s (Kyouya’s) point of view

The Divine Words were heard. Apparently, Taboo is being installed into all the humans in this world.

「Yeesh… Argh…. Okay…」

Ariel-san mutters that sounding perplexed, or maybe sullen. The reincarnators were in the middle of a discussion, and while the timing for when to push our way in was our choice, it’s now no longer a situation in which a discussion is possible. The reincarnators are now in a miserable situation – crouched down while clutching their heads or already fainted.

「Uguu!」

And then, on the opposite side of Ariel-san to me, Sophia-san is writhing around on the floor clutching her head. Not in the least bit refined. Humans are said to show their true colours when trapped. In which case, this figure of Sophia-san writhing around is… no, let’s not say any more.

Even Merazofis-san, who would normally run over to the suffering Sophia-san immediately, is slumped against the wall with his hand to his head. Felmina-san can’t be seen anywhere. Maybe she’s hiding because she doesn’t want her suffering form to be seen. Anyway, it seems that the only two people here who are fine are myself and Ariel-san, who already had Taboo at the maximum level.

Talking of Ariel-san, she’s just standing still with a blank expression. That expression feels like it perfectly suits the phrase “fed up”. First she’d become significantly weakened due to the battle with Potimas, then forcing her body to move, she came all this way here enthusiastically only to face this disaster scene. It can’t be helped that she has such an expression. It’s like, she can’t endure it any longer…

However, I can’t just ignore the situation.

「I guess my subordinates and Shiro-san’s are useless huh.」

Felmina-san has vanished for a start, and Shiro-san’s subordinates are probably wiped out. In the first place there’s hardly any people who have Taboo at the maximum level. Unless you do something really major it’s a difficult enough skill to simply acquire, so bringing it all the way to the maximum level can’t be done with ordinary means. Since even Sophia-san and Merazofis-san do not have Taboo at maximum, probably the only ones left in this elf village who are okay are Ariel-san and I alone. Also, there’s no way I can ask a weakened Ariel-san to take care of everyone. In other words, I guess it means that I have to take care of all these people by myself……

「I’ll just have to do it.」

Shun got Taboo to maximum during the battle with the elves, so if I consider that he was unconscious the whole time until the battle was over, then that probably means that everyone will be bedridden for about a day. There’s no way I can just leave them lying on the floor for a start, so at a minimum I’ll have to carry them to their beds.

「Ariel-san, please return. I’ll do something about this.」

「Ah, yeah, indeed. But before that – Ael!」

Ariel-san yells out at empty air. The next moment, a girl in maid clothes appeared near to the door. It seems that the girl is a member of Ariel-san’s family. It seems that while she was ordered to assassinate the pope of the Divine Word Religion, she failed in the end. She was able to escape from danger as Ariel-san summoned her and she was evacuated here. Her maid clothes are burnt in places, which seems to have been done by an ancient fire dragon that was guarding the pope.

「Ael, assist Wrath-kun.」

Nodding silently, Ael-san obeys Ariel-san’s orders. To be frank, that’s a big help. I was thinking that it sure was going to be a horrible amount of work dealing with this disaster by myself.

「Best regards.」

Ael-san nods, still mute. The reason why she is okay is obviously not because she already had Taboo at maximum, but because she doesn’t fit the definition of “humanity”. She is part of Ariel-san’s family, produced by Ariel-san using the Spawning skill, a monster known as a Puppet Taratekt. Her appearance is like that of a human girl, but is actually a doll underneath. Her true body is a small spider monster, and apparently she manipulates that human-like doll from the inside using threads. Once I thought about that, I had a sudden realisation.

It’s possible for monsters to still be on the move during this time.

Perhaps it’s the case that within the two factions, the only two who can move normally are their respective heads – just Ariel-san and the pope. Because they’re almost the only two people with Taboo at maximum. The only others would be exceptions like me. Indeed, I am an exception. I don’t know if oni people like me are included in the human category or not in the end, but either way I can move like this because I had Taboo at maximum. But also, there will be exceptions in the pope’s faction! Exceptions like the ancient dragons who repulsed Ael-san! If it’s the case that they know about Ariel-san becoming weakened, with both factions having been paralised, would they overlook this perfect opportunity?

「Ariel-san, wait up!」

I called out to stop Ariel-san after she had turned to leave. Then, I explained my recent thoughts to her.

「…It’s certainly possible.」

「Yes. Therefore, please don’t get separated too far from me after all.」

「Got it.」

Right now, the only ones with combat ability here are just Ael-san and myself. Sophia-san kept writhing in pain and eventually struck her head on a corner of the door and then writhed in pain even more before losing consciousness. Merazofis-san has also fallen unconscious while leaning against the wall. All the reincarnators are unconscious.

「I don’t imagine that there would be an immediate attack, so for now let’s take those who collapsed and…」

As I was about to finish by saying to carry them to their beds, I felt the presence of something coming closer at high speed. The presence is coming straight from the north in a straight line towards our location. Fast. Scarily fast!

「It seems that our fear was warranted.」

With that speed, it can’t be a normal dragon. At the very least, the speed is above that of mine without Wrath activated!

「Ariel-san, stay back. Ael-san, please take care of Ariel-san.」

Saying so I rush out. If I fight someone this strong, I can’t imagine that the surroundings would be left unscathed. Since everyone is sleeping here, I must begin the fight as far away as possible. Initially, I was afraid of the worst case scenario that they could just ignore me and plunge on towards where Ariel-san is, but instead they stopped in front of me.

『Oi, oi, oi! This isn’t what I heard! Why’s there a dangerous looking guy here who’s all lively!?』

『As if I would know. Either way, kill him and there’s no problem.』

One is a large dragon looking like a Pteranodon. The other is a smaller dragon, with a lithe body like a leopard though with wings growing from it. The strength I feel from both of them is far from ordinary.

『I guess that’s true!』

『Right? Go me – I’m so smart!』

Though their brains seem rather… Well, their physical strength should be the real deal at least.

I stand with two swords at the ready. This battle seems likely to be far harder than nursing those who had collapsed.

Translation notes:

That expression feels like it perfectly suits the phrase “fed up” – the literal meaning here is that Ariel’s expression perfectly suits the スンッ (“sun”) onomatopoeia. This doesn’t really translate but refers to a coldhearted and detached attitude, though possibly being concerned on the inside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s37: S37 Skirmish – Oni vs Wind and Lightning 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A glass cannon dragon… is still a dragon.

『Drop dead!』

The body of the leopard-like dragon glows, and a crackling sound reverberates threateningly. I immediately swing one of the swords held in my hands, releasing the energy in the magic sword imbued with the power of lightning. At the same time my sword reaches the end of its swing, I shoot that energy!

The next instant, thunder rang.

A roaring sound that deafens the ears. A flash of light that blinds the eyes. And, a hot wind surges that seems to burn skin.

『Hah-haha! I bet not even a fragment will be left!』

While my ears are still ringing, I could hear the voice of the leopard dragon who believes that he’s won.

『My eyes! My eyes!?』

I could hear the other dragon screaming in agony. It seems that the flash of light just now blinded him. I guess it means dragons can be dazzled as well. I break into a run while performing such analysis. The leopard dragon who fired the attack believes it’s all over, and has become careless. The other dragon has shut his eyes and can’t move properly. There’s no way I can miss this opportunity.

I grip the lightning sword in my mouth, and take out four throwing knives from Space Storage using my free hand. They look like small knives, but they are swords with the added property of exploding on contact. Even if they’re small, their destructiveness is plenty. I throw the knives while running. From the perspective of the dragon who was caught completely off guard, it would likely feel like these knives suddenly came flying out of the dust cloud that had been kicked up from his previous attack.

『Woah!?』

The leopard dragon screams and there’s the sound of an explosion. However, that scream didn’t seem to be one of pain, but rather of strong surprise. In other words, he was shocked but didn’t take damage. However, that was also within my expectations. Parting through the dust cloud I jump out. With a swing of the sword in my other hand, the magic sword imbued with the power of fire is already wrapped in flames. I grip it tightly in both hands, and swing it towards the leopard dragon.

『Owahh!?』

The leopard dragon reflexively bends backwards. However, while that reaction would normally be called a mistake, the leopard dragon was able to accurately fire the lightning coiled around him towards me.

「Ugh!」

Pointing the lightning sword in my mouth up at the sky, it gets used as a substitute lightning rod. The lightning heading towards me was sucked up by the lightning sword, and once again flashed with light. The shock from the lightning sword in my mouth runs through my teeth and into my chin. While literally struggling to clench my teeth, I make another swing with my fire sword towards my opponent. However, by that time the leopard dragon had already escaped from the range of my sword.

『D, dangerous!』

The leopard dragon sounds panicked. In the time it took me to take a single step, the leopard dragon moved back about 10 meters. As I expected, his speed is much greater than mine. In addition, the exchange just now convinced me that this guy is a Lightning Dragon who rules over lightning.

How troublesome…… In my mind, I click my tongue.

Lightning Dragons. While dragons of all attributes are troublesome, in my opinion the two most troublesome are lightning and darkness. The number of Darkness Dragons is particularly small, so fortunately you’d almost never encounter one in practice. However, Lightning Dragons are different. There are about as many of them as with other attributes. Worst of all, Lightning Dragons have a weak sense of territory, frequently showing up suddenly where people live. Most likely, the species of dragon that gets into the most fights with people and demons, are Lightning Dragons.

They have a plain and simple style. Attack using lightning, and utilising their physique for close range battle. That’s all. However, precisely because it is plain and simple, they can maximise their potential. What’s most troublesome, is their lightning based attacks. Humans cannot react to the speed of lightning. You could say that dodging is practically impossible. Yet it’s powerful. It will turn anyone with lackluster defensive strength into charcoal with a single blast. So dodging or withstanding the attacks is difficult. While they burn through their MP quickly as a result, you’re going to be killed before they run out of MP. To go up against a Lightning Dragon, the minimum requirement is to be able to withstand the lightning attack.

I more or less meet that requirement. My specialised attributes are lightning and fire. Due to that, I’ve often made lightning magic swords, and so also gained lightning resistance. Like I did earlier, with a magic sword of the same attribute you can also withstand the attacks since they cancel each other out. However, being able to withstand the attack, is no more than the minimum requirement. Without that you can’t even stand on the battlefield. In other words, I’ve not been able to do anything except survive on the same battlefield. Whether I can win or not, I don’t know.

The greatest feature that Lightning Dragons have is their lightning strike which is difficult to avoid or withstand. After that, the next most important is their agility. Lightning Dragons have particularly high speed status values, so their special strategy is to use their agility to confuse the enemy then hit them with a lightning strike. Also, their physical offensive ability and their magical offensive ability values are high. On the other hand, their physical defensive ability and magical defensive ability are the lowest amongst all dragons. Although they possess the dragon scales skill that all dragons do, because they are a species that almost never receives attacks, the skill is often at level 1. In other words, they are completely specialised for attack.

While I am somewhat irregular, I could also be said to be specialised for attack. I don’t have any defensive abilities that are worthy of mention. In terms of status values, while you could say that I am a balanced type, my skills are completely focused towards attacking. In other words, this battle is a clash between attack specialises. My magic swords versus the leopard dragon’s lightning attacks. Whoever comes out ahead will probably be decided by whoever lands an effective strike first. That’s probably the type of battle it will be. At least… if this was a one-on-one battle with me and the leopard dragon.

『Finally I can see again. My eyes are still fucking stinging though.』

The Pteranodon-like dragon is shaking his head.

『Hey you fucking retard, why are you so relaxed!? This guy fucking withstood my Spark, hey! He’s bad news!』 『You asshole! Just who’s fault do you think it is that my eyes are stinging!』 『Never mind that and fucking help me already!』 『Ah, sure.』

The two dragons square off against me cautiously. Based on their exchange just now, the leopard dragon might have a higher position than the Pteranodon-like dragon, but given how casually they are interacting they’re probably almost at the same rank. Most likely they’ll both attack cautiously from now on. It was a massive failure for me to have not even wounded them earlier during the perfect opportunity when they were still being careless. However, it’s too soon to be pessimistic. They might be uninjured, but I’m also uninjured. The battle is only just getting started. With sweat running over my hands, I take a stance again with my magic swords, also squaring off against them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s37.2: S37 Skirmish – Oni vs Wind and Lightning 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Thunderbolts and lightning, very very frightening.

Taking swords from my Space Storage, I fire them directly using the Shoot skill. While the Shoot skill does consume MP, the amount is insignificant. Simply taking something out that you put into Space Storage consumes almost no MP. And while it may require a large amount of MP to create a magic sword, using one consumes nothing. In short, the amount of MP consumed by this volley of attacks is small enough that automatic recovery will replenish it instantly. Despite that, the destructive power of the magic swords when they explode is proportional to the amount of MP consumed when they are made. While magic swords have the demerit that they must be created in advance, their merit of consuming almost no MP during combat is enough to overturn it.

However, that’s all meaningless unless they’re effective against your opponents.

The swords are shot at high speed, but before they can connect the lightning surrounding the leopard dragon repels them, causing them to explode. The magic swords are being fired one after another without pause, but they’re all either being shot down like this, or alternatively they’re being avoided. It seems that the leopard dragon always has lightning coiled around his body. Then, during an attack it automatically intercepts. Thanks to that I also can’t close in without taking stupid risks. The moment you approach, the lightning would attack you. It’s an annoying ability that gives both offense and defense.

『Grr!』

On top of that, the leopard dragon himself keeps lunging at me with his fangs like this. I shoot flames from my fire sword, using the distracting to stop him. I use that opportunity to significantly open up the distance between us. Yet even that isn’t enough, and the lightning around him attacks me. I strike that using the lightning sword in the opposite hand to my fire sword. Since the lightning sword is of the same attribute, it is possible to cancel out the lightning strike. However, that’s my limit. I’m not able to force him back in this situation. Defence is taking everything I have, so I’m not able to counterattack.

Both firing my magic swords and the flames from my fire sword are thwarted by the lightning surrounding him every time. It’s more like, all this is achieving is reducing the scope of the leopard dragon’s attacks, and the current balance is just about being maintained. While we were both still uninjured, it’s clear that I was in the worse position.

In addition, I’m concerned about the movements of the other dragon. The Pteranodon-like dragon has flown up into the sky. High enough that it’s difficult to follow him by eye. He seemed to be up to something there, but I had my hands full dealing with the leopard dragon so I couldn’t follow him closely. I’m well aware that leaving him alone is not a good idea, but there’s nothing I can do.

My range of options seems large, but is actually quite limited. While my magic swords can have all sorts of tricks, against higher rank opponents the only useful abilities my magic swords have are explosively self-destructing, fire and lightning – just those three. Close range combat with my fire and lightning magic swords. And, firing a large quantity of explosive swords to oppress the enemy. Those two methods comprise my basic combat tactics. Compared to Shiro-san, Ariel-san and Sophia-san with their wide variety of attacks, my way of fighting is fixated on a brute force approach. Precisely because of that, it’s tough to face opponents with similar tactics. But well, it’s not like I literally have nothing left.

Three, two, one! Acting as if dodging the opponent’s attacks was taking everything I had, I lured him to a certain point. I barely had to act as I was virtually having to dodge with everything I had anyway, so I’ll probably deceive him. Then, the moment the leopard dragon steps on that location, it’s triggered. The ground underneath the leopard dragon explodes.

『Gyaah!?』

The leopard dragon screams in pain. The landmine sword. A variant of the explosive sword, as its name implies, it’s a magic sword that is buried underground and causes an explosion the moment an enemy steps upon it. The lightning surrounding the leopard dragon doesn’t cover the feet. So the underground landmine sword can’t be induced to explode, and probably can’t even be detected in the first place. Against a completely unnoticed attack, without doubt even the automatic interception of the surrounding lightning wouldn’t activate. In the first place, the automatic interception wouldn’t do anything against an explosion from underground even if it was activated.

The automatic interception from the surrounding lightning was extremely effective. Even my flames, something with no real form, could be shot down so it’s likely that only something with more power than the surrounding lightning could break through it. But, that’s only for things that the surrounding lightning can intercept. Instead you can just deliver an attack directly upon the leopard dragon. Using my array of magic swords to distract the leopard dragon for an instant, I set up landmine swords under the ground.

The leopard dragon retreats while trailing one of its legs. The front right leg which stepped on the landmine sword was injured. To not miss this chance I go on an all-out assault. I take out a large amount of explosive swords from my Space Storage and fire them! On top of that, I myself rushed towards the leopard dragon too.

『Nuh, GAHH!!』

However, the leopard dragon howls at an extremely loud volume, and its whole body then radiates such strong light that it could burn the eyes. When I stop instantly, he ignores the pain in his leg and leaps backwards. Fortunately I had thought to hold out the lightning sword in front of me. An impact strong enough to numb my arm was transmitted through the lightning sword, but that’s all the damage I took. Truly that is the embodiment of lightning. If I had gotten any closer, I might have been turned into charcoal.

『That hurts! Ah dammit! That really hurts you know!』

The enraged leopard dragon simply seemed to say whatever was on his mind. The leopard dragon flaps his wings, and rises up into the air. Well that sucks. Now, my landmine swords won’t be effective. That being said, his leg is still injured. It seems he either doesn’t have recovery magic or automatic HP recovery skills, or he has them but at a low level. I would like to think that this has reduced some of his mobility, but what happens now that he’s taken to the air? I had thought I’d gained an advantage, but it’s still too early to tell.

I stay on alert and glare at the leopard dragon. At that moment, I suddenly notice that the surroundings have gotten darker. I can’t confirm it as I can’t afford to take my eyes off the leopard dragon, but did the sun go behind clouds? However, it was a sunny day without a single cloud just earlier. I feel that this is not something I can afford to ignore.

As if to confirm my premonition, rain suddenly falls on my face. The rain quickly strengthens, becoming a cloudburst in an instant. I could even hear thunder on top of that.

『Geez! You took way too long!』

The leopard dragon mutters that complaint while looking up at the sky.

『Hey! Is that any way to put it when I’ve been working so hard!?』

That voice replied to the leopard dragon. It was the Pteranodon type dragon as he came swooping down. So this rain was caused by that dragon then huh!

『An underling should work themselves to the bone for the sake of their seniors, right!?』『Who’s an underling!?』『You, who else!?』『Hey, aren’t I the senior one in terms of physique!?』 『Hah!』 『Did you just scorn me!?』 『Don’t nitpick over every little thing! You sissy!』 『Ah, right.』

Although the leopard dragon is injured, he’s regained his composure. There’s no way this rain was done just to put on a show. The situation is bad. In the worst case, I might have to use Wrath……

Author’s note: Tomorrow, or you could even say today, the anime broadcast starts. I’ll put up a report of my impressions of the anime afterwards, so please let me know your impressions of the anime.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s37.4: S37 Skirmish – Oni vs Wind and Lightning 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Don’t underestimate stupidity.

Wind lashes at me. When I was slammed onto the ground, I somehow managed to get back up against the force that seems to be trying to crush me. Blood is flowing from my forehead. It’s clear and simple as to what did me in. I was dropped by just a bullet of wind. Just that. Just that one attack, and I was knocked onto the ground.

I underestimated the power of the wind. An invisible bullet of air. To think something like that would be so annoying. Furthermore, the violently blowing wind takes away my ability to move, and because the air around us is constantly flowing, it becomes even harder to sense where the bullets of wind are coming from. I’d been so focused on the showy lightning strikes, that I hadn’t noticed the real value of the wind the Pteranodon dragon controlled. This wind-swept landscape is the Pteranodon dragon’s hunting ground.

The wind sweeps around. Due to the strong wind, it’s becoming difficult to keep my eyes open. If anything, it’s also becoming difficult to breathe. It’s like I have a plastic bag pressed against my face. No matter how high my status values might be, I’m still a living creature who breathes. If this situation where I’m unable to breathe properly continues, it’s obvious that I’ll become oxygen deficient. It’s not like I can’t breathe at all, but as to whether I could move about at my maximum strength, I’d be forced to concede that it would be difficult.

Focus your mind! Incoming! An air bullet flies in towards me. Just about, I manage to avoid it by a hair. However, dodging was my absolute limit. Even if I could dodge the bullet itself, it puts me in a weak stance that makes it impossible to oppose the fiercely blowing wind, and my body is captured by the wind. In addition, unlike earlier, there’s no way that they would let me be blown away and do nothing.

『Hyahoo!』

「Gahah!?」

Waiting for me in the place I was being blown towards was the leopard dragon. His claws tear into me relentlessly. I grit my teeth against the pain, taking a firm grip on my fire sword. The leopard dragon completes his swing with his claws, and turning to face this guy who seems to somehow have an expression indicating joy, I drive my fire sword towards him in a counterattack.

But, suddenly my body is pulled up into the sky, as if the wind which suddenly blew again was manipulating me. Then, I immediately drop. From high to low. A gust of wind smashes me down into the ground. The impact strikes upon me so strongly that for a moment I have a delusion that my body was smashed into pieces.

So strong. To think I’d be so helpless……

I guess there are times when everything is against you. My greatest speciality is close range combat. I’m not being allowed to use it. In addition, it’s also impossible to use my magic swords to bombard them due to the wind. My landmine swords aren’t useful against one flying up in the sky. However, even beyond that, the Pteranodon dragon’s fighting technique is too skilled. There’s nothing I can do to simply avoid being toyed with by him. Perhaps, if I was facing the leopard dragon alone I’d probably win. However, I’m not sure whether I could win against the Pteranodon dragon one-on-one. At the least, if I didn’t have a trump card I believe I’d have little hope in winning.

『Hah hah! This is the end!』

The leopard dragon leaps towards me after I had fallen. This is not the time… to worry about trivial stuff huh. Wrath – activate.

「GAAHHHH!」

At the same time as activating Wrath, I howl. I’m bursting with power. Using that power to forcibly tear through the restraints of the wind, I stand up.

While leaping towards me, a surprised expression shows on the leopard dragon. I relentlessly drive my fire sword at that face.

『Nugahh!?』

The leopard dragon nimbly avoided my strike by twisting in the air. But, he wasn’t able to completely avoid it, and a rear leg was cut off at the trunk. With the momentum he had carried with his jump, the leopard dragon tumbles onto the ground while scattering blood spray. I want to finish him off immediately, but I’m going to deal with that Pteranodon dragon first!

I activate Space Maneuver, creating footholds in the air to approach the Pteranodon dragon up in the sky. Since I have now activated Wrath, I can overcome the raging wind with just a single step, and close in towards the Pteranodon dragon.

『Woah! You intend to challenge ME to an air battle huh!? You’re on!』

The Pteranodon dragon whirls through the sky. Although his movements already looked highly refined, that speed now is unreal. He’s flying through the sky so fast that he can even cause wind to blow in his wake. However.

『Seriously!?』

My speed with Wrath activated is 99,999. That speed that would likely have been overwhelming for me without Wrath, is now ineffective against me. I clad the fire sword in flames. Then, I swing it towards the Pteranodon dragon with the intent to bisect it.

『Damn!』

The Pteranodon dragon flips his body around. Simultaneously he fires a gust of wind and wind bullets. While Wrath is activated, my defensive abilities also hit the maximum value. Even if I’m hit by a wind bullet, it wouldn’t do much damage. However, that doesn’t mean it’s okay to take the impact though. Because of the gust of wind and air bullets, my aim was a little bit off. As a result, instead of bisecting the Pteranodon dragon like I had planned, I only so much as cut through a wing.

『Kahhh! Damn motherfucker!』

The Pteranodon dragon howls. The next moment, a lightning bolt hit me. For a moment, I thought it was the leopard dragon’s work, but it seems to have been the Pteranodon dragon’s work. So the Pteranodon dragon can also use lightning magic huh. There’s almost no damage. However, my eyes were dazzled for a moment. Then, just that one moment was enough for that dragon of extreme speed. Without paying any attention to me, the Pteranodon dragon flew towards the leopard dragon sprawled on the ground. Then, he used his hind feet to grab that body, and retreated without paying attention to anything else.

I watched them leave. There wasn’t anything else I could do.

「Ugh……!」

My vision is starting to go completely red. I force that down, and a moment later Wrath is deactivated.

「Pant…… Pant……」

Because I had trained up my Heresy Resistance skill, I have become able to suppress to some extent the demerit of Wrath – namely that your sense of reason gets swallowed in the rage. But, only to some extent. It seems that it’s not so easy to cancel out the demerit of a Seven Deadly Sins skill. My Heresy Resistance has reached Heresy Nullity, but it wasn’t enough to negate Wrath. It seems that this was unexpected for Shiro-san as well, and she was surprised. She explained that most likely, Wrath was configured to be not subject to Heresy Nullity. The duration I can activate Wrath for without losing my sanity, is a very short amount of time. Also, if I get swallowed up by Wrath next time, there’s no guarantee that I can return.

That’s why I was in a rush to conclude it. The reason why I didn’t finish off the leopard dragon, and prioritised defeating the Pteranodon dragon is because of that. However, in the end both of them got away. After all, maybe I should have forced myself harder and finished off the leopard dragon? …No. This doesn’t change the fact that I let them get away. At any rate, I succeeded in driving them back. Let’s be satisfied with that.

To be honest, with those two dragons, if one of them had headed towards Ariel-san, leaving the other behind to stop me, it could have been bad. I guess the reason why they didn’t do that, is that those dragons have their own sort of pride. They must have been taking action based on their own convictions. Thinking about that makes me depressed, but the situation has already begun to move. Let’s make sure to do everything that I can…… and I guess I could start by healing my tattered body.

Panther dragon:『We could have done that!?』

Pteranodon dragon:『Eh…』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38: S38 Decision Time 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Taboo is the new Groundhog Day, and everyone’s invited.

Author’s comments: Sophia’s point of view

「Ahh. What an awful waking scene.」

The light of the sun is shining so brightly through the windows that it is detestable. I would not normally mind, but in my current state the sunlight feels hateful somehow. With the effects of my True Ancestor title sunlight should have no effect on me, yet I am still a vampire, so perhaps I just don’t particularly like sunlight. Until now, it has not been something that particularly bothered me, so perhaps the mental effects are large.

「Ojou-sama, have you awoken?」

From outside the room, I heard Merazofis’s voice from the direction of the door. I guess this means that Merazofis woke earlier than I did. Of course I am not sleeping in late, it’s just that Merazofis is an early riser. That I can already hear a background noise and sense many people being awake… is surely just my imagination.

「I am awake. I shall go after getting prepared, so please go ahead of me.」

「Certainly. Everyone else is already present, so please hurry.」

I’ll prepare in five minutes… no, three minutes!

「I hope I didn’t keep you waiting.」

「Yeah. It’s an executive privilege.」

When I breezily arrived at the large room where everyone was gathered, the first thing out of Kyouya-kun’s mouth was a bunch of sarcasm. Upon looking at Kyouya-kun in irritation, I decided to swallow the complaints that I was about to utter. This was because Kyouya-kun was uncharacteristically tense.

「What happened?」

「Yesterday, after everyone collapsed, there was an enemy attack.」

「Eh!?」

No way! Was I totally sleeping like a log!?

「I just about managed to repulse them, but they got away without any being defeated.」

「Hmm-mm.」

I was about to say that it was pathetic of him to let them escape, but somehow I managed to swallow those words. I know just how strong Kyouya-kun is. So given that Kyouya-kun failed to capture them, that surely means that the opponents were also quite strong. Actually, given how tense Kyouya-kun is, perhaps it was quite a dangerous situation. Besides, since I had collapsed and was useless, it would be barking up the wrong tree to blame Kyouya-kun here wouldn’t it. Or rather, perhaps it would be better to view it as him protecting us…

「……I wish to express my appreciation just in case. Thank you.」

After I said that, Kyouya-kun’s eyes blinked in surprise.

「Hey, what’s with that response?」

「Well, to think you would actually thank someone, Sophia-san. Maybe this is a harbinger of something terrible happening today.」

「Just what do you take me for?」

「Haha.」

When I scowled at him a bit, Kyouya-kun laughed it off. Well, whatever. In consideration for his actions while I couldn’t move I shall let it go.

Now then, on looking around the place again…… is this a wake perhaps? Despite the fact that almost all the reincarnators are gathered, not a single person is speaking. It’s oddly silent. Well, it’s not like I don’t understand how they feel.

「Sophia-san, you seem to be dealing with it okay.」

「Indeed. It’s likely that Heresy Nullity is somewhat effective.」

In order to suppress the negative side effects of my Envy skill, together with Kyouya-kun I raised the Heresy Resistance skill level, and obtained Heresy Nullity. It’s surely thanks to it that I am less affected than other people. Affected by Taboo, that is.

「Still though, to think that Taboo would be handed out to all of humanity. Whoever god is they sure did something bold.」

The reason why I collapsed yesterday is because Taboo was forcibly installed. Whether it’s Faint Nullity or Sense of Pain Nullity, it pierced all resistances and caused a headache such that I lost consciousness. When I woke up I was on a bed.

「Ah, that’s right. Who carried me to bed?」

「Nn.」

Kyouya-kun pointed his finger at someone – a girl wearing maid clothes who was continuously working to bring out plates. If I remember correctly, she’s called Ael and one of Ariel-san’s family, right?

「She carried the girls. I carried the boys.」

「I see. I better thank her later then.」

Incidentally, I wonder what she’s carrying on those plates? When I looked out of curiosity, it was breakfast. Plates full of breakfast were being lined up on the tables, in front of the reincarnators who were hanging their heads.

「She did make breakfast as well?」

「Nope. Ariel-san did.」

「Huh?」

Ariel-san did? But, isn’t Ariel-san in bad shape right now?

「Hey hey. It’s time for a delicious breakfast.」

That same Ariel-san then arrived with a plate in hand.

「While I’m sure you’re feeling depressed about various things, humans need to eat to live. So why don’t we dig in?」

In response to Ariel-san’s words, the reincarnators raised their heads. Then, Ariel-san came to where we were, and took a seat at the same table. Without a moment’s delay, Ael brought over breakfast for Kyouya-kun and I.

「「Thank you.」」

Urk. I unintentionally said that together with Kyouya-kun. Ael silently bowed her head, then went outside.

「Ael is on guard while we’re eating.」

「Yeah. There’s no reason why there wouldn’t be another attack is there.」

「Exactly.」

I agree.

「Okay. Everyone has a serving, right? Then – itadakimasu.」

Ariel-san gives the address prior to eating. The reincarnators gave a sporadic “itadakimasu” as well, and a number of them began to eat. There’s a number of people who’ve not begun to move yet, but I’m sure they’ll start sooner or later. I ignore them and begin to eat.

「Ah, it’s good.」

「I made it just from what was available, so it’s hard to say that the quality is particularly good though. Outside being what it is and all.」

Outside a lot has been burnt down after all. In other words, it means that the ingredients used to make this breakfast just barely escaped the war huh. Or else, perhaps it came from the military rations that we brought? Either way, it would be hard to say that it’s good quality stuff. The reason why it’s quite delicious even so, is perhaps due to Ariel-san’s advanced cooking skills. That being said, there would be limits to the remaining food, so it seems we better leave here sooner rather than later.

「With regards to the future, what are we going to do?」

When I tried asking her that, Ariel-san put on a difficult expression while going into deep thought.

「Frankly, I can’t read how things are going to develop from now on. I guess you could say that I don’t know which direction to go in to be honest.」

Goodness, to think that this situation is unforeseen to such an extent. Well, I guess there’s no way that this would be within expectations from the start.

「For now, I’m having Merazofis-kun and Felmina-chan make preparations.」

Ahh. So that’s why they’re not here. At any rate……

「With regards to Taboo, can anything be done about it? It’s so gloomy that I can’t stand it.」

Every time your mind wanders onto what I guess you could call the Taboo menu, from there comes a thought constantly saying “Atone”. It’s depressing to think that this is going to continue forever.

「There’s nothing. I’ve had to deal with it the whole time as well.」

「Sigh……」

I expected it, but I couldn’t help breathing a sigh.

「However, if the System goes away, Taboo as well as all skills should go away.」

「That’s it!」

We’re planning to destroy the System anyway, so then we can be freed from this gloom! This means we have another reason to destroy the System then.

「……It’s too advantageous for us.」

「Eh?」

Ariel-san’s brow is furrowed while she ponders it. Certainly, by looking at the contents of Taboo, it is possible to understand in a consistent way that Ariel-san is trying to save the Goddess. Then, if knowledge spreads that destroying the System means the harassment from Taboo will go away, surely the number of people cooperating with us will increase. Even with Heresy Nullity and the suppression of Taboo’s influence I get from it, I still find it to be gloomy and all. Surely for anyone without Heresy Nullity it should be much more unpleasant. If you could be released from that suffering, then you wouldn’t be bothered about how it looks to others. Thinking about it that way, having Taboo installed on all of humanity is favourable to us.

「You have some kind of concern?」

Before I could ask that myself, Kyouya-kun asked Ariel-san.

「As far as I am aware, the god who is the High Rank Administrator is not someone who would favour either side. Despite that, the situation is in our favour for now.」

「……So, you think that something unfavourable will happen to us later?」

「I don’t know. But, when Taboo was distributed, it said World Quest, sequence 1. In other words, there’s at least two.」

Come to think of it, that’s true. In short, after this something will happen.

『World Quest, sequence 2』

Oh my. Is this a case of speaking of the devil I wonder. Now then, I wonder what will pop out next.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.2: S38 Decision Time 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Kill everyone in the whole world. Where have we heard that option before?

Author’s comments: Sophia’s point of view continued

『Use prayer to intervene in the battle of the gods.』

That was the only line spoken. After waiting a while there were no further words.

「……I wonder what that means?」

「Ah!」

The moment I asked my question, Kyouya-kun raised his voice as if he had noticed something.

「What?」

「A new item has been added to the Taboo menu.」

Kyouya-kun said that and I quickly focused on the Taboo menu. I’ve been deliberately averting my eyes from it as it makes me feel sick, but certainly an item that I believe wasn’t there earlier has been added.

『Taboo Menu

System overview

Details on all items in the System

Update logs

Points summary

Reincarnation history

Special item n%I=W

World Quest』

In the last field, are the words World Quest. I believe this wasn’t there just recently, and even if it had been there it’s inconceivable that it’s unrelated to the current situation. I try turning my focus onto that World Quest item.

「……Hrm. I see.」

This, how should I say, has really done a number on us, or what……

「Argh. So that’s how it’s going to be huh……」

Ariel-san is also clutching her head.

When I tried turning my focus onto that World Quest item, the rules of this World Quest naturally flowed into my head. To summarise them,

「In short, those getting involved in this war won’t just be a small group like us anymore, but everyone on this world」

…basically.

As for what exactly that means, literally as that announcement said, it is now possible to intervene in the battle between goshujin-sama and this god called Gyurie by using prayer.

「To think that things would end up this way…… Of course we believed that Shiro-chan would win, but now there’s no way to be sure.」

To pray to god, is basically faith. Then, as commonly seen in stories, the strength of that faith corresponds to how strong the god in question becomes. In other words, the more you pray, the more the god you pray to will be strengthened. In this situation though, it’s not like the strengthening will be particularly significant. Instead, the strengthening of a single person’s prayer will be negligible.

However, that is only correct when considering an individual.

Consider what would happen if every living member of humanity on this world offered up a prayer. Even if the strengthening of each individual’s prayer is negligible, they will accumulate. The power will become large. I don’t really have any particular idea what the population of this world is like, but on Earth you’d measure the number in billions. Of course the numbers would be much smaller here, but if you could combine the power of an entire world’s population together, it is an incredible amount.

「You could say that this allows the people of this world to decide which side they choose as active members, rather than it being up to someone else. This sure is something else.」

She tossed that out, half bitterly, half impressed. As Ariel-san says, for those who haven’t already taken sides, this certainly is an incredibly fair rule. Before this rule was put in place, the only ones who had the right to decide was Ariel-san before she lost her strength, me, Kyouya-kun, and humans with similar strength. At any rate, if any people who couldn’t fight appeared in front of us, we’d just simply trample them underfoot and that would be the end of it. However, with this rule, even people without the ability to fight can decide for themselves. Even if it’s weak, they can still add that power to the one they chose.

Also, there is practically no reason not to make a choice. The reason being, praying is the way to erase Taboo. Offer up a prayer, and some of the experience points that represent the Taboo skill will be consumed it seems. Then, when those points become zero, the Taboo skill will be clearly removed.

Even I who have Heresy Nullity consider Taboo to be irritating. I bet it would be unbearable to ordinary people, so they should be wanting to erase it. That way, it can be made clear which god is supported. That makes it obvious to choose one of them, doesn’t it. To not choose, means that you must be prepared to live with Taboo forever more. Having principles strong enough that you would stay neutral despite that, would be far from common after all. If you are prepared for that, then it’s a magnificent choice in it’s own right.

「It really is done well.」

「This is not the time to be impressed you know. We gotta work out some kind of countermeasure.」

Kyouya-kun says that as if exasperated, but isn’t there already something we can do in this case?

「Countermeasures huh. Wipe out the electorate completely or something?」

As soon as I said that, the other reincarnators looked my way in shock.

「Why is such a dangerous conclusion the first thing you come up with……」

「It was a joke. A joke.」

Though I said that, Kyouya-kun looks at me with his eyes filled with doubt. Not even I would do something so senseless you know. How rude.

「However, unless you do something on that kind of scale, I think it would likely end up being rather meaningless you know?」

Yes. Now that it’s come to this, there’s only a few things we can do. After all, our opponent is literally the entirety of humanity. Our opponent is just too damn big. No, in this case I guess it would be better to describe it by saying there’s too many of them. Faced by the majority, what us the minority can do, is very limited. Before this happened, I had thought that so long as we had the power we would be able to force things through one way or the other. The situation is now completely reversed. Thanks to god’s fairness.

Perhaps he understands that, as Kyouya-kun also has a bitter expression on his face. Ariel-san has her eyes calmly closed and is in deep thought about something.

「That being said, god is fair. Our role has also been properly prepared for us after all. In short, there’s no change in what we need to do.」

As part of the World Quest item added to Taboo, what’s recorded are some broad rules, the merits and demerits of victory for each faction, and also, the victory conditions for each faction.

「The Elro Great Labyrinth’s innermost place. Protect that until the System collapse occurs. That’s what we need to do.」

It’s too late to try to manipulate public opinion. Unlike our previous world, neither TV nor the Internet are established. We can only leave it up to each person to decide which way to go. In that case, we simply have to do what we can do. Besides.

「Whatever happens goshujin-sama will win. Let’s believe in that.」

Although prayers can be used to give power, the one who is actually fighting is goshujin-sama. No matter how the enemy is strengthened by the power of prayer, goshujin-sama will still win.

「……Indeed. That’s exactly right.」

Ariel-san opens her eyes. Those eyes… are filled with determination.

「There’s no change in what we need to do. Let’s believe that Shiro-chan will win, and protect the last bastion until the end.」

In response to Ariel-san’s words, I nod together with Kyouya-kun.

「Unfortunately the other side has the advantage in manipulating public opinion and similar. But, why don’t we mess with them just a little bit eh.」

Saying that, Ariel-san smiles like a little prankster.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.3: S38 Decision Time 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No it’s…

Author’s comments: Dustin’s (pope of the Divine Word Religion) point of view

Here at the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion in the Holy Country of Aleius, the government is even busier than usual. Everyone here with Distant Speech, the superior version of Telepathy, has been mobilised to get in contact with all the users of Distant Speech who had been previously dispatched to all sorts of places. The Divine Word Religion has used this method to spread its intelligence network throughout the whole world, so that if anything happens it can reach my ears, but this time it’s reversed. The objective is to spread information from here.

「Make use of whatever sophistry you can! Don’t be concerned about your appearance! Whatever it takes, get the populace to pray to Black Dragon-sama! In these circumstances use any and all forms of incitement available to you!」

A Distance Speech user is yelling with spit flying. This is all due to this World Quest thing. Though perhaps I should say “thanks to”. When Sequence 1 occurred, I was at my wits’ end that Taboo had been handed out to the entirety of humanity. If you know about Taboo then you can understand what the Divine Word Religion has been doing and why. If the people understand that, then public sentiment will separate from the Divine Word Religion.

All along, the eventual collapse of the Divine Word Religion’s authority has been taken into consideration. Disregarding the final state it will end up in, considering the reason the Divine Word Religion was founded and how it has operated, it was always a religion that would disappear someday. However, it is too early for that to happen now. It is still too early for me to lose my hands and feet known as the Divine Word Religion. At least until the conclusion of the battle between Black Dragon-sama and Shiro-sama can be verified, the Divine Word Religion must continue to exist.

World Quest Sequence 1 destroyed that plan all too soon. However, within the following World Quest Sequence 2, I could see hope. It is no longer possible to stop the downfall of the Divine World Religion. However, the people are still confused. Until now, the believers of the Divine Word Religion have been able to trust in us based on our track record. The more time that goes by that more that trust will fade, but for now they will still listen to us.

It’s a battle against time. Before that trust fades, we shall get as many people as possible to pray to Black Dragon-sama. As time passes, and the confusion abates, the people will eventually become calm, and the Divine Word Religion will be criticised for their guidance, but that is something we always expected before our inevitable collapse. The only difference is that it will come a little earlier than expected. It’s hard to say that this is the “best” time to discard the valuable card known as the Divine Word Religion. However, it should at least be “better”.

「Your Holiness!」

A Distant Speech user who had just been talking rushes over with a grim face. I can tell from his expression that this is not good news.

「Is there a problem?」

「Yes. A church has been destroyed by someone, apparently.」

「……A region that would already take such actions has surfaced huh.」

I had expected it. When someone is betrayed by those they believed in, they develop a furious hatred. The stronger the affection is before it is overturned, the stronger the hatred is. That being the case, when people who trusted in a religion believe that they have been betrayed, what will happen? It’s simple to predict.

「No. Actually, it does not appear that the people have become violent.」

「What?」

An unexpected response. Then, just what is it?

「A gigantic disc flying in the air passed by, and is said to have destroyed the church.」

「……She got us good huh.」

A flying saucer. There’s only one person who possesses such a thing. No, I should say, possessed such a thing. Potimas Hyphenath. It must be a weapon or something made by that man. Then, with that man having died, the only person who could seize such a weapon is Ariel-sama, the one who defeated Potimas. That being the case, it is natural to think that Ariel-sama also destroyed the church.

「Your Holiness!」

Another Distant Speech user speaks up.

「Do you also have a report that a flying saucer destroyed a church?」

「Y, yes.」

「Where?」

Then, after having confirmed the locations of the destroyed churches, I check the positions on a map. While doing so, a large number of similar reports came up. It is moving fast. Just what you can expect of something made by Potimas. While it might be out of spite, I have to acknowledge that man’s brilliance.

「……So it’s heading straight for the Elro Great Labyrinth huh.」

The inferred path for the flying saucer, was straight towards the Elro Great Labyrinth. It appears to be destroying any churches spotted along the way. I got careless because we were geographically the closer ones. Instead it is now Ariel-sama and co who will arrive first at the Elro Great Labyrinth. Given that Black Dragon-sama had suppressed Shiro-sama for us, and she was the one who could freely use teleport, I had thought we could take things slowly and carefully, but it seems that was a mistake. I should have left before it was confirmed that Potimas was beaten. No… At that time, I still didn’t know what Ariel-sama and co’s plans were. Although I could make predictions, given that we were taking part in a joint operation to beat Potimas, I couldn’t take any actions that would be seen as betrayal. There’s no point in regretting that. It’s already definite that Ariel-sama and co will arrive first at the Elro Great Labyrinth, and take up a defensive position there. More importantly, I have something I must deal with now.

「What is the situation at the towns with destroyed churches?」

「It appears there are whispers of fear that perhaps it was actually divine punishment.」

As expected, that’s how they reacted huh. During such times, if a thing beyond human understanding came and destroyed a church, it can’t be helped that they would perceive it that way. This is Ariel-sama’s harassment – to accelerate distrust towards the Divine Word Religion.

「What should we do? At this rate……」

「……Have the local priests make statements that they believes in Shiro-sama.」

「Huh?」

The Distant Speech users are dumbfounded. However, this is the only way. Even if I am cursed at for being unscrupulous, we have long passed the stage in which it is possible to choose our methods.

What would happen in a region where people’s trust in the Divine Word Religion is slipping, and a priest gives a statement saying he believes in Shiro-sama? Out of repulsion, there will also be those who offer up prayers to Black Dragon-sama instead.

「Have them give a speech that incites the people as much as possible. On top of that, refer to Shiro-sama by name.」

As for what will become of priests who give such a speech… Well, it has to be done. Perhaps they felt my determination, as the Distant Speech users began activating the skill. I’m sorry… All the responsibility lies with me. That is exactly why I have the obligation to carry out my duty.

If Ariel-sama arrives at the Elro Great Labyrinth first, then that’s fine. If we can’t go ahead, we’ll mobilise to make sure that as many prayers as possible are offered to Black Dragon-sama. After all, I am still the man who could control the election and become president in the distant past. I am well experienced in how to gather votes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.4: S38 Decision Time 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Public execution time! Or Laputa meme time!

Author’s comments: Ariel’s point of view

「Look! The people are like rubbish!」

「Ariel-san, that’s a villain’s line you know.」

「Aren’t we basically like villains anyway?」

「……Can’t disagree.」

「Balse!」

「Ariel-san, if you chant that then this ship will fly up into space after it finishes collapsing you know.」

「It’s a spaceship so it wouldn’t be wrong.」

「……Can’t disagree.」

We’re fully enjoying our air flight, talking about these somewhat pointless things. What we’re flying on is the spaceship we captured from Potimas during the battle with him. It’s something that he’d prepared to escape with at the last moment, but even so it was still stopped by Shiro-chan. We’re able to take our current actions because we captured it unharmed. Shiro-chan destroyed every single other weapon and took the remains. While I had originally avoided destroying the ship so that I could read through Potimas’s experimental data, I’m glad that I could use it like this instead of having to use my feet. If I had in fact destroyed this ship, then right now we’d likely have been forced to stay put in the elf village since we wouldn’t have been able to travel. Because we had counted on Shiro-chan’s Teleport for travelling, we’ve faced big difficulties since Shiro-chan disappeared. Really, I’m so glad this ship remained.

Anyway, regarding this ship, it was originally an escape craft that Potimas prepared to fly to space in. In addition, it was built under the assumption that it would need to wander through space for a long time. So that Potimas could safely find a planet that he could migrate to. For that reason, while it of course has living space for Potimas and the crew, it also has cultivation spaces for producing food, grazing spaces for livestock, and is even fully equiped with leisure facilities. In short, what I’m trying to say here, is that it’s absolutely massive. It could of course accommodate not just the reincarnators but the Demon King’s Army and even the survivors of the Imperial Army.

Talking of the survivors of the Imperial Army, I’ve dropped them off at the town nearest to the elf village though. In addition, I did the same for the few reincarnators who wanted that. Tagawa Kunihiko-kun and Kushitani Asaka-san as a pair, plus the Kusama Shinobu-kun, Ogiwara Kenichi-kun and Hasebe Yuika-san trio from the Divine Word Religion, a total of 5 people.

「Whatever choice we make, in the end I just can’t travel together with you lot.」

So said Tagawa-kun. Those two had their hometown destroyed by Merazofis-kun. It seems that it was impossible on an emotional level for them to accompany us while we had Merazofis-kun.

Then there’s the Kusama-kun, Ogiwara-kun and Hasebe-san trio who have a connection to the Divine Word Religion. Since we are now hostile to the Divine Word Religion, it seems that it’s impossible for them to accompany us. Hasebe-san seems dead on the inside – will she be okay? As a saint candidate, Hasebe-san was a pious Divine Word Religion believer, but she was brainwashed by Natsume-kun and participated in the Imperial Army attack on the elf village. That alone was a huge mental burden on her it seems, but there’s been all this turmoil since then. I don’t know if she’s beyond saving. Well, I do want her to live strongly.

The four apart from Ogiwara-kun who had gone undercover at the elf village, all have strong combat strength for humans, but since we had dropped them off at a town quite some distance from the Elro Great Labyrinth, I doubt that they’ll be able to do anything. About the one thing they can do is to pray. As for who they pray to, that’s their choice to make. There is nothing I can say. Two of them were hostile to us from before, and three of them rely upon the Divine Word Religion after all. I can’t really expect them to pray to Shiro-chan.

The majority of the remaining reincarnators were kids who had been imprisoned in the elf village. Because they had grown up in the elf village, those kids pretty much had no idea about the world outside. It would surely be far too irresponsible to dump such kids in a strange and unfamiliar land. For now I’ve taken them under my protection, and hopefully I can help them set up a place to live once things have calmed down. The problem though, is whether things can ever calm down enough, right.

The exception is sensei, who I insisted accompany me. Sensei is someone Shiro-chan owes her life to, and on top of that she’s a Ruler skill holder. Since the Ruler skills are the keys that can prevent the collapse of the System, I’ve no choice but to put her under supervision. Thus, I’m having her accompany us.

So the only ones on this ship now, are the reincarnators and the members of the Demon King Army. With two exceptions. One of those two exceptions, is where I am now.

「Well then? What’s the battle situation?」

「Who knows. Unfortunately I don’t know what’s up with the main body.」

After saying that, Hyrinth, Gyurie’s clone, crossed his arms.

「Really?」

「Indeed. This body has always been somewhat independent of the main body. Normally Hyrinth moves completely independently from Gyuriedistodiez. Once in a while the main body will perform a synchronisation with this body, but that too can only be initiated by the main body. It is frankly impossible for me to make some kind of appeal to the main body.」

「I sort of get it.」

「The main body can understand everything that I see and hear, but I can’t understand anything about the main body by myself, basically.」

「Hmm.」

「I can’t get any feedback from the main body except when we’re synchronised. While I do of course have the perception that I am Gyuriedistodiez, I have a stronger perception that I am Hyrinth.」

「Oh, is that so?」

I guess that explains it. I had expected it to be like talking to Gyurie, but something felt off. The man in front of me has some memories handed over from Gyurie, but he is not Gyurie himself.

「……Does that mean that Gyurie himself can tell what’s going on here?」

「……Who knows.」

If everything here would be leaked to Gyurie, then it’s possible that it could affect the battle with Shiro-chan. I’d been worried about that, but Hyrinth’s response was rather vague.

「What do you mean?」

「Gyuriedistodiez doesn’t have any experience of fighting with a god in another dimension either. I don’t know whether or not the connection between him in another dimension and me would be maintained for a start, and I don’t know if he has the spare capacity to grasp what’s going on here either.」

「I see……」

In the end, we just don’t know, huh. Well, while it might be unclear whether Gyurie can grasp what’s going on here, there’s nothing we can do from this end. Perhaps it’s not worth worrying about it?

「So then? How do you intend to take action as Hyrinth then?」

「How, huh. The specs of this body are pretty good for a human, but that’s all. Now that I have become your prisoner of war, you could say that there’s almost nothing I can do.」

「You don’t have some kind of godly power then?」

「No.」

He doesn’t huh. I had been a bit wary, but given his attitude I guess it’s okay.

「You can at least pray to Gyurie, right?」

「……Would you pray to yourself?」

「As far as your consciousness goes, you’re Hyrinth though?」

「That’s right, but I just don’t like the idea……」

Hyrinth genuinely doesn’t seem to like the idea. I smile wryly at his attitude. Maybe I was a bit too relaxed…

『World Quest, sequence 3. The views of each representative. Demon King Ariel.』

「Uwhoah!?」

After all, when I was surprised by that sudden Divine Word, I let out a weird voice. One reason why I was surprised is that my name had suddenly been called. And in addition, because I could hear that weird voice I gave again in double, directly inside my head.

「Eh? What’s this? 」

The words I muttered instinctively again resounded simultaneously inside my head.

「Ariel-san’s voice, is in my head.」

「Eh? It’s not just me who can hear this?」

「Yes.」

Wrath nods. When I looked at Hyrinth, he also nodded his head. Suddenly, I had a really, and I mean, really bad premonition.

「Eh? Don’t tell me this is a live broadcast to the entire human race? That can’t possibly be true, right?」

So far, all the World Quest sequences have had an effect on the entire human race. So, surely not, but perhaps the entire human race can hear this? Starting with such a pathetic voice, and everything up to now!

「Uh, arghhhh!」

When I realised that possibility, I unconsciously made a pitiful groan. While understanding at the same time that even my groan was resounding across the whole world.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.5: S38 Decision Time 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Someone’s very salty.

Author’s comments: Short. The whole of humanity listening to Ariel’s words

『Ahh… Okay! That might have been quite the sloppy start, but I’d rather you forget that part. Very much so.』

『Now then. What was it again? My views, right?』

『My views. My views huh……』

『I can talk about that, but you know, I don’t really have that much to say though.』

『In the end, it’s not like I’m expecting anything from humanity after all.』

『That’s how it is, right. We’re talking about a bunch who’ve basically been taking it easy until the situation has gotten just this bad – what should I expect from them?』

『Sariel-sama bet her life so that this world could continue to exist, yet until now that debt of gratitude has been forgotten about.』

『Just how many years do you think have passed since then? If you look at the history section in Taboo, you should be able to get a rough idea of just how long it has been.』

『Well, there’s also the fact that there are those who purposely erased this from history so that it would be forgotten about.』

『Having watched this happen all this time as an outsider, I’ve gone past anger and into despair you know.』

『Basically I thought, did Sariel-sama become a sacrifice in order to save the likes of this lot ?』

『Hey mankind, long ago you decided to sacrifice Sariel-sama in order to save yourselves. So if you ask me what kind of choice you’re gonna make this time, it’s totally obvious.』

『So I’m not going to hold out any kind of hope, and I’m not going to try to persuade you.』

『However, I’ll just tell you this.』

『The ones who’ll win will be us.』

『Even if nobody wants to save Sariel-sama, especially not even herself, then I shall save Sariel-sama.』

『Even if I have to sacrifice more than half of humanity.』

『If you’re prepared to try to turn Sariel-sama into a sacrifice, then you better be prepared to be become a sacrifice yourself, right?』

『So I shall make this declaration.』

『I am nothing less than the second coming of the Demon King – Ariel.』

『I’m not referring to fakes like the kings of demonkind, being nominated by the System. I mean the true Demon King.』

『I shall continue the will of the first Demon King Foddway, who sought to free Sariel-sama by obliterating all of humanity, by making a proclamation of war against humanity.』

『Mankind, for the sake of the Goddess, please die.』

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.6: S38 Decision Time 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Who gets to have the last laugh?

Author’s comments: Pope Dustin’s perspective. A bit short due the denouement

『Pope Dustin of the Divine Word Religion』

My name was called. At the time when Ariel-sama was named, I could predict that this would happen. There is no person more suitable than me to represent our faction. Thus, it was inevitable that I would be called upon like this. From the moment when I predicted something like that happening, I immediately started to think about the contents of my speech.

However, all of those details were completely blown away by Ariel-sama’s speech.

Without any intention to gather votes, without any attempt to curry favour at all, she declared that she and her friends would win solely through their own power. In addition, she declared war on all of mankind, demanding that they die for the sake of the Goddess, as straight-forward and upfront as can be. The way of being true to yourself… is just… so dazzling.

「……」

The broadcasting of my words to the whole of humanity has already begun I’m sure. However, I was not able to talk at all. That silence… continued for several minutes.

「……It has been a long, painful journey.」

When I was finally able to squeeze out some words, my voice seemed terribly weak.

「Thus far, what has been accomplished, has been extensive.」

The time when… during the chaos immediately following the System going into operation, together with my comrades we struggled to overcome it all. The time when…. the first generation Demon King Foddway bared his fangs, and all of humanity was subjected to the very real threat of extinction. The time when… standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the first generation Hero, we overcame that threat. The time when… my first life had ended and during my second life I watched the era change before my very eyes. The time when… as the generations changed, the people who knew about the world before the System went into operation began to dwindle and I felt the incredible loneliness of being left behind. The time when… in order to create something to rely on for the people who were falling into despair, I founded the organisation known as the Divine Word Religion.

All those times, I always endeavoured to take the best possible action. However, when I reflected upon them later, there were an enormous number of times when I felt regret that maybe I could have found a better way. Time and time again, I was forced to realise that I was merely human in the end. Again and again. Although I endeavoured to do my best, I kept on failing. Even so, step by step. Accomplishments were made. Anything and everything, whether they were good deeds or evil deeds. Everything was simply to save humanity.

「I will believe in what I have accomplished. Thus, further words are not necessary.」

This should have been more in line with a normal speech. If Ariel-sama had given a standard speech, I’m sure it would have been simple enough for me to use the art of conversation to skillfully move the hearts of the people in my direction. Even so, I could not bring myself to speak it.

「I am Dustin, the last president of Dazdoldia and the first pope of the Divine Word Religion. I am the man who has shamelessly continued to repay the kindness of the Goddess Sariel-sama with ingratitude.」

The logical part of my head tells me that by saying these things, the trust of the people will fade. However, at the very end, I wanted to speak my true feelings instead of being covered in affectation like normal. It has been so painful the whole time. I have always expected my name to be cursed for eternity. Indeed. All of myself, all of my deeds, I detest it all.

「For that very reason, I have the obligation to carry this through to the very end.」

Even so, once I made my choice, I had to follow it through.

「I will save humanity. No matter what has to be done. Therefore……」

I take a deep breath. These words… are momentous.

「Gods, for the sake of humanity, please die.」

Compared to Ariel-sama’s speech, it pledges the exact opposite. I’m sure a better speech was possible. However, this is fine. Having said this, I can no longer go back. I will not. If the gods are in fact sacrificed… then humanity… humanity shall be saved.

『This concludes the views of each representative.』

Immediately following the end of my speech, those Divine Words resounded. It was the usual voice of Sariel-sama who I have continued to hear for a long time.

『Well then,』

However, the following words… were by a voice I did not recognise.

『thus the stage is set. Now then, to all those living in this word. Make your choice. Take action. World Quest, final sequence. Will the Evil God succeed or fail?』

Unlike the normal mechanical voice of Sariel-sama’s announcements, this voice has a penetrating coldness. Whoever this is, just by hearing these words I’m getting goosebumps. There’s only one person I can think of. The god whose assistance was requested by Black Dragon-sama, and who created the System for us.

『Now then, please entertain me.』

The words of that very god, were the signal that started it. The battle with the fate of the world at stake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s38.7: S38 Decision Time 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The more things change, the more they stay the same.

Author’s comments: I took a mini-hibernation yesterday (about 17 hours). Shun’s perspective.

……What, should I do?

No matter how much I thought about it, no answer came out. Demon King Ariel. Pope Dustin. I heard each of their views. The views of the representatives of the two powers who are battling over the fate of the world. Regardless of what views they had on such an important occasion, almost as if they had arranged it in advance, both of them only made short remarks. However, within those short remarks, just how much emotion was invested? Even me, a reincarnator who should be half an outsider, could sense just how much was involved. Both of them… have resolved themselves… to such an overwhelming degree.

I don’t know what fate brought this about, but I hold a key that could make a significant difference in this battle. It wouldn’t make nearly as much difference if I took the Demon King’s side, but if I took the Pope’s side this key would help them greatly.

……On an emotional level, I want to be on the Pope’s side. For me, to go as far as wishing for the deaths of all the people I’ve met in this world, isn’t something I can ever imagine doing. However, after hearing the resolution in the voices of the Demon King and the Pope, I can’t help but wonder if it is even okay for the likes of me to get involved in their battle.

Part of it is that I am a reincarnator. The Demon King and the Pope have been fighting all this time in this world. In addition, even if they don’t remember it, the people of this world have been repeatedly reincarnating here all this time. Regardless of how the battle is concluded, us wet-behind-the-ears reincarnators shouldn’t be participating in this battle, right? I fear that’s the case. I’ve started to believe… that if I’m so wishy-washy and uncertain, that maybe doing nothing is in fact the correct answer.

「Uncertain, aren’t you.」

At that moment, Katia came over.

「That’s right. I’m extremely uncertain.」

「Why not try talking about what sort of things you are uncertain about. There are times when simply talking about something can help you straighten out your thoughts.」

「……True, I guess.」

Being told so, I began to falteringly discuss my thoughts. The ordering of my explanation was all over the place for a start, and since I was just voicing whatever came to mind, I think it was hard to make sense of it all. Even so, Katia listened to my entire story without rushing me.

「Hrm. In short, on an emotional level you want to side with the Pope, but you are having second thoughts because you lack resolve, right?」

「That’s a blunt way of putting it, but yeah.」

I can’t help but smile wryly in the face of Katia’s frank assessment. In the end, I do lack resolve.

「As the Hero, as the one to succeed Julius-nii-sama, I will inherit Julius-nii-sama’s will. At least, that was my objective. However, my vague sense that by fighting with the demons I could achieve that objective, was presumptuous. What was special about Julius-nii-sama, was that having determined it on his own, he always kept to the justice that he believed in.」

No matter when, Julius-nii-sama was a hero that I could admire. That wasn’t just because Julius-nii-sama was strong though. That wasn’t just because he was cool though. It’s because, more than anything else, his resolution was dazzling. That strong will, something I never had, is precisely why I admired him.

「At a time like this, I’m sure Julius-nii-sama would come up with his own answer, even while uncertain. For me, that’s impossible to emulate.」

In Julius-nii-sama’s case, just what kind of answer would he give? I don’t know. I don’t know, but I’m sure he’d come up with an answer, and then go fight. Maybe in Julius-nii-sama’s case, rather than having given up on that third option like I have, he would have made every effort to save everyone. Whether or not it was possible to achieve, I’m sure Julius-nii-sama wouldn’t have given up to the very end. Compared to me, there’s a huge difference.

「I am shallow. Whether it’s compared to Julius-nii-sama, or compared to the Demon King and the Pope……」

Saying so, I hung my head, breathing a huge sigh.

「Even if you are shallow, does it really matter?」

「Eh?」

While I had fallen into self-hatred, Katia declared that quite indifferently.

「Shun, you consider things like resolution and will to be important things don’t you, and in practice there is nothing wrong with that.」

「That’s right.」

「However! To take some kind of action does not require you to exaggerate things to such an extent you know?」

「Huh?」

「”I want to do that”. “I want to do this”. Sure, such feelings are trivial and shallow. Even if they are shallow, does it really matter? In the first place, consider those like the living witnesses of history and true heroes. What is so strange about such people having extraordinary resolution and will? Compared to them, everyone else would look shallow.」

「That, that might be true……」

「If it could be assumed that it is wrong to take action unless you have a heavy will, then that would mean that it would be wrong to take action for almost all the people in this world.」

「Isn’t that a groundless argument?」

「Maybe it is.」

On spontaneously objecting to Katia’s argument, Katia readily accepted that.

「However, put aside the argument about having a heavy will etc – just because you are a reincarnator it does not mean that you cannot participate. Kyouya and the others are boldly participating in the Demon King faction, aren’t they.」

「……Certainly.」

Now that she mentions it, that’s right. In the Demon King’s faction are Kyouya and Negishi-san, as well as Wakaba-san. From what I have seen, those three have taken up central positions in the Demon King faction. If I consider that, then it would be wrong to state that reincarnators mustn’t participate in the battle. However.

「With those three, it sure seems like they’ve fully prepared themselves though.」

Especially Kyouya. When I think back on Kyouya, a bitter thought pierces my heart. Perhaps when Kyouya told me that I had an empty sword, it might have been a bigger shock that I had realised.

「We might be reincarnators, but right now we are living in this world and are inhabitants of this world. Therefore, you do have the right to participate in the battle.」

「That’s also right, I guess.」

We too, are now living in this world after all.

「In the end, it is a waste of time to consider stuff like whether your will is heavy or light. In the first place, it is something that cannot be seen, so only the individual themselves can determine how heavy it is. So all that matters is – what do you yourself want to do in the future.」

「What I want to do huh.」

「Yes. And also at times like this, in our previous world this was a common phrase.」

I raised my head and looked at Katia’s face.

「It is better to regret doing something than it is to regret not doing something.」

On her face, was a smile somehow like that of a child who had just carried out a prank.

「Therefore, I have chosen the path of doing something I could regret.」

「……? What do you mean?」

「If you use Appraisal on me, you will understand.」

When I was told that, I tried activating Appraisal while tilting my head in confusion. And then.

「Eh, that’s!?」

As soon as her status sprung up before me, something felt really off. The number of her skills… was awfully small.

「Eh!?」

Then, when I saw what one of her few remaining skills actually was, I raised my voice in shock a second time.

『Chastity』

That was one of the Ruler skills in the Seven Virtues group.

「You know what my unique skill is, right?」

At her words, everything came together. The name of Katia’s unique skill is “Transition”. It’s a subtle skill that she had lamented she would never have a use for. The effect of that skill is that it can reduce skills into skill points. In short, it was a skill that allowed you to redo your skills. However, the reduction efficiency was not 100%, so it had a trap in that the more you used it the greater the loss. So Katia decided to seal off the use of this skill, never using it once. However, looking at her situation, it’s obvious at a glance what she has done.

「You used Transition huh.」

「Exactly so. Due to that I have lost most of my skills though.」

Katia’s skills were almost entirely gone. All she really has is Chastity, along with the associated skills that are gained from the title. Every last one of her status value enhancement type skills have gone, so her status values have also fallen somewhat. Even so, with her average values easily exceeding 1000, she wouldn’t come up short against the average soldier though. However, in the battles ahead, those status values might as well be nothing. Even if I was in perfect condition, I’d probably still be just a hindrance after all. So in comparison to that, Katia would be……

「You’re going then?」

「Indeed. I do not want to see my family or servants or my friends all die you see.」

While I was being so wishy-washy and uncertain, Katia made her decision it seems. I see… that’s right. I slap my cheeks with all my strength. I’ve fired myself up.

「I too, while shallow in my own way, better take action huh.」

Whichever option I choose, there will be pain involved. Whichever side wins, I’m sure I’ll look at that pain and regret it. And, if I chose neither option, then I’m sure I’ll just continue to be wishy-washy and uncertain over not having made a choice. Then, let’s go with it is better to regret doing something than it is to regret not doing something.

「In the first place, I don’t even know if I’ll be of any use when something happens.」

Maybe I’ll be reduced to ashes before I can even reach the innermost place on the lowest layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth…… Or rather, I feel that the probability of that is higher. My feeble strength will likely be of little use in battle. But.

「Let’s give it a go.」

If you decide to do it, then do it. Maybe challenging it with this feeble strength of mine, is right in line with my shallow will.

「I shall be relying upon you. I am merely a feeble young lady now that I have lost almost all of my combat strength.」

While saying that, Katia snuggled up to me.

「R, right.」

Just as I was getting flustered, BAM, the door was flung open.

「You’re stealing a march on me, Katia.」

「This is first come first served you know.」

「Die.」

「S, stop!」

In order to stop Sue who truly seemed wrapped up in killing intent, I had to take action.

Translation notes:

“Empty sword” – this is a bit annoying since it’s a reference all the way back to “Elf Village Battle 11”, a whopping 299 chapters ago, though from Shun’s perspective it would only be a few days ago. This is how Kyouya’s line was translated at the time – “How light. Do you seriously think that you can cut someone with such a sharp sword?” However, instead of “sharp sword” the meaning in context is more like “empty sword”, with “empty” meaning “free of content” or “empty headed”. Kyouya is really referring to the attitude behind the sword rather than the physical sword itself. This is also what Kyouya is getting at when he says “how light” – he’s referring to Shun’s strength of will.

“Transition” – yes, D really went there. In Japanese, Katia’s unique skill name is “転換” (tenkan) and “性転換” (seitenkan) is “sex change”. A more common translation of this word is “conversion” or “transformation”.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s39: S39 Assemble 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When you don’t even know the basics about the people on the other side.

Author’s comments: Shun’s perspective continued.

We have come to meet with the Pope to convey our intention to fight in the Pope’s faction in the battle. Of course that includes Katia who had hardened her determination to join in the battle earlier than me, as well as Sue who had indicated her intention to participate.

「If nii-sama is going to participate, then of course I will.」

So she said. Maybe I don’t have the right to say this about others, but is such a reason really okay? Well, as Katia said, only the person themselves knows how heavy their will is. I’m sure that Sue has a resolute will within her.

And so, we’ve now come for our meeting with the Pope, but on reaching the room there was a sharp air of tension permeating the place. The one giving off that vibe, was the person sitting in front of the Pope.

「You are…」

That person reacted to my voice, and turned to give me a glance. At the same time, the two people sitting next to him turned around and slightly raised a hand.

「Tagawa. Kushitani-san.」

「Hi there.」

They were Tagawa and Kushitani-san, who should have been at the elf village. When I took a good look, I noticed Kusama and Ogi stationed behind the Pope. We took a seat after being prompted.

「How did you get here?」

「With this person using Teleport.」

On saying so, Tagawa turned his attention to the person sitting in front of the Pope.

「Allow me to introduce you. This person is the Hero, Shurein-sama.」

「I know.」

On the Pope’s introduction, I gave a light bow. In contrast though, this person responded looking bored.

「I am Ronant. Your brother’s teacher.」

「!」

Ronant-sama. The chief of the imperial court wizards in the Empire, Julius-nii-sama’s magic teacher. In addition, at the time when the executions of Leston-nii-sama and co were published, he is the person who counterattacked us when we tried to infiltrate the Kingdom’s royal castle. Perhaps because I remember that, I put myself on guard right away.

「Ahh, no need to go on guard like that. I’m pretty much an ally here.」

Ronant-sama waved a hand dismissively, looking annoyed.

「An ally, huh?」

I listened doubtfully. Even if the Imperial Army were being used, they still obeyed Yuugo. And, behind Yuugo were the demons, that Demon King Ariel. There’s no evidence that this person doesn’t have some kind of connection with that Demon King Ariel.

「Well, naturally. I admire “that person”, but being told to die isn’t something I could agree to.」

Ronant-sama said that sullenly.

「That person?」

「The Nightmare of the Labyrinth. No, maybe it would be easier to understand if I said Shiro-sama.」

Shiro. According to what was published in the World Quest in Taboo, that’s the name Wakaba-san commonly goes by. But, the Nightmare of the Labyrinth?

「You may know this already, but the Nightmare of the Labyrinth refers to a spider monster who once appeared in the Elro Great Labyrinth, regarded as mythical class in danger level. In addition, it is considered likely to be the same being as Shiro-sama.」

「Eh?」

At the Pope’s explanation I unconsciously raised my voice in surprise. I remember Basgas-san talking a little about the Nightmare of the Labyrinth when he guided us through Elro Great Labyrinth. That was, Wakaba-san? This was a surprise not just to me, but to Katia and also Tagawa and co.

「Shiro-sama is not alone in that regard. There’s also Wrath-sama, though to you I think it would be easier to understand if I said Kyouya-sama. He is also the unique ogre who was observed in the area known as the Magic Mountains.」

「Oh-ho?」

Unlike us who had lost our voices in shock, Ronant-sama let out a voice full of curiosity.

「Did Wakaba-san and Sasajima both start at monsters then?」

While leaning back on his chair, Tagawa exclaimed that while breathing out. Kyouya and Wakaba-san, both started in completely different circumstances to us. In that case, I could see why they might side with the Demon King faction. Perhaps because they experienced something I can’t even imagine, that’s why they don’t think the way they used to in their previous lives. Despite that, I told Kyouya and co, “does that mean we gotta toss away our sense of values from Japan?” didn’t I. When I think back on Kyouya’s expression at the time, I feel disconsolate.

「Then, Riho-… I mean Sophia as well?」

「She is in yet another category, but has also led an eventful life.」

Tagawa asks the Pope about Sophia. This guy… just now he almost referred to Sophia as “Rihoko” didn’t he.

「The sequence of events is that she was engulfed in the war between the countries of Sariera and Otsu, then taken into Ariel-sama’s protection when she had lost her parents and hometown.」

That is, something else. What an awful series of events. While I have only been able to hear a brief summary of the main points of her situation, just that alone is enough for me to imagine that it was a cruel situation. So from Sophia’s point of view the Demon King Ariel is her lifesaver huh. Well then, naturally she would cooperate with her.

「Then who is Merazofis?」

Tagawa piles on with more questions. It seems to me that for Tagawa, this is the one he really wants to know about.

「He was a servant to Sophia-sama’s parents. It seems that during their escape he was turned into a vampire by Sophia-sama.」

「Vampire!?」

I unconsciously raised my voice in shock.

「Indeed. Sophia-sama and Merazofis-sama are vampires. Sophia-sama in particular is the only True Ancestor since the first generation Demon King Foddway.」

There was so much additional information that I was left speechless. Or maybe I should say, this person sure knows an awful lot about many things.

「Humph. As expected from you.」

Ronant-sama snorts at the Pope while fixing his gaze on him.

「However, having information about your opponents is one thing, but whether you can win or not is another matter. What are our chances of winning?」

Ronant-sama fixes his gaze on the Pope with a sharp glint in his eyes. J, just what I’d expect from Julius’s teacher. The air of intimidation is tremendous.

「We will win.」

In response though, the Pope answered without showing any hesitation.

「Very well.」

Saying so, Ronant-sama stood up.

「In that case, I shall display my strength to its fullest.」

He then held out his hand to the Pope. The Pope also stood up, and grasped the hand back.

「In the end I was unable to become her student, so instead the only thing to do is surpass her on my own.」

So saying, Ronant-sama gave a bold smile.

「Then, I want you to use that Space Magic of yours to scrape together as much military strength as possible.」

To Ronant-sama, the Pope smiled sweetly while saying that. In an instant, the smile dropped off Ronant-sama’s face, and he looked aghast.

「Y, you! Am I just a courier to you…?」

「This is something that only Ronant-sama can do.」

To use Ronant-sama, the peerless chief of the imperial court wizards in the Empire, as a courier. What an extravagant usage to put him to.

「Dammit! Let’s do it then!」

Instead of refusing that, Ronant-sama consents. It seems he might be a bit desperate though……

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s39.2: S39 Assemble 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There’s bad news, and really bad news. But at least we have each other.

Author’s comments: Shun’s perspective.

「The representative of the demons has arrived.」

The nervous chamberlain called out. Little wonder. After all, this is probably the first time in history that a demon has set foot in the Holy Country of Aleius, the furthest human place from the demon territories. When I then saw him, he turned out to be much younger than I had expected. While I have heard that there’s no visible differences between demons and humans, by seeing one in the flesh, I’m forcibly shown that they simply look like ordinary humans.

「I am Balto Fisero. Pleased to make your acquaintance.」

However, considering that demons have a longer lifespan than humans, I’d bet that he’s older than he looks. He named himself in a dignified manner, and despite being in a place that it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to call enemy territory, he didn’t show a hint of being afraid or nervous.

「You are most kind to come all this way to visit us. I am the Pope of the Divine Word Religion, Dustin.」

The Pope returned a greeting. Then, once Balto-san had taken a seat, the conference began.

「Now then. We cannot afford to postpone matters much further, so let us curtail the introductions and so on. We shall proceed under the assumption that everyone has assembled here with the intention of cooperating with us.」

The Pope begins to speak as our representative. Beginning with Balto-san here as a representative of the demons, the representatives of many countries are assembled here. The headquarters of the Divine Word Religion is the Holy Country of Aleius, and has established links with many countries via teleportation rings. In addition, there are those here thanks to Ronant-sama rushing around. This is how representatives of so many countries have assembled here so swiftly. That being said, there are also many countries who have decided not to participate, due their internal discussions not being finished. My home country of Anareich is also absent. In our case, due to the civil war stirred up by Yuugo, it is still split between the Queen’s faction and Leston-nii-sama’s faction, despite it being not the time for that sort of thing. I’m sure that Leston-nii-sama and co fully understand that this is not the time for that when a battle is going on to decide the fate of the world. However, considering that the two factions were fighting against each other until just now, it would surely be difficult for them to immediately put aside their differences. Maybe if we had a bit more time it could have been rushed through, but unfortunately we don’t have the time to take things easy.

Considering that, the rapid response of the demons could be said to be amazing. At the time of the declarations from the Demon King and the Pope, they took action the moment it was over after all.

It seems that Balto-san first attempted to get in contact with the Empire by a fast horse. Or rather, that Balto-san himself rode on that fast horse. Then, he announced himself to the Empire, and so proceeded on to this place immediately. I don’t know how far it is between the demon’s capital city and the teleportation ring in the Empire that connects to here, but there’s no way that such important equipment would be close to the demon territories. He likely had to rush all the way here, without even time for sleep. That also shows just how seriously he views the current situation. Along with his strong determination to make a temporary ceasefire despite the long history of war between them and the humans.

「Our objective is the prevention of the System’s collapse by the Demon King Ariel. For that reason, we must bring those people who possess the special skill known as a Ruler skill to the innermost place on the lowest layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth.」

The reason why I am participating in this conference is not because I’m the Hero, but because I possess a Ruler skill. Which is why Katia and Sue are also seated either side of me.

「However, Demon King Ariel has already reached the Elro Great Labyrinth, and has laid out a defensive formation.」

According to the scout units of the Divine Word Religion, at both entrances to the Elro Great Labyrinth, on the Kasanagara continent side and on the Dazdoldia continent side, a certain type of monster has been stationed. And that monster is……

「The Queen Taratekt.」

On hearing that monster’s name, those in attendance abruptly gasped. It is a mythical class monster. There is one of those powerful monsters stationed at each of the entrances. In addition, spider type monsters believed to be kin of those Queen Tarateks, are being summoned one after the other it seems. Their number… cannot be determined by sight. In other words, there were such a large number of monsters there, that they couldn’t be counted.

「Not only that, but it is almost certain that the subordinates of Demon King Ariel have already been stationed inside the Elro Great Labyrinth. Unless we break through them, we humans cannot win.」

The Queen Taratekt is said to be a mythical class monster that cannot even be subdued by humans. In the past, in order to subjugate a Queen Taratekt, a large army with a previous Hero in the lead went to battle with one. The result was… a draw. Despite gathering together as much fighting power as it was possible to scrape up, despite the Hero and majority of those called the champions of mankind participating, even so, the most they could manage was a draw. And now, there’s two of those monsters.

「To take on two Queen Tarateks at once is reckless. Therefore, we shall focus on one of them, and a select few will force their way through into the Elro Great Labyrinth. I wish for everyone to partner with the army that will take on the Queen Taratekt. 」

Small groans can be heard here and there. The opponent is a Queen Taratekt. This is no easy job. We must even consider the possibility of annihilation. Or rather… perhaps it is something that must be considered – whether or not it is acceptable for the representative of a country to take such a risk.

「We depart in two days. From here to the front line.」

However, to forestall the contemplations of the representatives of each country, the Pope makes that announcement. An abrupt departure. However, there is another reason for doing so.

「During this time, the countdown to the System’s collapse is progressing moment by moment. In two days time, those who cannot hasten here in time will be left behind, and we shall depart with only those gathered here.」

Even during this time when the god called Black Dragon-sama is fighting with Wakaba-san, it appears that Wakaba-san is pushing the System towards collapse. There is no way of knowing what the time limit of that is. However, if you take it easy then that time will definitely come. It’s possible that it could occur at any time, even right now.

「If you cannot participate then do not be concerned. After all, whoever wins will be the side the world choses.」

Will the people die, or will the gods die? That is the sort of battle it is.

And so, two days after the conference. At last, the battle that will decide the fate of this world… began.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s40: S40 The Demon King’s situational analysis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

「Was it not a mistake to split the Queens into two groups?」

A report had come from the Queen at the Dazdoldia continent entrance – that the enemy army had attacked. In comparison there’s been no movement at the Kasanagara continent entrance. It’s transparent that their plan is to concentrate their military forces on one side and force their way through. As for Sophia-chan’s impression of the situation, well, I think it can’t be helped that she feels that way.

「Even so, if I’d left one side open then of course they’d have just attacked that side anyway.」

I reply with a wry smile. The Divine Word Religion has teleportation rings installed all over the place. Even if it took some time, they could move their army to either side. In addition, even though it might take them some time, it’s still faster than we can re-deploy our defensive forces. In the end, we have no choice but to station our defense units at both ends.

「Well then, even now we could still recall the Queen who is unoccupied perhaps.」

「Same sort of thing. The moment we recall the Queen on the Kasanagara continent side, there’s still the possibility of some hidden troops suddenly rushing the place you know.」

While I doubt there could be some hidden troops on the scale of an army, that doesn’t mean that there couldn’t be a small elite assault force. In particular, with the ancient dragons the other side has, without the Queen there it would be difficult to field superior forces against them.

「Being on the defence is a disadvantage isn’t it.」

「Not necessarily you know.」

Rather, being on the defensive has more advantages actually. The advantage the attacker has is that they can decide when and where to attack. In other words, that initial choice is the first and last advantage that they have. Once that is over, all that remains are disadvantages. I believe that I’ll get a return on my investment, even if I waste the “funds” of a single Queen.

「Well, the battle has only just begun. Simply playing for time is enough to get us closer to our victory condition. So why not go with some leisurely delaying tactics then.」

The Elro Great Labyrinth is vast. Simply getting from the upper layer to the bottom layer, takes a considerable amount of time. Even if there are several shafts that could be called shortcuts, countermeasures have already been taken. If anything, it would be great for us if they casually tried to make use of them. If they use the normal route then that alone will take a long time, and if they try to take a shortcut then that’s where they’ll be brought down. Whichever way the cookie crumbles, it’s no problem.

「At any rate, they sure have gathered a lot.」

Sophia-chan says that like she’s looking at something far in the distance. Or rather, not so much “like”, rather she “is” I’m sure. Vampires have the ability to create something like clones, so she’s probably looking at how Merazofis-kun is doing since he remained on the surface.

「They don’t have another chance after all. They must have gone to extremes though.」

I had expected them to take a bit longer before they attacked, but instead they’re really early. So it can be reasoned that they went to extremes.

However, from their point of view that’s likely the right choice. The faster they move, the more advantageous it is for them. No, rather than saying it’s advantageous, it might be better to say that they moved before it became disadvantageous. Most likely, the more time that passes, the bigger the chaos amongst the people becomes. At any rate, the whole of humanity had Taboo installed after all.

Just having Taboo is enough to make one feel disgusted. In addition, looking at the Taboo menu leads to severe mental pain. For that very reason, most people would probably try to avert their eyes if possible. But, that won’t last forever. Taboo generates obsessive thoughts. They can’t be resisted forever. One day they will be forced to reluctantly look at the contents of Taboo. Then, once they’ve seen the contents, the obsessive thoughts that come from Taboo, along with the feelings of guilt stirred up by the actual contents, will begin to stab at them. Once that happens, it will cause them to hesitate to point their blades at us.

I can’t be sure but perhaps the more time that passes, the more supporters we will gain. Alternatively, the more suicides and the like there’ll be. And once that happens, the countries will be in chaos and be in no condition to fight. The Pope took rapid action before that could occur, probably hoping for a quick decisive battle. Despite not even having the time to think about it properly, he took the optimal course of action. I can’t say that it hadn’t occurred to me before, but having him as the enemy sure is extremely annoying.

「Our victory condition is solely to play for time. Even as we speak Shiro-chan is working inside there towards causing the System to collapse. Until that is achieved, we shall defend here to the last. Simple, right?」

Saying so, I point at the door behind me. This is the innermost place of the bottom layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. The door towering there, is for the nexus of the System in this world. The place where Sariel-sama is.

「Conversely, the victory conditions for the Pope’s side, is to come here before the System begins to collapse, and use those with the Ruler authority as a key to lock the System against collapse.」

In short, if they break through us, then it is our defeat.

「Well, the situation could change depending upon the conclusion to the battle between Shiro-chan and Gyurie, but either way it doesn’t change what we have to do.」

We will believe in Shiro-chan’s victory, and defend this place. We will do whatever we can. That’s all there is to it.

「Hmm…」

Then and there, Sophia-chan begins to worry about something.

「Are you doubting something?」

「Put aside our situation, I was just wondering what Dustin-ojii-sama plans to do.」

「I said it a moment ago…」

Was this girl not listening to me or something?

「I am not talking about the victory conditions, I mean what happens after this battle is over.」

「What happens after this battle is over?」

「I mean, with the method Dustin-ojii-sama is taking, surely that will lead to collapse, right?」

「Ah.」

I get what she means now. That’s something that has bothered me as well.

The Pope’s objective is to obstruct us, in other words, to let the System keep on operating as it has been until now. Sariel-sama will soon reach her limit. Gyurie will then succeed after Sariel-sama, and all of the power that Gyurie has will be released until the minimum required amount of energy is reached, or something like that. However, that is just not plausible. The souls of mankind are already getting close to their limits, like Sariel-sama. For Sariel-sama to have approached her limits, means that the souls of mankind are also reaching their limits. As that happens, the souls of mankind have to recuperate before they can reincarnate again, meaning that the population of this world will rapidly decrease. In turn, the more the population decreases the more the amount of energy that the System can collect decreases. Even if the System continues to operate normally, it is obvious that it will deteriorate.

「In all probability, the Pope is hiding something from us.」

「Hiding something?」

I nod.

「There’s no way the Pope hasn’t made that realisation. That being the case, I expect he has some way to make the numbers add up.」

We’re talking about that Pope, right? That monster cannot knowingly go down a path that will lead to ruin. He’s definitely thinking of some alternative.

「How?」

「Who knows. If I knew that I wouldn’t be frustrated about it.」

I shrug my shoulders.

「However, if he is hiding it from us, it means it is something inconvenient for us then.」

Indeed. Him hiding it from us, means that it is something inconvenient to us. For sure that means that for us it is something bad.

「Ah hah. In other words it would be good if we could just crush it then.」

「Putting it simply, that’s how it is.」

I don’t know if the Pope is up to something. But, in the end it doesn’t change what we need to do either.

「Now then mankind. Why don’t you show me what you’ve got huh.」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 331: What just happened!?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Returning with interest? Or poisoning the well?

『So, that is what happened, now do your best.』

……What? “That is what happened”, huh. What!?

I’m right in the midst of battle here yet I can’t help but think that being flabbergasted is a perfectly normal reaction. I mean, here I am in the middle of a shootout with Kuro and all of a sudden D starts speaking right inside my head, okay! On top of that, it’s real serious stuff.

Eh, Taboo was installed on all of humanity? Eh, prayer can send power to Kuro or myself? Eh, the Demon King and Pope had a public speaking battle over their principles?

….Just whaaat?

Just when we’re having this real intense battle, how did things end up like that huh? No, the cause is totally clear! D, it’s you, it’s totally you! What the heck have you been up to while I was away! Nai wa. If you’re going to call yourself an outsider then please stay an outsider to the end, okay. You’ve been intervening to the max….

It was so serious that Kuro also stopped moving about the same time. It’s a chance for me to attack, but I also feel like I want to clutch my head, so for now let’s have a little ceasefire.

『But, I am sure that it would be hard to immediately accept what I said, so if you have any questions then I shall accept them.』

Perhaps it was because Kuro and I both froze, but D showed us a fragment of kindness. I’d rather you have taken that kindness, and used it in a way that didn’t make things worse.

「You said that Taboo was handed out to the whole of humanity, right?」 『Yes.』

Ah, Kuro clutched his head. Well yeah, that would make you want to clutch your head. Even for me Taboo was quite painful mentally, so wouldn’t that mean that out in the world things have gone to hell by now?

「Taboo is a type of skill as well, so where did the energy for that come from?」

Ah! Now that you mention it, that’s right! Taboo is a type of skill after all, so an appropriate amount of energy should be required for it. To actually distribute it to the whole of humanity, should require a colossal amount of energy. The energy remaining in this world can’t be used on something like that, surely!

『Rest assured. It is something that I provided myself.』

Phew. That’s a relief for now…. A relief? Provided myself? D of all people, intentionally used her energy, for the sake of this world?

『Then again, while I said that I provided it, this energy originally came from this world though.』

While resolving my doubt, D made a bombshell announcement. It was energy that was from this world originally? Where the heck did that energy come from?

『It was from the explosion that led to the creation of the reincarnators.』

……She’s able to read my thoughts after all, isn’t she? She herself said in the past that she could no longer read my thoughts after I became a god, but…… Well, nevermind. What’s more important, is the origin of that energy. Talking of the explosion that led to the creation of the reincarnators, must be referring to the one that occurred in the classroom on Earth. The one perpetrated by the Hero from two generations ago and the Demon King from one generation ago. Due to that the amount of energy in this world plunged, and the reincarnators who got caught up in it all ended up reincarnated in this world. However, it was an attack launched in order to kill D, or to be precise an administrator. Wouldn’t all of that energy have been consumed by the attack itself?

『Do you not find it strange that an attack intended to kill an administrator, who was in fact a god, only had enough force to blow away a single classroom?』

……Now that you mention it. It was an attack designed to kill god, an administrator. If you were told that such a thing merely had enough force to blow up a single classroom, it would indeed feel odd. That much force, couldn’t even kill a Alaba class dragon for example, let alone a god. Yet at the same time, because of that attack the amount of energy stored in this world drastically decreased. The force of the attack and the amount of energy consumed are out of proportion.

『In other words, I collected the energy that made up the difference, and preserved it.』

Ah, Kuro just stumbled. Well, it’s understandable that he’d feel a bit dizzy you know. It’s regarding the attack on D perpetrated by the Hero from two generations ago and the Demon King from one generation ago. Originally that was intended to reach Kuro though, but because the Goddess Sariel redirected it at D, various things like the reincarnators being born in this world and the huge slump in energy occurred. And guess what, regarding all that, Kuro sure seemed to feel profusely responsible for it. And so it’d be no surprise for him to be shocked at being told – guess what, D secretly collected all that energy.

However, this is quite good news. Okay it might not be all of it, but still a portion of the lost energy has been returned back to this world. Let’s just… ignore the bit about it turning into Taboo. At that moment, Kuro suddenly gasped as if he’d realised something.

「Wait! You said the whole of humanity right!? If the System collapsed in this state, what would happen to humanity!? Taboo is also a skill, right!?」

Ah. Yeah, there’s that. Taboo is a skill. The moment the System collapses, the skills of not just humanity, but all the living creatures in this world will be ripped out. We had calculated that approximately half of all humanity would then die from the shock from that. Those who simply die might be the fortunate ones, as some of them will experience the collapse of their soul as well. And finally, the more skills a person has the higher their chance of dying becomes. With Taboo also being a skill, the added extra burden means that……

『Naturally, more humans will end up dying.』

Naturally! Ah, Kuro fell on his knees. Yeah… well, umm, live strong.

『There is nothing to worry about, all you have to do is win and prevent the System from collapsing.』

Wait. That basically means I would lose though. If you say that then wouldn’t Kuro be going all gung-ho!

『Ahh, that’s right. Supposing that you do in fact win, please rest assured that I shall not retaliate.』

Kuro suddenly raises his head.

「But, what about the fact that you would never forgive someone who harms your kin.」 『While I might have said that I will make her my kin, a formal pledge on that has not been made. In short, although she is tentatively my kin, she is not actually my kin.』

Er, mm. Well, yeah. There is no relationship between D and myself at all yet.

『If she dies in obscurity here, that is the end of it. It would simply mean, that she was not worthy of being my kin.』

SNAP! …No, huh? As if I, huh? Particularly, huh? Wanted to become, huh? D’s kin, huh? I never, huh? Yeah, never, huh! Said anything like that, huh? So, huh? That’s why I’m pissed off, huh? Heh, heheheh. Now you’ve said it. Heh-hohohoh…. In conclusion, I absolutely cannot lose.

So now we both have more reasons why we absolutely cannot lose. Once again I square off against Kuro.

「My future concerns have gone. I have nothing against you personally. Rather, I have more things to be grateful to you about. However, even so, I must defeat you.」

Opposing Kuro who has renewed his declaration of intent, I silently beckon him to come at me.

「Here I come!」

And so, our battle has resumed.

『Make sure to entertain me.』

…with a certain Evil God watching over us as a spectator. Awkward!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41: S41 Final Battle 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Zerg rush!

Author’s comments: I, I got to experience this thing called a weekend off for once.

Balto’s perspective.

「If I could truly call myself a loyal retainer of the Demon King, then I suppose I would have to stop you.」

Before departing, the 5th Army commander Darado said that in a somber sounding voice.

「……It appears that I could not become a loyal retainer of the Demon King.」

Darado had said that in a sad voice. The army commanders had never been a united block of course. On the one hand, with Sanatoria at the forefront, there were commanders who attempted to form a rebellion, and on the other hand there were commanders like Hyuui who had their will broken by the Demon King and were obedient. However, what was shared amongst the natural born demon commanders was that almost none of them were truly loyal to the Demon King from the bottom of their hearts. Not even Argnar the 1st Army commander, and, not even I, had pledged our loyalty to the Demon King. Unless we obeyed, the demons would be destroyed. Thus, we had no choice but to obey.

Amongst all us natural born demon commanders, Darado alone was loyal from the heart. In Darado’s household there is a tradition of having a deep belief in the Demon King. While he was born in such a household, it was during an era when there was no Demon King. I can’t even imagine his feelings when while yearning to be able to serve the Demon King, he finally earned the right to become an army commander, his dearest wish. However, I’m certain that his faithfulness was true at least.

But even Darado was not permitted to join the line of battle together with the Demon King. In the end, the ones that the Demon King brought to the elf village, were only the army commanders that she herself had appointed. Darado’s faithfulness never reached the Demon King. When the World Quest was announced, the Demon King’s true objective was revealed, and the Demon King headed towards the final battle.

「I shall take responsibility for the maintenance of public order in the demon territories. You may go.」

And so, Darado, stuck between his faithfulness to the Demon King and his duty as a demon nobleman, decided that he would not participate in this battle. As he himself said, if he was a loyal retainer of the Demon King, then the correct option would be for him to stop us who had chosen to oppose the Demon King. However, Darado is also a noble who has responsibility over the people in his fief. He surely couldn’t allow them to simply die. Having said that, it was perfectly clear that he could not take up arms against the Demon King either.

I cannot blame Darado for his half-hearted choice. In advance of my departure to get in contact with the humans, I entrusted the task of preparing for the expedition to Sanatoria, telling her to only attempt to gather soldiers who had the will to fight. Our opponent is the Demon King. Those who fight, will surely die. In what you know will be a battle to the death, bringing soldiers who are reluctant will simply get in the way. Despite that, the number of demon soldiers who assembled… was more than I had expected.

「There sure are a lot.」

「Indeed, there are.」

In response to my frank assessment, Sanatoria gave a languid reply. Indeed, the other unexpected development was… that Sanatoria was also here.

「I had expected you to remain in the demon territories.」

「……Actually, I’m in the middle of regretting that I came here.」

While giving a resigned sigh, Sanatoria indicated that she won’t try to escape anymore.

「You know, I was a world-famous actress it seems.」

「You looked at your reincarnation history?」

「Given your reaction, you too then?」

「Yeah.」

The reincarnation history in Taboo. It showed your personal history of what kinds of reincarnations you had been through until now. Or maybe it would be better to say that it revived the memories that had been carved into your soul. On choosing one of your previous lives, you recall your memories of that time. I chose the memories of the first person, and recalled that, but even just that had a huge amount recorded. When I recalled all those memories in an instant, I received a shock like I felt that my head was about to burst. Fortunately though, I only felt a light dizziness, and it wasn’t enough to make me collapse. Since just one memory was enough to do that, it would likely be dangerous to recall all the memories. The reason why I came away relatively unscathed, was probably because I have the Record skill. It may be that the reason why this skill exists despite nearly all skills within the System being combat related, is actually for this particular reason.

「There were also many movies in which I was the lead role you know?」

「That’s amazing.」

「However, none of my performances remain anywhere.」

Books and similar recording mediums deteriorate remarkably quickly due to the activity of the System. It is just about possible to preserve books by copying them, but that doesn’t work with movies and the like. Not a single fragment of Sanatoria’s work as an actress from her first life remains anywhere in this world.

「I was incredibly frustrated when I died, you know. When I look at that memory, I start wondering what my life has been for, and suddenly I felt miserable. That’s why I felt that I mustn’t run away any more.」

「……I see.」

「What about you?」

「Me huh?」

「Since I’m talking about these sorts of things, isn’t it unfair for you not to do the same?」

「You’re the one who started talking about it one-sidedly though.」

「It’s no big deal right?」

With a sigh of regret, I adjusted the glasses on my face.

「I was royalty from a moderately sized country.」

「Eh? You were a prince?」

「You could say that. But, since the parliament ran the country, I had no real power though.」

Unlike now when I’ve been managing the government of the demon territories, in those days I had no real power at all. All I had were my obligations as royalty. It was a stifled life.

「However, I loved my homeland and the people living there.」

That country no longer exists.

「Therefore, this time for sure, I want to protect my country.」

Even if I have to repay the kindness that was received with ingratitude. Even if I have to die.

When I gaze ahead, the ground is covered with black crawling figures. All of them are spider monsters. And, the gigantic monster in their center is it – the Queen Taratekt. Even though there was still a considerable distance between us, that overwhelming and imposing form drives terror into your heart. I could hear the sound of someone gulping audibly. Or perhaps it was myself who made that sound.

Above the heads of the Tarateks, thick clouds began to gather. And then…

A roar of thunder.

A violent rain of lightning strikes towards the Queen Taratekt. That was the signal for the start of battle.

As if the ground itself was moving, the Taratekt swarm advances towards us like waves.

「Prepare the great magic! Raise shields!」

I shout.

「Not yet! Not yet! Bring them closer!」

The impending waves. A huge swarm that produces visceral disgust.

「Fire!」

At my signal, from all over the allied forces, great magic is fired. They mow down the looming Taratekt swarm. However, the Taratekts following behind them step over the ones mowed down.

「Second barrage! Fire!」

However, this is still within expectations. Great magic is fired after a delay. Even so, the Taratekt swarm continues to advance. It is likely only a matter of time before those that have avoided the great magic reach the vanguard who have their shields raised.

「Do not falter! Each individual is weak! Do not panic and deal with them calmly!」

I can’t imagine that this swarm fears death. However, the same could be said for us.

「Bet your lives! For the future of the demons!」

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.2: S41 Final Battle 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Tactics vs tactics.

Author’s comments: Demon King Ariel’s perspective.

「The Queen has begun her battle.」

With Clairvoyance activated, I observe the battle. Even if I have gotten weak, using a skill of this level is no burden at all.

「Are you going to call the other Queen here?」

「Nah. I’ll watch over things for now, then I’ll Summon it at an appropriate time.」

「Will it be okay?」

「Well, more or less.」

Unlike Clairvoyance and such, the Summoning skill places a heavy burden. After using Summoning once, I need to take a rest afterwards. I’ve already finished Summoning my primary subordinates such as the Queens and Puppets so that’s fine, but since the battle has already started, I’ll probably only be able to perform Summoning on a subordinate once as an emergency measure. I’ll need to carefully judge when to draw the line.

「Summoning sure is convenient.」

「That’s right Sophia-chan, you can call Merazofis-kun and so on too.」

Merazofis-kun, and incidentally Waldo-kun. Because those two are considered to be Sophia-chan’s kin, it is possible for her to use Summoning to call them any time. Since unlike me Sophia-chan isn’t weakened, there’s almost no limit. MP is still consumed though.

「That a Summoned subordinate can call more subordinates by Summoning in turn, sure stinks of cheating though.」

「Well, yeah.」

Right now, most of the Taratekt swarm fighting above ground are those newly Summoned by the Queen. The Summoned subordinates call further subordinates in turn, and if those subordinates have additional subordinates then it’s possible for even them to be Summoned. That’s how that army was called forth. Just with my Summoning of the Queen, it was possible to call up an army, basically. Of course, the amount of MP consumed is in proportion to that though, so the Queen’s MP needs to be replenished. In addition, if I Summoned the Queen here, instead of making the Queen do further Summoning, it’s likely that it would be better for the Queen to use the MP for combat. After all, the Queen herself would have greater combat strength than any Summoned rabble.

「Well, in the sense of it being cheating, I think vampires are a far greater cheat than I am though.」

Vampires can recruit subordinates indefinitely. By sucking someone’s blood, they can turn others into vampires regardless of whether they’re enemies or allies. The first Demon King Foddway used that method to mass produce vampires, pushing humanity to practically the brink of extinction. When it comes to “the violence of numbers”, vampires are many times more terrifying.

「If you wanted to Sophia-chan, you could do that too you know?」

「No way. Having Merazofis alone as my kin is enough for me.」

……Waldo-kun, you’ve been completely forgotten. Well, in Sophia-chan’s case she likely hates the idea of putting rabble on the same level as Merazofis-kun. It’s not like I don’t understand how she feels. If you were willing to stop at nothing then it would be better to mass produce vampires, but it’s a different thing to force someone to do it huh.

「Hrm. Putting that aside, the ones facing the Queen are that wind and lightning pair from before huh.」

When I used Clairvoyance to check the state of the battle, I saw that the Queen was fighting with two elder dragons. It’s that combo of a Wind Dragon and a Lightning Dragon that Wrath-kun drove back the other day. From what I can tell, it seems that the wounds inflicted on them by Wrath-kun have already been healed. Because Wind Dragons are the type to really shine when it comes to outdoor openair battles, I can understand them battling with the Queen here. Lightning Dragons are the type to recklessly charge in with all their power, so perhaps the strategy is to use that all up here? Since he’d likely fail to restrain himself inside the Elro Great Labyrinth, he’s liable to run out of energy inside anyway. These two are stupidly eager and the Lighting Dragon is a genuine idiot, but their strength is the real deal.

「……Taking on two ancient dragons sure is tough.」

I guess it’s a matter of time until the Queen gets beaten huh. At the best of times it would be difficult for even a mighty Queen to take on two ancient dragons. On top of that, the Queen is currently weaker than in her heyday. It’s all Shiro-chan’s fault you know! It’s Shiro-chan’s fault for using her Parallel Wills to encroach her mind you know! Against a single ancient dragon she’d likely still win, but against two it sure is tough. That can’t be helped. It can’t be helped, but……

「Where did the other ancient dragons go?」

I’m worried that the other ancient dragons can’t be seen anywhere. If they simply wanted to break through the Queen, it would be easy enough if all the ancient dragons attacked together. Instead, they’re not appearing and everything is being left to the wind and lightning pair.

「Perhaps they have already invaded the Elro Great Labyrinth or something?」

「I can’t say it’s impossible, but I haven’t received any reports to the contrary though.」

My kin have already been deployed throughout the entire Elro Great Labyrinth. Even if the enemy used Teleport or a secret path to enter the Elro Great Labyrinth, they should get caught in that surveillance net at some point. So far, nothing has been caught. Even if there was someone amongst the enemy who could use Teleport, then they can only Teleport to places where the caster has gone before. As far as I know, apart from Earth Dragon Gakia who protected this lowest layer, none of the ancient dragons have ever set foot in this area. And of course, no humans have ever set foot in this place either. After all, humanity has rarely even approached the middle layer, let alone the lowest layer. Even if there was an invasion by Teleport, it would be limited to the upper layer. And on that upper layer, there are powerful support troops left behind by Shiro-chan. If someone tough enough to drive back those kids had invaded, it would be ridiculous for it to go unnoticed.

「But, there’s something odd about this huh.」

There’s gotta be some plan behind this. Things like this, are a sign that something bad is about to happen. As if to support that premonition, a report from my kin came via Telepathy.

「What happened? Eh? Water?」

The thought that I received via Telepathy was… water. While I was tilting my head in confusion, the Telepathy was suddenly broken off.

「Is there something wrong?」

「I’m not sure, but something has definitely happened.」

The member of my kin that had sent the Telepathy was one that had been deployed on the upper layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth. I activate Clairvoyance at its location. To determine what happened to it.

「Ah.」

Then, I let out that foolish sound.

「Wh, what the heck has that bastard done!?」

What I had seen there, was something beyond my imagination. A huge amount of water is surging through the upper layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth.

「Is this something crazy like inundation tactics!?」

Spreading out on the upper layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth, was sea water surging in from the sea.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.3: S41 Final Battle 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It’s a suicide mission but someone’s gotta do it.

Author’s comments: Water Dragon Iena’s perspective (first appearance)

Along with a large volume of flowing water, I proceeded through the upper layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth in the form of a mermaid. Good grief, just how did things end up this way. When I think back on the sequence of events that led to this, I get a headache.

「We shall use inundation tactics.」

At the advance meeting, when Dustin put out that plan the room suddenly became very still. Since even I could sense the mood in the room despite my many years without human contact, I’m sure everyone there had the exact same thought. In short, “what is this guy saying?”

「Umm, that’s, basically…」

Perhaps he sensed the mood, as Fire Dragon Guen began to speak falteringly. Guen is a coward despite being a show-off, but at a time like this he can be appreciated for taking the initiative to show leadership.

「Dustin, are you intending to make the Elro Great Labyrinth collapse?」

And Guen spoke for everyone when he said that.

The Elro Great Labyrinth connects one continent with another, a labyrinth that was built underground. Naturally, a sea lies between the two continents, meaning that it is below the seafloor. Considering the scale of the Elro Great Labyrinth, what Dustin calls inundation tactics means nothing more than opening a hole in the seafloor, then letting the seawater pour through.

Yes, yes, it’s true! If all you wanted to do was attack the enemy then it would be an effective option. If all you wanted to do was attack!

However, the Elro Great Labyrinth exists in a delicate balance. The first Ruler of Sloth spent an entire lifetime creating that labyrinth. In other words, it is a manmade object. Then open a huge hole in that unnatural place and let a huge volume of water flow in. Does this supposedly wise human representative not realise what would happen? Has he spent too many years overusing his brain and it has now started to hatch maggots?

「Have you forgotten our objective? We have to bring the Ruler skill holders to the innermost place on the lowest layer of the Elro Great Labyrinth, right? If the vital Elro Great Labyrinth collapses, then that can’t be achieved surely.」

Guen sighs with his arms folded. If you make a hole in the ceiling of the Elro Great Labyrinth, it wouldn’t be surprising if the collapse started from there and brought the rest down. In the first place it is built from a huge cavity below the seafloor. If the upper layer collapses, the middle layer, the lower layer and even our destination at the lowest layer could collapse and be buried.

「If it collapses then we shall deal with it then. We simply have to dig it up.」 「Dig it up……? It’s not so simple…….」 「You can do it, surely?」 「Hrm.」

Dustin asserts that awfully plainly. As Guen falteringly acknowledged, with the power of us ancient dragons, it is surely not impossible. However, without Earth Dragon Gakia it will sure take a huge amount of effort.

「Our enemy is the Ariel-sama. If we compare fighting Ariel-sama directly, to digging up something that has been buried, it is simple to tell which one is easier.」

Guen sinks into silence without even managing to groan. Because he became unable to offer an objection.

「Despite appearances, Ariel-sama is a sensible person. She would surely not imagine that we would resort to such drastic measures as inundation tactics. Which is exactly why we will do so.」

He has always been a man who would use every trick in the book, but isn’t this completely over the top? This is exactly what is meant by to not care about appearances.

「The nexus of the System where Sariel-sama is would surely not be broken just by being buried. If we are going to do it, then we should go in with the intent to destroy the Elro Great Labyrinth.」

At the moment I acutely felt a horrible premonition. Indeed, after all, what needs to be done is in my domain.

「So there we have it, Water Dragon Iena-sama. Please take care of it.」

Thus I am now here.

The wild monsters that grow everywhere in the upper layer, as well as the spider monsters that are thought to be Ariel’s kin are washed away all at once. While riding that stream of water, I plunge forwards with my kin the Water Dragons and Water Drakes. Through the water, comes a large tremor. It seems that somewhere has collapsed. Right now, only a small amount of water is flowing in, but if it is left alone then the amount will continue to increase. At any rate, it’s directly connected to the sea. The flowing water current will demolish the pillars and walls of the Elro Great Labyrinth, causing it to lose its support. Now then, will the upper level get flooded first, or will it collapse first? What a nasty game of chicken.

Dammit, for a scumbag, he sure is annoying. After all, he can calmly order someone and their kin to “go die”.

Putting aside myself, only a few of my kin will survive after being buried alive. On top of that, our opponents will also realise that things will be bad unless they stop us. In short, Ariel will definitely take some kind of measures in order to stop me. That scumbag, despite saying one thing with his mouth, I doubt he expects the Elro Great Labyrinth to actually collapse. He surely thinks that I will likely be stopped by Ariel.

Dammit, I hate this. My role might as well be to smash someone in the nose and then to inquire how they feel. And in the meantime, to reduce their military strength by as much as possible. Our survival isn’t even being considered. What a cruel situation.

Well, I was told by my Master Gyurie-sama to obey Dustin, so it can’t be helped. Besides, I doubt us dragons will even be able to live in this world without the System. Including monsters, there are many living creatures who will lose the ability to keep living in their current environments without skills. Also, given the fact that Taboo wasn’t handed out to us, that means we are not included in the “human” category. If the System is a device made in order to keep humans and this world alive, then I doubt that those of us who are not included in that category will get any consideration. So if we’re going to lose the ability to live if the worst happens, I guess we might as well bet our lives here. The other ancient dragons probably also feel the same. Well… maybe except that foolish younger sister of mine, Ice Dragon Nier.

Now then. It appears that I am finally going to receive a welcoming committee.

The Taratekt species has been washed away without managing to put up any decent resistance, but these white spider monsters are different. They were called the Remnants of the Nightmare or something. It appears that they believe that they can entertain me.

However.

「Do you really believe that the likes of you can actually stop me? I sure am being underestimated.」

It is time for you to realise the power of the one who rules the oceans.

Water Dragon Iena: An ancient dragon with an unexpectedly sharp tongue. Generally found in the sea, managing it so that even by mistake humanity can never reach the other side of the sea where the ruined land is. Her natural form is that of an Eastern style dragon about 200m in length. Since that form would of course not fit into the Elro Great Labyrinth, she is fighting in the form of a mermaid. Mostly like she won’t ever get a scene where she can reveal her natural form.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.4: S41 Final Battle 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Excellent brats of the counterattack.

Author’s comments: Water Dragon Iena’s perspective continued.

「What’s with this lot?」

Nobody warned me they were this strong. These Remnants of the Nightmare that I’m in combat with, are far stronger than I had imagined.

In defiance of the flowing water, they spread webs all over the ground and walls, using them as a platform for attacking us. Even if I try to use the water current to wash away the threads they don’t even budge an inch. In addition, if you get caught up in those threads you immediately become unable to move. My subordinates are becoming victims one after another like that.

It seems that I better consider each one to be capable of taking on a lower level dragon. And there’s swarms of them. You damn monsters, how dare you get so strong.

It is difficult for monsters to become strong. Which isn’t surprising, since monsters are something that humans need to kill after all. The foundation of the System is to train humans, then to recover the energy from that training. In that sense, monsters are stalking horses. It is certainly true that on occasion humans will be defeated by monsters and die, but monsters couldn’t be allowed to become strong enough to destroy humanity. For that reason, the amount of experience points and proficiency that monsters can earn is adjusted to be less than what humans get.

The exception to that, is the reincarnator who was reincarnated as a monster – the person called Shiro who is one of the masterminds of this incident, surely did not have that shackle. While it would be one thing for those like us who have lived for a great deal of time, normally it would be impossible for some random monster to gain enough power to surpass us within just a few years of being born. If that’s the case, then it’s possible that these Remnants of the Nightmare that are effectively her kin, don’t have that shackle applied to them either. Either way, it is unusual for them to have gotten so strong. However…

「Did you really think that you would be able to stop me with just the strength of a lower level dragon?」

The current of water strikes out. What if the threads can’t be ripped off from the ground and the walls? In that case, I just need to wash them away together with the ground and walls. Engulf everything with water, and submerge it. Then, once they are underwater they have no way to resist. My water flows into their bodies, making them explode from the inside. If they have a mouth then starting from there. If they respire then starting from their respiratory organs. So long as they are living creatures, they cannot prevent my water from invading. Given all this, perhaps this is why I am called the cruellest amongst the ancient dragons?

Perhaps the Remnants of the Nightmare sensed their disadvantage, as they began to retreat. Do you think I’ll let you escape? Already more than half the upper layer has been submerged. And, it is also beginning to collapse. If things continue at this rate then the upper layer itself will collapse, and it will become a matter of time before the accumulated water surges into the middle layer. Water and magma. An extreme temperature difference. That gives me a really bad feeling. The collapse of the upper floor – that implies the collapse of the entire Elro Great Labyrinth iself. If that happened, I wonder if he really intends to dig it up? Well, no matter what Dustin’s expectations are, I shall just carry out my role.

There’s a reaction from Danger Perception.

At once I twist my body. At the place where my head had been until a moment ago, a blade passes through. I don’t waste my time slowly confirming the situation. I drive my water towards the owner of that blade. However, that water froze in an instant.

「「Damn!」」

My opponent and I both click our tongues. A battle between water and ice. The result of that, can already be seen in how the water is being frozen over. The water in this place is being frozen rapidly. I quickly change the lower half of my body into human form as well, and jump out of the water. Immediately following that, the water is completely frozen over. If I had stayed there any longer, I’d probably have been frozen over by now.

I stare at my enemy, who is floating in the air so as to not touch the ice. A girl wielding a large sword. Sophia Keren. One of the exceptional people fighting under Ariel’s banner. It seems that even for Ariel, she had no choice but to quickly deploy one of her trump cards in a situation like this.

「I had intended to bring you down with that just now, but you’re pretty good.」 「As if something like that would be enough to bring me down – I sure am being undervalued huh.」

While exchanging words, neither of us fail to overlook the slightest movement of the other. During that time, new water flows into the upper layer, and begins to freeze. That ice becomes a support pillar, stopping the collapse of the upper floors.

Ahh, I see. Dustin anticipated this didn’t he.

With this development I now get it. From Ariel’s point of view, if the Elro Great Labyrinth was about to collapse, she would have no choice but to stop it. Dustin had said that the nexus of the System where the Goddess Sariel is would be safe, but there was no guarantee was there. In addition, if a way existed to stop this situation, the only options would be either Ariel herself or the dispatch of this Sophia. In other words, you could say that the opponent who matches me is this Sophia huh.

My chances of winning, seems to be bad… While facing against me, the water that has filled the upper layer is gradually but solidly being frozen over. Based on this, the difference in ability between me and her is clear. After all, in the battle of water versus ice, I am completely losing.

That being said, if she is doing things on such a scale, then it would cause a suitable amount of exhaustion. From this I can deduce that my optimum strategy is to…

「I’ll finish this immediately!」 「Don’t be like that – let’s dance.」

…buy time. Already the seafloor and the upper layer are linked together, and whether I do anything or not water will keep flowing in. In order to prevent the upper layer from collapsing, it is necessary for Sophia to keep freezing that water. Most likely, unless she is able to freeze over the entire upper layer, she has no way to stop this. While doing continuous hit and run tactics, I’ll lure my enemy into exhausing herself. Even if it means that I won’t win. I can hold down the military strength known as Sophia. Make her exhausted. There is value in that.

「Let’s dance! Forever and ever!」 「How impudent!」

Until I use up all my strength, you’ll accompany me won’t you?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.5: S41 Final Battle 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mob Hero’s first world problems.

Author’s comments: Shun’s perspective.

There’s intermittent earth tremors, and the sounds accompanying them. I involuntarily raise my head, looking up.

「Don’t worry. Even if the upper layer collapses down, we shall protect you.」

Perhaps because I was rather too concerned about what was going on above, Fire Dragon Guen-san told me that to reassure me.

「S, sorry.」 「Oh, there’s nothing to apologise for. It’s inevitable for those with human bodies to be afraid of a battle on this scale.」

When I apologised in shame, Guen-san kindly told me that. I’m not the only one who is concerned about what is going on above. Those accompanying us – Katia and Sue, even Ronant-sama, also sometimes turn to gaze above with a severe expression. What we’re feeling are not just earth tremors and the sounds. It’s the truly overwhelming sense of power flowing from the two people fighting there.

The battle between Water Dragon Iena-san and Sophia has begun. In the upper layer, above us in the middle layer.

I know just how wide the Elro Great Labyrinth is, as I also went through it during my journey to the elf village. Whether it’s to be able to submerge such a vast labyrinth, or to be able to defend against the surging water by freezing it all – both actions feel so large in scale that it doesn’t seem real. But, such things are happening during this battle. Once again, I am forced to realise just how utterly useless my own strength will be in this battle. My duty… is simply to aim for the innermost place of the bottom layer, while being protected by Guen-san and co.

We are currently riding on the back of Guen-san in dragon form after entering the middle layer. This is after a hole was opened from the seafloor to the upper layer and seawater started flowing in. Taking advantage of that chaos, we came to a place right next to an entrance to the middle floor using Ronant-sama’s Teleport, and since then we’ve been riding along on Guen-san’s back. Iena-san has become a decoy. The way in which Iena-sana has submerged the upper layer is an excessively grand distraction. In short, the real action is here.

「Iena-san will be okay, right?」

I watch the battle between Iena-san and Sophia by activating Clairvoyance. Their attacks and avoids are just so intense, that I can’t even tell what’s what. Their speed is so fast that it’s hard simply to follow for a start, and each of their attacks are so big in scale that I can’t tell which are the feints and which are the real attacks. Most likely, even with a slow-motion replay, I’d probably still need someone’s commentary to be able to understand their battle. That’s just how sophisticated the battle was. I can’t even figure out who has the advantage.

「She’s going to lose.」 「Eh!?」

Darkness Dragon Reise-san declared that indifferently. While predicting the defeat of a comrade, he had a slight smile on his face. His attitude was somehow composed. Does this mean that… even if she loses that they have some plan for her then? Some plan that means she can survive without any damage? However.

「Well, of all of us, Iena has the most guts. I’m sure she fully understands her duty. So she’ll buy us plenty of time until her death I’m sure.」

Reise-san casually denied my expectations. I was dumbfounded by Reise-san’s attitude. Your comrade is about to die, but you’re being so casual about it?

「Reise.」

Perhaps he felt the same as me, as Guen-san called out Reise-san’s name as if chiding him.

「Guen. Iena shall accomplish her own duty through death. That being the case, don’t you think that we who are proud of her should send her off with a smile that says “well done”?」 「Ugh……」

Guen-san was silenced by Reise-san’s words. Likewise for me – I felt shame at having thought of Reise-san as being a cold-hearted person. It was the opposite. This person has an arrogant attitude about him, but it seems that in his heart he has resolved himself to an extreme degree.

「That being the case, for us to accomplish our duty, is itself the best possible gift we can send off Iena with.」

Otherwise, I doubt he’d be able to speak such words.

「Indeed. Quite so.」

It has just been a few days since I met the ancient dragons. While I have only known them for a short time, I can tell that all the ancient dragons are facing this battle with a strong resolve. They are very different to me. That’s exactly why they are reliable.

「Uhhh. So hot. So painful. I want to go home.」

Correction: Just one of them, Ice Dragon Nier-san might be a bit on the unreliable side… Well, I know that it is Nier-san who is suppressing the heat in the middle layer for us. In this middle layer overflowing with magma, we lose our stamina just by being here. It’s particularly bad for Katia since she has lost most of her skills in order to acquire Chastity. Simply being in the middle layer could kill a person. It is Nier-san who is mitigating against that. The heat of the middle layer is being neutralised thanks to the cold air that Ice Dragon Nier-san is giving off, and so we can be here without taking damage. I’m grateful to her, but I can’t help but think “is this person really going to be okay – she’s even more heat sensitive than we are”.

「Nier. Straighten up. We’re about to reach our target site.」

Guen-san said that as if exasperated, while looking straight ahead. Our target site – where we plan to open a hole to the lower level. Rather than try to pass through the middle layer in a stupidly straightforward manner, we intend to create a shortcut at a point where passages between the middle layer and lower layer overlap each other. While there are shafts that directly connect between the upper layer and the lower layer, the Pope’s analysis suggests that in all probability those places will be laid with traps. Most likely, the remaining Queens are lying in wait there. In which case, it is better to avoid them.

For some reason I had been under the impression that the walls of the labyrinth couldn’t be destroyed. That’s a stereotype from games though. However, if you ignore that stereotype, this sort of method becomes possible. But then again, opening a hole is only a simple matter when you have the strength of ancient dragons with you.

「Okay. We’re here.」 「Good. Fortunately the battle above ground seems to have settled down as well. I’ll go pick them up.」

Saying so, Ronant-sama disappeared with Teleport. Him saying that should mean that in the battle above ground with the Queen, that Wind Dragon Hyuvan-san and Lightning Dragon Gouka-san have won. With Ronant-sama able to use Teleport, those two should be able to join us here soon. Teleport sure is quite a cheat.

「Then, until that lot can get here let’s burrow…「I won’t let you」…!?」

At that moment, I couldn’t even tell what had happened. However, when flames hot enough to burn my eyes suddenly gushed out, I instinctively closed my eyes, and by the time I opened them again we had been thrown off Guen-san’s back and onto the floor of the middle layer.

「Ugh!」

Even while groaning, in order to determine the situation, I stood up while looking around. Which is when I noticed that there was a man here confronting Guen-san.

「Kyouya!」

That man… was Kyouya.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.6: S41 Final Battle 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Suddenly the name “ancient dragon” feels a bit flimsy.

Author’s comments: Fire Dragon Guen’s perspective

Oh shit!? I, I actually took a surprise attack of all things! Are the humans riding on my back okay!? They’ve not fallen into the magma have they!? On looking around for them in a panic, I found that the humans had been fortunate enough to land on a place with solid ground. That’s a relief, but now’s not the time for that!

Facing me is a swordsman with a sword in each hand. While he looks very similar to a human, there are two horns growing from his forehead. Considering his appearance, he must be the one called Wrath, one of Ariel’s comrades. He is an opponent that even the pair of Wind Dragon Hyuvan and Lightning Dragon Gouka lost against him together. Gouka is a simple idiot, so for him to lose could be just one of those things, but Hyuvan is a powerful warrior and amongst the fastest of the ancient dragons. I don’t really want to admit it… but Hyuvan is surely better than me. My opponent is one that even Hyuvan and Gouka together couldn’t beat. While having to guard the humans at the same time, is it even possible for me to win?

「Kyouya!」

One of the humans, the Hero kid, calls out.

「……Shun, so you did come.」

「Yeah.」

「Then, I’ll show no mercy.」

「!」

Even while talking to the Hero kid, Wrath didn’t show any openings to me. If he had shown even the slightest opening then I would have sprung at him in an instant.

「Wait!」

「I won’t wait. The time for discussion has long since passed. Which is why, since you have come here, you are my enemy, and I shall cut you down.」

Immediately following that, countless weapons appeared. Countless magic swords that had been placed inside Space Storage using Space Magic. I’d heard about this Wrath guy’s battle tactics beforehand. Those magic swords are fired, and then explode. And now the points of those magic swords… were aimed at the Hero kid and the two girls accompanying him.

Then a huge number of magic swords were let loose. You bastard! You said you were going to cut him down but that’ll blow him up!

「Humph!」

I manipulate the surrounding magma! The tidal wave of magma swallows up the magic swords. The magic swords explode, scattering magma all around. O, oh no! The humans could die even from the droplets!

「Reise! Evacuate the kids!」

「Sure thing.」

「Eh? Yikes!?」

Reise carries the Hero kid and co behind me, as if they’re running away.

「I won’t let you escape!」

「Your opponent is me!」

I stand in the way of Wrath who is about to release even more magic swords at the kids.

「You might be better than me, but I have the terrain advantage!」

The middle layer is full of fire. In this place I can manifest my strength as a Fire Dragon to the maximum! I gather up all the magma in the area, and throw the torrent at him!

「You shall regret challenging me here!」

The difference in ability between Wrath and I should not be that far apart. With a terrain advantage that difference can be reversed. If there’s something I have to worry about, it’s the Wrath skill. However, if he activates that it’s possible that he’ll lose his sanity, so it’s a double-edged sword. He can’t activate it readily. According to what Hyuvan said, they were routed after Wrath was activated, but because he didn’t give chase that indicates that there might be a time limit on activating it. Most likely, the time during which he can keep his sanity is very short. I’ll make sure to spot the signs of Wrath being activated, and if I can endure that brief activation time, then I can win!

「……Sophia-san, when the time comes, please take care of it.」

The moment when the surge of magma engulfed him, I heard Wrath whisper that. Before I could understand the meaning…

「GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!」

A roar reverberated, such that it felt like your entire body was shaking. The magma burst open. In defiance of the magma that would even reduce bones to nothing, Wrath cut through it and sprang at me.

「GU, GUUHHH!」

By reflex I used my breath attack. However, he ignored even that, coming straight at me! Even though he took a direct hit from my breath! As nothing had happened at all, he didn’t even slow down in the slightest! T, that’s insane!

A charge that felt so fast that even my Thought Acceleration couldn’t keep up with it. Facing a blade imminently approaching my neck, I quickly use my claws to intercept. The blade and my claws crash into each other, scattering sparks. Even that lasts just an instant, as my claws are torn to pieces, and I endure the eerie feeling of having a foreign object sink into my body. It still doesn’t stop and the blade pushes forwards, towards my head……

「Ah!?」

Before I knew it, I was looking up at the ceiling of the middle layer. I quickly put my hands around my neck. It’s there. It’s still attached. But, but, just now it was……

「Thank goodness……」

I heard a voice, and at least realised that the Hero kid was there right next to me.

「What, happened to me?」

「You had died. Then you were resurrected by the Hero-kun’s Kindness.」

Reise stood next to the Hero kid. I hadn’t noticed that at all either. I’m too shaken up.

However, perhaps that was somewhat inevitable. To think, I would actually die? Me?

When my body felt like it was about to tremble, I just about managed to suppress it with my insignificant pride.

「Where is that guy?」

「Since Hyuvan and Gouka hastened here, they’re currently in combat with him.」

「I see.」

Exhorting my body that seems about to tremble, I stand up.

「You have my thanks, Hero.」

「This is all I can do though.」

「Don’t be so humble. I am grateful that you were able to do that.」

As I see it, Hyuvan and Gouka would be fighting against Wrath without any hope of winning. I can’t see Nier anywhere, but I doubt that she has actually ran away. Most likely she is in hiding while waiting for the moment to use her special weakening skill on Wrath. However, even that, probably won’t be able to stop Wrath.

「Hero. When we die, please resurrect us again.」

「Y, yes!」

「I’m depending on you.」

To be honest, it’s terrifying to go to my death again. However, we must defeat him here. I hadn’t thought I was taking things lightly. However, he has beaten our expectations.

「GAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!!!」

I had never expected, that with no fear of losing his sanity, that he would actually activate Wrath! I… will die here, probably. No, I will die here repeatedly, probably. Each time, I will be brought back to life, probably. Since being born, I have never faced such a terrifying battle.

Fire Dragon Guen: In dragon form his appearance is that of an archetypal Western dragon. He gives off the attitude of being a mega big shot, but he’s actually just posturing and in his inner thoughts he’s quick to anger and easily scared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.7: S41 Final Battle 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The perspective of the resurrection player while the raid battle goes on around him after the raid boss bugged and activated his special move at the start of combat.

Author’s comments: Shun’s perspective.

「Wheeze! Wheeze!」

My breathing has become rough. My head hurts as if I’m lacking oxygen. And yet, there’s no way that I can rest.

「GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!」

Kyouya howls. Just that alone, is enough to make the atmosphere scream like it’s being ripped apart. I don’t mean metaphorically – Kyouya’s howl is enough to shake the very air itself. In all probability, it induces the effect of Intimidation as well. If I was affected by that, I’d probably become unable to move due to the fear. The reason why I haven’t been… is thanks to the barrier formed due to Katia’s Chastity skill.

『Chastity: n% power capable of reaching the gods. Personal divine area is expanded. Forms an area whereby all forms of harm are prevented. In addition, the W System is surpassed and the the right to interfere with the MA Area is obtained.』

At any rate, the effect of the Chastity skill forms a powerful barrier, it seems. Not limited to just physical and magical effects, it can even obstruct the invisible effects of things such as Intimidation outside those categories – a tremendous barrier that surely deserves to be called an absolute defence. However, even the barrier of Chastity, can only protect us against the secondary effects from this battle.

「Ugh!」

Katia has both hands raised aloft while gritting her teeth, as if holding back the barrier. Right after that, an explosion that shook the ground surrounded the area.

Fire Dragon Guen-san’s breath attack had collided with a Kyouya’s full power strike. And, the result of that was…

「Guhah!」

Guen-san’s huge body… was bisected across the middle. Guen-san collapsed onto the ground while a huge amount of blood spurted out from the wound, and also his mouth.

「Hero.」

「I know! Just a bit more! ……. Done!」

Darkness Dragon Reise-san urged me on, and I completed the revival that I had started work on a while ago.

「Whoah!? I could see the netherworld!」

「If you have the time to make jokes then head out to go die again already.」

「I wasn’t! I’m going though!」

Saying so, Wind Dragon Hyuvan flew off.

「Good. Then let’s go revive Guen.」

「Sure!」

No sooner than Reise-san had said that, he carried Katia and myself under his arms and began to run. Reise-san also has considerably high status values, and in an instant we arrived at the place where Guen-san had been bisected just earlier. I immediately start using the Kindness skill on Guen-san, beginning his revival.

The battle is in a stalemate. The trio of Guen-san, Hyuvan-san and Lightning Dragon Gouka-san are confronting Kyouya, Ice Dragon Nier-san is placing a weakening curse on Kyouya from a hidden place, and when someone is done for I revive them like this. The ones guarding me in the revival role are Reise-san and Katia with her barrier. Before we had left Katia had said “please protect me”, but on the contrary it is Katia who is protecting me. But, I don’t have time to be bothered about that. Without Katia’s barrier, I would likely have been killed just from the secondary effects of this battle.

「Ugh!」

Even now, the magic swords that Kyouya is firing are causing explosions, and the exploding rocks are hitting Katia’s barrier like buckshot. Since I have to focus on reviving, I don’t have the spare capacity to dodge that. In the first place, I don’t even know if I would be able to avoid that even if I was in perfect condition. These are just the secondary effects. This fierce battle, is itself the battle that will decide the fate of this world. Fortunately, having activated Wrath, Kyouya prioritises the enemies in front of him it seems, and doesn’t look towards either Katia or myself. If he had aimed for me because I had the revival role, then I’m sure I’d have been done for at the beginning.

「Despite Byaku taking part, the battle is about even… no, we’re slowly losing ground I guess.」

Reise-san mutters that while observing the progress of the battle. While continuing to revive Guen-san, I raise my head a little.

「Hahhh!」

What I saw there was Sue slashing at Kyouya. In her hands is the sword that I had brought along which is a royal family heirloom. In addition, a small white dragon is coiled around Sue’s body. That small white dragon is in fact, Light Dragon Byaku-san. An ancient dragon who possessed the sword that I had brought along which is a royal family heirloom.

「How long are you going to sulk for eh? Get to work already.」

Back when Reise-san had suddenly said those words directed at me, I was surprised when in response to those words Byaku-san came out from the sword.

「I’m not sulking or something.」

「Sheesh. Just because your favourite Hero died, don’t you think it’s bad for you to abandon your own duty?」

「I’m not abandoning or something.」

「Then get to work.」

Ignoring the rest of us who were dumbfounded, Reise-san and Byaku-san argued back and forth.

「You, girl. I’ll lend my power. You may use it.」

Then Byaku-san nominated Sue, who took the royal family heirloom sword in her hands, and went to the front line. That occurred after the first time I performed a revival on Guen-san. I hadn’t known it, but that so-called royal family heirloom sword, is in fact officially known as the Hero’s Sword, and is special equipment for the Hero or something. Or that Byaku-san was the one managing it apparently.

The previous owner of the Hero’s Sword was Julius-nii-sama, and Hyrinth-san was apparently asked to hand the sword to Leston-nii-sama if anything ever happened to Julius-nii-sama. In turn, Leston-nii-sama entrusted the sword to me. I had never imagined that it would be such a tremendous sword. However, it’s thanks to Julius-nii-sama leaving us that sword that we are currently able to fight. Julius-nii-sama……

It seems that without the Hero the true power of the Hero’s Sword can’t be used. Because of that Sue can’t use that power, but the Hero’s Sword is still incredibly sturdy. So much so that even while locking swords with Kyouya, there’s not a single nick in the blade.

「Ugh!」

Sue cuts her way in with the Hero’s Sword, but Kyouya brushes it aside with brute force. If she had had an ordinary sword, Sue’s body would have been bisected along with the sword, most likely. Just imagining that gives me the shivers. However, that didn’t happen as Sue used the Hero’s Sword to block Kyouya’s slash, and she simply took a few steps backwards without appearing to have taken any damage.

Byaku-san’s abilities seem to be concentrated on support and recovery. With Byaku-san’s support, a buff you could say, Sue’s status values have been boosted enough that she is at least able to exchange blows with Kyouya. In addition, while it is not as much as Sue who is in direct contact, the other ancient dragons have also been buffed by Byaku-san, strengthening them. Not only that, whenever someone gets injured Byaku-san immediately fires off a recovery spell, healing their wounds. It’s like having the pinnacle of support and recovery on your side. However……

「GAAAAAAAHH!!」

Gouka-san was cut up by one of Kyouya’s swords when trying to pounce on him.

「Ugh! D, dammit all…!」

Gouka-san’s body has been bisected. With that, even a recovery expert like Byaku-san can’t treat it. Ancient dragons. These are particularly powerful legendary beings, even amongst the monsters in the mythical class. Excluding Reise-san, there are five of those ancient dragons involved in the battle. Even so, it’s still not enough.

「Hero.」

「I’m… on it!」

I hurry up Guen-san’s revival. Invoking Kindness consumes a large amount of MP. For some time I’ve been using too much MP and am getting dizzy. Even so, there is no way I can stop. If I stopped, no, it’s not just me, if any one part came unstuck then the whole thing would collapse. I was convinced of that.

「You did it!」

Guen-san’s revival was done.

「Gr, hnn. So I was done in again huh.」

Guen-san shook his head lightly while standing up. Then, he promptly returned to the front lines.

「Then let’s go.」

「Sure!」

We are carried under Reise-san’s arms again, heading to where Gouka-san is. During that time I took some MP recovery medicine from my pocket, downing it all. My MP recovers. However, the amount is far from enough for a full recovery. Even though it is a value MP recovery medicine, the recovery amount is small and fixed. It’s better than nothing, basically. If instead the amount was percentage based rather than fixed, I think it would be better, but unfortunately such a convenient medicine doesn’t exist.

We finally reach Gouka-san’s location, and I start the revival. I feel uneasy about my MP. If any one part became unstuck, this equilibrium which we’ve somehow maintained until now will collapse. Also, probably the first part to become unstuck, will be my MP running out. Please. Before that happens, end this fight. I’m angry at myself for only being able to cheer on everyone fighting. However, even if I get angry at myself there’s nothing I can do about my own powerlessness. In addition, there’s no sign that the battle will turn in our favour either.

「GAAAAAAAHH!!」

That’s just how overpowered Kyouya is.

Ancient dragon power ranking: Water Dragon Eina　＞　Wind Dragon Hyuvan　＞　Earth Dragon Gakia　＞　Ice Dragon Nier　＞　Fire Dragon Guen　＞　Lightning Dragon Gouka.

Support specialist: Light Dragon Byaku. Special category: Darkness Dragon Reise.

Water Dragon Eina: If the enemy can breathe they’ll die by drowning, if a hole can be opened then water will be sent in through there and they’ll be destroyed from the inside – all sorts of nasty tricks are available. Despite that all her status values are high, and their total value is second only to Gouka.

Wind Dragon Hyuvan: Can not only control the weather, can also manipulate atmospheric pressure to confuse the enemy. The fastest ancient dragon. Despite his subordinate like attitude he’s surprisingly strong.

Earth Dragon Gakia: Is deceased so an ex-dragon. Defensive abilities were extraordinary, enough that even the other ancient dragons would struggle to damage him.

Ice Dragon Nier: Able to change the entire surrounding region into an area of extreme cold and a cursed ground, and despite having excellent defensive abilities, specialises in a nasty way of fighting of slowly grinding down the enemy as they weaken.

Fire Dragon Guen: Amongst the top 5, an easy to understand all-rounder type. Due to that he doesn’t particularly stand out in actual combat.

Lightning Dragon Gouka: Purely focused on status values. Total amount in status values is the highest amongst the ancient dragons. Skills on the other hand are… Well, this is why he’s an idiot in last place…

Light Dragon Byaku: Making a sudden appearance in the web edition, an ancient dragon specialised in support and recovery. Doesn’t have particularly poor combat abilities, but is stronger at support.

Darkness Dragon Reise：？？？

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.8: S41 Final Battle 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Human trained ninja army vs spider trained ninja army.

Author’s comments: Kusama Shinobu’s (Sajin’s) perspective

Argh. Just why did things end up like this?

To be blunt, for me stuff like the fate of the world and such like is a bit too heavy, so could you do it somewhere else please? That kinda thing. Well, from the point of view of the reincarnators it’s already established that we’re involved to a crazy degree, so maybe it can’t be helped you know. Given that I’m a reincarnator plus I got parents in the dark ops of the Divine Word Religion, this feels all kinds of inevitable somehow.

My father was a rather high up guy in the dark ops of the Divine Word Religion. Because of that, or rather, thanks to that, it was exposed that I was a reincarnator when I was still a baby, and the Pope jijii rather quickly took me under his protection. Because of that I was made to take the dark ops special training and there were more than one or two occasions when I thought “fuck this shit”. Special training sure is painful. However, when I heard about the circumstances of the other reincarnators, it’s kinda understandable that I realised that despite everything I was actually rather blessed and felt grateful. If I hadn’t been under the protection of the Divine Word Religion then I’d have been confined by those elf guys, right? Screw that.

「So I’ve got my reasons okay. I’m kinda indebted to jijii and all. I don’t wanna get involved in this fate of the world business okay, but like, I can’t just run away without repaying my debt to jijii you know.」

「Is that so.」

「Yep, yep. So I’m not gonna let you get to where jijii is.」

「Then, I shall force my way through.」

Saying so the nee-chan in white clothing took out a disc (did they call them chakrams again?) and threw it.

Argh. Just why did things end up like this? Well, it’s basically because jijii picked a fight with Wakaba-san without even pausing to think about it okay. Which is why Wakaba-san’s subordinates are attacking like this and all.

I evade the chakrams flying towards me. In spite of everything, I did take that dark ops special training, and I also have the cheat skill reincarnators have after all. I might be weak compared to the likes of Wakaba-san and Sasa-yan though, but even still I’m confident that I wouldn’t lose to any old random person. I guess my problem is that my opponent isn’t some random person though.

The ones I’m confronting are Wakaba-san’s subordinates in the demon’s 10th Army. The demon elites that Wakaba-san trained herself. They’re a dangerous group who wear identical white clothing as their uniform. For them to be here, in the headquarters of the Divine Word Religion in the Holy Country of Aleius, means that they’ve invaded. Wakaba-san’s side is on the defensive, right? So why are they invading instead? I didn’t want to participate in the decisive battle in the Elro Great Labyrinth so I offered to be part of the guard remaining here. That jijii – I bet he fucking anticipated these events, right? No wonder that when I said I wanted to be part of the remaining guard, he supposedly readily accepted it and said it’s fine. I had been thinking that gee that seemed a bit too easy so maybe something will happen – and now here we are.

Most of the military forces of Aleius have gone off to the Elro Great Labyrinth. There’s only a few garrisons remaining. And also a few on the swing shift like me. Included in those on the swing shift, are a part of my father’s dark ops. The combined strength of the dark ops and the garrisons are fighting against the invading white clothes group. Our situation is basically… yikes, we got no chance. No matter how you slice it, we have no chance of winning, surely.

Every single white clothes person is damn strong. The dark ops of the Divine Word Religion are elites who have received intense special training since childhood. These white clothes are as strong as those elites, or even stronger. On top of that, they have greater numbers. If it was one on one then somehow we might have been able to deal with them, but since they have greater numbers than us, it’s hopeless. The garrison is composed of normal soldiers anyway, so they’re not that strong. They’re doing their best, but they can only stall for time. Ah-hah, hey, is this what they call a “lost battle” huh? …… I just can’t laugh it off.

Here’s where I turn the tide using my cheat like abilities! Not! If I could have I wouldn’t be suffering, but even trying that would be difficult. My opponent is the leader nee-chan of these white clothes guys, and she’s plainly strong.

Her chakram and the shuriken I threw collide. During that time I close in, swinging my ninja blade, but she guards against it with the chakram equipped on her arms. Even when I perform a great fireball technique by blowing flames from my mouth, she counters it with some kind of darkness magic. Based on our exchange of blows so far, I can tell that our abilities are about equal.

What a downer. In spite of everything I’m one who overcame the dark ops intense special training, yeah? Especially since I was forced to participate a bit when I was a baby due to being a reincarnator. Compared to Wakaba-san and Sasa-yan who became strong by overcoming life and death situations, of course I can’t compete, but even so I had a bit of confidence though. My conceit has been demolished.

「You are a reincarnator. If you tell us where the Pope is, nothing bad will happen to you.」

While saying that the nee-chan stays on guard against my movements. Our abilities are almost equal. If we really went at it, I don’t know who would win. On top of that, if we really went at it, whether we won or lost there’s no guarantee we’d come out unscathed. The other side has the advantage in this battle by far. If she plays for time the nee-chan’s comrades will come to reinforce her. Because of that, this nee-chan doesn’t have to take any risks. Because she knows that, she’s not coming any closer than she needs to. She knows that if things continue like this her chances of victory won’t weaken. That’s probably why she offered the chance of surrender from her perspective.

「I’d really like to do that too you know.」

I glance to the side for a moment. There my father is in a close battle against three of the white clothes. Before the battle had begun, my father had said this to me.

「It’s fine if you want to escape.」

Like that. Besides, jijii isn’t here anyway. I’m sorry to all you white clothes guys, but you’re just wasting your time. However, if we can keep the white clothes guys occupied here, then in turn the forces on Wakaba-san’s side are dispersed. The longer we can keep them occupied, the more we can delay when they can return to the main battle. But, even if we don’t keep them occupied as much as possible, we’ve already bought enough time as far as this place is concerned. Therefore, there’s no reason for us to fight with our lives on the line. There’s none… but…

「Well, if I don’t at least fight enough to return the debt I gained, then that would be really uncool, right.」

Likewise if a son showed his back and fled while his father was fighting with his life on the line.

「So please go gently on me.」

「I see. Then I shall come with the intent to kill.」

「Didn’t I say to go gently on me!?」

Argh. Just why do things end up like this?

The white clothes nee-chan is Felmina.

The power of a reincarnator who has trained properly　＝　the power of the elite amongst elites who has received spider-style training.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.9: S41 Final Battle 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The big battle outside moves to the endgame.

Author’s comments: Merazofis’s perspective

This world is unfair. The height of one’s status values, the strength and weakness of one’s skills, the difference between races – all is immediately apparent. It is difficult for a weak person to beat a strong person. Even if you attack someone individually powerful, it is still difficult to win.

On this battlefield, the ones who were individually powerful were the Queen Taratekt, and the two ancient dragons who were confronting her. With the Queen Taratekt defeated, the two ancient dragons headed for the next battlefield, meaning that scenes of one side trampling on the other didn’t occur. If those two ancient dragons had stayed behind, and had begun to mop up things here, then the damage would likely have been enormous. That such a thing didn’t happen is fortuitous, and convenient for us.

Even if you battle against someone who is individually powerful, it is difficult to overturn the outcome. Even if you try attacking using numbers that won’t change. If ten people each with status values of around 1,000 try together attacking someone with status values of around 10,000, it would be difficult for them to win. They’d probably be beaten with a single blow each. When strong individuals exist on the battlefield, the core problem is how to take down those strong individuals. But, if that individual is too strong, it is often the case that nothing can be done.

On this battlefield there are no longer any such individuals who are too strong. Nevertheless, individuals with a large difference in combat strength still exist. When such a development occurs, how to suppress the opponents with high combat strength becomes critical. And so, the natural development is for strong people to fight the other strong people themselves. Even if a strong person is hit by a weak person they barely take any damage and frequently the weak are then instantly killed.

That being said, the concept of using overwhelming numbers cannot be made light of. Even if the amount of damage each individual deals is insignificant, if tens or hundreds of individuals can repeat that, then the accumulation of damage cannot be ignored.

In terms of numbers the situation has already been overturned. Most of the Taratekts blanketing the ground have become corpses. The remaining ones are nothing but powerful individuals such as Greater Taratekts and Arch Taratekts. Even those powerful individuals are losing ground to the desperately fighting humans using their overwhelming numbers. The Greater Taratekts are surrounded by many humans, then are damaged little by little. The Arch Taratekts are being dealt with by particularly strong members of the humans and demons working together, even if they are rushing things.

Amongst them I can see some familiar faces here and there. Balto-sama being here is one thing, but for Sanatoria-sama and Kogou-sama to participate in the battle was somewhat surprising. We once stood together as commanders of the demon army, but now we are in opposition. It’s not like that doesn’t bother me at all. However, I swore to follow ojou-sama no matter what. Even though they may be old acquaintances, I have no intention of going easy on them in the slightest. It makes no difference if they are reincarnators either.

「This is the third time that we’ve confronted each other.」 「Indeed.」

The ones confronting me are a boy and girl pair of reincarnators. Tagawa Kunihiko and Kushitani Asaka. I have faced them three times. The first time was when I destroyed the village in which they were living. They were young children at the time, and because they were reincarnators I overlooked them. The second time was on the occasion of the great war. I crossed swords with them who had grown up. And now, this is the third time.

Considering the strength remaining amongst the two armies, it would be impossible for the other side to ignore my existence. This is not conceit, but amongst those remaining in both armies on this battlefield, I am likely the strongest of all. And so, this pair of reincarnators came to stop me.

「I cannot go easy on you.」

I give them my warning. Until now, as they are reincarnators, I’ve tried to avoid killing them. However, for this battle, I cannot do that. Most of the reincarnators had known nothing of this world and had simply gotten swallowed up in the events. However, that is no longer the case. Against those who have made their own decision to fight, it is no longer necessary to go easy on them. In the first place I am not skilled enough that I could go easy on them and avoid killing them at the same time. If I’m going to do it, it’ll be with the intention to kill.

「Just what I want…ed…」

Kunihiko’s spirited words were unnaturally cut off in the middle. Kunihiko’s body slowly collapsed.

「Sorry, Kunihiko.」

Having made him faint, Asaka apologised to Kunihiko from behind.

「……What is the meaning of this?」 「I surrender.」

Asaka announced that indifferently.

「I don’t want to die yet, and I don’t want Kunihiko to die yet either.」

Asaka carried the unconscious Kunihiko on her shoulder, turned her back on me and walked away. What a grand way to desert in the face of the enemy. For a while, I was dumbfounded.

However, Asaka’s judgement is surely correct. I have no personal grudge against them. While they do have a grudge against me, in my case I don’t have any desire to go and kill them. Because she understood that, Asaka could grandly expose her back to me like this.

In addition, if we had fought then it is almost without doubt that I would have killed them. I am not skilled enough that I could go easy on them and avoid killing them at the same time. When the time comes to do it, I use reliable methods to kill my opponents. Considering the difference in status values between us, it’s likely that the contest would have been decided in an instant. With me having killed them. Therefore, it was the correct decision to surrender before the fight began. The optimal solution would have likely been to not come to this battlefield in the first place, but considering Kunihiko’s attitude, that just wasn’t possible I guess.

I watch Asaka’s back as she walks away. I think to not fight at all, is a wonderful choice. I have no right to say this to them as I had destroyed their hometown, but I shall pray for their future happiness.

Merazofis　VS　Kunihiko & Asaka.

In the fateful showdown, the result is Merazofis’s win by default.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.11: S41 Final Battle 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Where there’s a will, there’s a way.

Author’s comments: Wrath’s (Kyouya’s) perspective

My own body is rampaging of its own accord. I watched that somehow as if it was someone else’s problem. As if I was having an out-of-body experience, watching my body as if from an overhead perspective. Then again, unfortunately my field of vision is only what my original body can see, so it is not possible to understand everything from that overhead perspective though. In other words, it’s more like having an out-of-body experience emotionally rather than literally.

The reason why I have the luxury to afford thinking about such worthless things, is entirely due to the fact that I can’t do anything else. Having activated Wrath, my body won’t listen to what I tell it in the slightest. To go further, while I have the mental image of it being like trying to handle a runaway car with broken brakes, unfortunately it’s like I am sitting in the rear seats and a driver’s seat doesn’t even exist. Even Heresy Nullity cannot eliminate the demerit of using Wrath. Perhaps my body will never return to obeying my own will. In which case, I would only be able to watch like this until I die.

However, I would have no regrets about that. At the elf village, I couldn’t beat two ancient dragons without using Wrath. Therefore, if I was going to have a fight with ancient dragons, I had intended to use Wrath without hesitation. If there was one concern that I had, it would be that once I’ve activated Wrath I would no longer be able to distinguish between enemy and ally, but fortunately there are no allies nearby.

Due to the circumstances I was able to begin the fight. Then, all I had to do was rampage as much as I wanted.

I don’t know how many times this has occurred anymore, but the leopard dragon leaps at me and I tear it to pieces. It seems that the leopard dragon has run out of MP, and is unable to do anything except straight-forwardly leap at me while no longer even being clad in lightning. The claws and fangs that it unleashes are sharp, and that flexible leopard-like physique is quick and nimble. Without even using lighting when against an average human, the high status values alone would be enough for it to dominate, most likely. However, my status values with Wrath being activated, surpasses Ariel-san even in her heyday. A leopard dragon that is inferior in status values, is simply an ordinary opponent.

「NUUUOOOHH!」

However, that leopard dragon acted as a decoy, allowing the Fire Dragon to knock my body from behind. I was struck by the foreleg and… no!? The Fire Dragon has grabbed my body. Then, with the impact from that strike, he plunges into the magma with me. My body burns. No matter how high my status values might be, there’s no way that a living being would take no damage while inside magma. Surpassing what the automatic recovery of HP can handle, the damage steadily accumulates. However, my body did not panic about that, ripped apart the foreleg of the Fire Dragon that had grabbed me, and escaped from the magma.

I jump out of the magma. As though waiting for that moment, wind bullets came flying at me. There is a direct hit on my head, shaking my brain. Even with high status values, an attack like this will do damage no matter what. On top of that, are the harmful effects from the brain being shaken. With the impact of the wind bullets combined with the concussion, my body sinks into the magma once again.

Perhaps due to Faint Nullity, the concussion quickly subsided, and my body quickly jumped out from the magma again. Once more the wind bullets are fired at my head, but if you know they’re coming then it’s easy to deal with. I wave my right arm, knocking down the wind bullets. In addition, I swing my left arm as well, to cut up the Pteranodon dragon that had come at me. However, the sword that was in my hand, had lost its blade. The counter-attack on the Pteranodon dragon ended in a miss, and my body was kicked into the magma for a third time. Perhaps having finally learned that getting out from the same place is dangerous, my body swam through the lava, then climbed ashore a short distance away.

The swords in both my hands have lost their blades. Even if my body could withstand the magma’s temperature, it seems that my blades could not withstand it. I throw the hilts away, and take out spare swords from my Space Storage. I’ve already used up almost all of the magic swords that I made before the battle. These are now the last of the spare swords. In addition, in the combat just now my HP was significantly reduced.

Even though Wrath increases all my status values by a factor of 10, this is not the case for HP, MP and SP. Even if the maximum value increases, the current values are carried over at the time when Wrath is activated. While HP and MP will gradually increase due to automatic recovery, SP doesn’t even get that. In addition, I don’t have the concept of preserving my MP when I’m being dominated by Wrath. My MP is getting close to empty. Also, my HP has been steadily reduced due to the repeated attacks from the ancient dragons. It’s not just my HP. Due to someone hiding somewhere, little by little my status values have been decreased. It’s like a debuff from a curse. It’s happened slowly, but I’ve been cornered.

The ancient dragons charge towards me once again. Included with them, is the leopard dragon who should have been slain earlier. Shun comes into sight at the edge of my vision. In this battle, the key player has been Shun. Because Shun revived the ancient dragons endlessly, I wasn’t able to attack him either.

I’ve not once had a level-up. In spite of the fact that I’ve defeated ancient dragons many times. It shouldn’t be possible to defeat such powerful ancient dragons and not go up in level. It’s probably the case that when revival is a possibility there are special rules in place. Since a level-up uses a portion of the energy recovered by the System, unless the soul is recovered by the System then that can’t be received I guess. Normally experience points are gained the moment the opponent is defeated, but when the possibility of revival is close by, then perhaps that award is postponed. In other words, unless I defeat Shun who can use revival, then I’ll never gain any experience points no matter how many ancient dragons I defeat.

If I can kill Shun first and foremost, I will be able to gain an advantage in this fight, but unfortunately, while being dominated by Wrath it seems that I prioritise the first opponent that I see. While I knew that Shun was trouble, I had left him alone. No…. perhaps… I had been hoping for that somewhere in my heart.

I was sure that I had resolved myself. Resolved myself to slay my former friend. However, somewhere in my heart, perhaps I am refusing to do that, which is why I have been avoiding it. In that case……

「GAAAAAAHHHH!!」

That weakness… must be cast aside.

「Oh no!?」

Breaking through the encirclement of ancient dragons, I dash towards Shun. With a pale face like he could collapse at any moment, Shun’s face stiffens. In front of him, Kanata stood in the way. Kanata raises both hands, wrapping herself and Shun in something like a barrier. My sword strikes against the barrier-like thing, and astonishingly enough it is repelled. However, the barrier was also cracked. And I am a dual-wielder. The other sword slams into the barrier, breaking it.

「Nii-sama!」

However, in the moment when I am hindered by that barrier, yet another person rushes into the space between Shun and myself to stand in my way. A girl who is apparently Shun’s younger sister in this world, along with a small white ancient dragon who can grant the divine protection of dragons, had cross blades with me before. However, that was purely because she had the support of the other ancient dragons. In a one-on-one situation, she is no match for me. I slam my two swords into Shun’s younger sister at the same time. Shun’s younger sister blocks them with her sword, but despite bracing her legs she is knocked back flying. With this, there is no one protecting Shun.

I raise my two swords. Then, with great force, without hesitation, I swung them down. Shun immediately pushes Kanata away, stepping forwards to protect her. But, that’s all he could do. He doesn’t have time to avoid my attack. Consequently, I cut down my former friend… or so I thought.

「?」

In front of me was Shun, unharmed. I looked at my hands in confusion, to see that I had two swords with broken blades. Out of MP. Due to that, Magic Granting had expired. Then, it seems that my weapons without Magic Granting couldn’t withstand my full power even though they’re magic swords.

My body responded quickly. I thrust out my swords with their broken blades towards Shun. Even without the sword blades, it is a strike with my full power. Just hitting Shun in the face would be enough to kill him.

However, another person quickly twined their arms around mine. Then, my field of view spun.

For a moment, I didn’t understand what had happened. While my field of view was spinning, I could see the figure of the man (?) who had been besides Shun the whole time in a strange posture. That is the pose of someone doing a shoulder throw. In other words, I had been thrown over the shoulder.

Then, while being thrown through the air, the leopard dragon bit into my windpipe. It seems that due to the debuff my defensive power has been lowered enough that they can break through it, and the fangs dig into my neck. While being bitten on landing, I once again strike the leopard dragon with all my might. The leopard dragon’s body slams into the ground, with the fangs that had been stabbed into my neck leaving a large spurt of blood.

…Dammit. My HP is decreasing rapidly. I have no other weapons. My MP is also gone.

…This is it, huh.

My body collapses.

「Kyouya……」

Shun, don’t make such a face.

「…don… fa…」

Hahah. Perhaps because my throat was torn, I couldn’t speak properly. Hmm…? My voice responded to my thoughts? Perhaps on the verge of death, Wrath has deactivated? Hah, hahah! What luck! Then, there is one thing that I must do.

「I… offer… my… self…!」

I cannot afford to make a mistake here, so I make sure to pronounce each word properly. Each time I spoke blood would overflow from my mouth, but I’m sure I spoke the words properly.

「!? You what!?」

The person who had thrown me over his (?) shoulder is astonished. However, Shun and Kanata don’t understand the meaning of what I did it seems.

From the very beginning, I had intended to do this. If it ever seemed like I was going to die during this fight, especially in the case that Wrath deactivated. I have killed many people in this world. That is, my sin. Sin requires punishment. Thus, I shall give up everything for the sake of this world, including my soul. That is, my atonement.

Shiro-san, Ariel-san, Sophia-san. I’m sorry. Please, take care of the rest. This is, as far as I go.

Then, my body turned to dust and disappeared.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter s41.12: S41 Final Battle 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As ever, no such thing as a free lunch in this story.

Author’s comments: Katia’s perspective

Kyouya’s collapsed body turned into dust and disappeared. Immediately after having seen that happen with his own eyes, Shun collapsed without even trying to break his fall.

「Shun!?」

「I guess we’ve reached our limits as well.」

Darkness Dragon Reise-san calmly stated that. Afterwards, he approached the still fallen Lightning Dragon Gouka-san.

「Do you have any last words?」

「I’m… hungry.」

「I’m sorry to say this but you won’t be able to eat anything anymore though.」

Gouka-san’s body took a powerful strike from Kyouya, becoming a tragic sight to behold. With Shun now unconscious, it is impossible to revive him. On top of that, Shun’s revival has a time limit. If it’s not done immediately following death, then there won’t be time.

「Where’s Byaku-san!?」

「Busy over there. There’s not enough time.」

In the distance where Reise-san was staring with his head raised, the light of recovery magic shone. Just earlier, Light Dragon Byaku-san and Sue who had borrowed her power had been knocked flying. Although she was borrowing Byaku-san’s power, there’s no way that Sue could take a blow from Kyouya and come out unscathed. That’s something easy to imagine from just how remarkably far she was blown away, despite having her guard up. Recovery specialist Byaku-san is over there, performing Sue’s treatment. In short, she can’t afford to rush back here.

「Ah… when I die… it’s fine… to eat me. I’m sure I could satisfy your hunger.」

「You fool. Eating something so small wouldn’t be enough to satisfy us you know.」

I can’t tell if the words that Gouka-san utters are serious or a joke. In comparison, Wind Dragon Hyuvan-san responds in a very lighthearted tone. However, Hyuvan-san’s voice was trembling.

「Yeah. But, before I die, I better offer up myself as well.」

With the last of his words, Gouka-san’s body turns into dust like with Kyouya.

「……You fool. How can we eat you now. Right until the very end, you were one big fool you know……」

「……」

In a tearful voice, Hyuvan-san watches the dust from Gouka-san until it dissipates, while Fire Dragon Guen-san also covers his face with one hand.

「Somebody, make contact with Mr Ronant. Let’s withdraw for now and regroup.」

Amongst them only Reise-san was calm. You could even call him indifferent.

「How about waiting a little bit?」

Because of that, I reflexively admonished him.

「Even now Iena is buying us time. Will you let Iena’s self-sacrifice come to nothing?」

I couldn’t refute his response.

「Reise is correct. I’ll make contact.」

Guen-san says that while clutching his hand that Kyouya had sliced off. Shun has collapsed, everyone is covered in wounds starting with Guen-san. I’m almost out of MP as well since I’ve had my barrier from Chastity activated the whole time. If even I am in such a state, then it must be worse for Guen-san and co who were actually fighting I’m sure.

「Good grief. We can finally get away from this hot place.」

All of a sudden, Ice Dragon Nier-san shows up after having been out of sight until now. Just where have you been hiding all this time I wonder?

「Nier. Please go collect Byaku and Suelecia-jou.」

「Why me?」

While complaining Nier-san obediently heads over to where Byaku-san’s medical treatment light can be seen.

Before long, thanks to Ronant-sama who came via Teleport, we retreated from the Elro Great Labyrinth.

「How’s the kid doing?」

「He hasn’t woken up yet.」

After returning to our base everyone got some rest. I was sitting next to the bed Shun was sleeping in, watching Shun’s condition.

「You should get some sleep too, jou-chan.」

「……I can’t sleep.」

Ronant-sama might be worried about me, but even when I closed my eyes I didn’t feel like I could sleep at all. Even though my fatigue has reached its peak.

「You’re overwrought aren’t you. It often occurs on the battlefield. In such cases though, once you reach your limit you’ll just suddenly collapse. Like this kid.」

Ronant-sama shrugged his shoulders while saying so. Even by just watching it, Shun’s revival by Kindness seems quite hard on him. He continued to revive Guen-san and co until he collapsed after all.

「However, with regards to the kid collapsing, there’s more to it than that. Isn’t there?」

Ronant-sama glares at the entrance to the room. Over there, Darkness Dragon Reise-san was standing.

「You’re sharp.」

「I’ve lived a long time after all. Though not at much as an ancient dragon of course.」

Going by Reise-san’s words, it was like he was confirming that he was hiding something. Something… about Shun.

「What do you mean?」

「Don’t glare at me like that please. It’s not like even I had known in the first place.」

While saying that, Reise-san approached the bed, and peered into Shun’s face.

「It’s compensation.」

「Eh?」

「Didn’t you think that it was strange? Reviving the dead – a miracle that should be impossible. Even with the System in this world that’s still the case. Rather, precisely because the System exists, reviving the dead and the like shouldn’t be allowed. Despite that, don’t you think it’s much too cheap for it to just cost MP to make such a miracle occur?」

「That’s….」

Now that he mentions it, that’s right. In the video games of my previous life revival magic was commonplace, so I was under the impression that it was just one of those things, but in reality things like reviving the dead are nothing short of a miracle. Then, once you’ve heard that much you’ll get a bad premonition. A bad premonition that’s more like conviction.

「He’s… eroding his soul.」

I make a short gasp of breath. The scene of Kyouya turning into dust crosses my mind.

「If he continues to use revival, before long his soul will shatter. If that happens, whether the System exists or not he’ll no longer be able to reincarnate. Rather than dying, he’ll become nothing.」

「No way……!?」

Dying is terrifying. But becoming nothing is even more terrifying. That will happen to Shun?

「It seems that reincarnators have a protective wall around their souls. However, that’s now gone because he continued to use Kindness. He was able to use Kindness in rapid succession because that protective wall existed. So it was like giving aid to one’s enemies, though I’m sure she hadn’t intended that.」

Reise-san’s words pass over me. Kyouya, by his own will, offered up his soul. He decided to become nothing, which is even more terrifying than death. He faced this battle having resolved himself to that great an extent. In comparison, what about me? There’s no way that I had resolved myself that far. In addition, because I carelessly pushed him forwards from behind, Shun is also facing the risk of becoming nothing. My mind went blank.

「How many more times can I use Kindness?」

「Shun!? You’re awake!?」

Before I knew it, Shun had awoken.

「……Now then. I’m no expert in souls either. Maybe there won’t even be a next time, or maybe you’ll be able to keep using it for quite some time.」

「I see.」

「Shun, you must not use Kindness any more.」

「……There’s no way that I’ll do that though.」

Shun is sitting up in the bed.

「The one who had decided to fight, was me by myself. Since Kyouya has shown me what this battle is about, it’s too late for me to run away by myself isn’t it.」

Shun clenched his fist, staring at it.

「I hadn’t resolved myself enough. Therefore, I will resolve myself.」

In his eyes, there was no longer any hesitation. The one who hadn’t resolved themselves, was me.

「……Sorry. Please leave me alone for a while.」

Once Shun said that, I stood up. I couldn’t think of any words to say to him.

「I’ll bring something light for you to eat later.」

「Sure. Thank you very much.」

Then, we left the room together.

「You said that you didn’t know, right? However, you expected it, hadn’t you?」

Ronant-sama asked that of Reise-san.

「Otherwise you wouldn’t have been able to correctly guess the condition of something invisible like the soul, right?」

「How perceptive.」

「! You what!?」

That means that in short, he had expected that the more Shun used Kindness the more abrasion his soul would suffer, yet he allowed him to use it.

「You’re laying blame at the wrong door if you’re accusing me. I don’t remember forcing him to use Kindness. He carried out everything voluntarily you know.」

「Even if you didn’t force him, you still encouraged him.」

「Well of course. If not for that we couldn’t have beaten that oni.」

It’s frustrating, but he’s right.

「You saw Gouka at the end, right? In this battle, whether we win or lose we intend to offer ourselves up.」

「Th, that’s…」

「That’s the resolution we’re facing this with okay. I hadn’t expected that the enemy would be the same though. Do you people have that resolve?」

「……」

「So you see, that’s why we cannot afford to lose. For that reason we’ll use everything we can.」

I couldn’t say anything back. Because I was lacking in resolve.

「Hah! Aren’t you just using bold words to deceive others?」

That was, Ronant-sama interrupting while looking sullen.

「I don’t care what you have resolved yourselves for. Is it so admirable to have such a thing? Is it a good enough reason for a boy with a long life ahead of him to ruin his future? Can you proudly say that you are right when you are secretly using him?」

「……」

This time it was Reise-san’s turn to go silent.

「……I am used to playing the bad guy.」

「Hah! Well, whatever. I’m sure that no matter what I say it’s too late for you to change your ways. However, you should bear it in mind that you have enraged me by this incident.」

「I shall engrave it on my heart.」

Saying so, Reise-san turned around, walking away from us.

「Jou-chan, if you’re going to quit you better do it now okay?」

I wouldn’t be able to deny that I wasn’t attracted by Ronant-sama’s words. However.

「I will follow Shun.」

That is my responsibility for dragging Shun into this battle after all.

Skill compensation: Fundamentally, skills do not use the System’s energy. That’s because if skills used the System’s energy that would have the opposite effect of what the System was intended for. The skill user is the one who pays all the compensation for using skills. Titles such as Hero are the exception.

Translation notes:

“He was able to use Kindness in rapid succession because that protective wall existed. So it was like giving aid to one’s enemies, though I’m sure she hadn’t intended that” – this seems to have intentionally been left vague in the original. So who is “her” in this case and where did this “protective wall” come from? Given that Reise refers to “her” specifically and “giving aid to one’s enemies”, this couldn’t be D or Sariel. So the only other “her” known to be capable of doing such a thing and who would be regarded as an enemy is Shiro.

So what is this protective wall and where did it come from? If you refer back to chapter 246, we see this: “The little trick I’d prepared earlier was for protection on sensei’s soul”. This was a protective barrier Shiro put around Oka-chan’s soul to prevent Potimas from infesting her soul again with his soul parasites. It’s possible that Shiro applied this protection to others, though I can’t find a direct reference.

Perhaps the more likely explanation is due to Shiro intending to protect the reincarnators and some others when she collapses the System. In chapter 269 Shiro says “I will expand the System’s soul sheltering functionality, improving it so that at least the reincarnators can be saved.” We never get the details of how this was implemented though, but given that it is something intended to survive the collapse of the System it’s reasonable that Shiro set up something in advance to protect or reinforce the souls of certain people. If so then Reise is saying that it also helped Shun use Kindness in rapid succession and without it Shun would have collapsed much sooner and perhaps have already destroyed his soul. This would also mean that if/when the System collapses that Shun’s soul would also collapse.