

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1 - 1 – Nick
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You should kill yourself."

Inside a dirty alleyway filled with oily pipes, electrical wires, and broken walls, a young man sat on the ground with his back to the wall.

His head was lowered as he lifelessly stared at the ground visible between his legs.

The sun was positioned in the middle of the sky, perfectly above this boy. Because of that, the alleyway was brightly lit.

"I know that it comes as a bit of a shock, but I genuinely think the best course of action for you in this situation would be to kill yourself."

The boy didn't lift his head as he heard these words.

At this moment, a dirty and disheveled rat was sitting on top of a small rusty box made of metal. The rat was lightly scratching its snout as it looked with widely opened eyes at the boy, trying to establish eye contact.

"Listen," the rat said as it jumped down from the box and slowly walked towards the boy. "We all know what happened. It's not like I'm suggesting suicide without a logical basis, you know?"

As the rat came closer, the boy's eyes suddenly gained life, and he looked at the rat with intensity.

The rat's eyes widened, and it went on its hind legs as it slowly retreated. "Calm down, Nick. I'm not going to hurt you," it said with a nervous smile as it stopped retreating. "Look at me. I'm just a rat. How am I supposed to hurt someone that managed to get through the Zephyx Extractor Exam?"

The boy, Nick, looked back at the ground.

When Nick just lifelessly looked at the ground like that, he looked like a frail homeless person, but when he just looked at the rat, his entire demeanor changed.

In fact, Nick's body was anything but frail. While he wasn't very bulky, his muscles were pretty defined, which wasn't surprising, considering that he had trained for the last four years in hopes of finally getting out of the Dregs.

"Hey, Nick," the rat said, not daring to get any closer. "I know that you're still holding onto some hope, but we both know that believing in this fickle light of hope is just delusional."

The rat slowly moved around Nick's body, but it didn't dare to get too close to his body. "Over the last four years, you worked so hard on yourself. You trained every day, and you even committed some terrible acts just to avoid paying the Blood Tax."

"You didn't want to do these things, but you still did them. Why? Because you saw a way out of the Dregs."

"And you did it! You managed to get a spot in the Zephyx Extractor Exam for Ghosty's Lab, and you even managed to pass it!" the rat said with a lot of enthusiasm.

And then, the rat just sighed. "But your Zephyx Synchronizer was already attuned to a Specter. You managed to pass the exam, but Ghosty's Lab can't use a Zephyx Extractor with an already synchronized Zephyx Synchronizer."

"And you know that they are not the only ones," the rat said as it stopped on Nick's right side. "No Zephyx Manufacturer will hire you like this. You know as well as I that all the companies have specific Specters for their Extractors. Without the abilities from these Specters, you will either die very quickly or will cost the company more money than you bring in."

"So, what now?" the rat asked, looking at Nick with a sympathetic expression. "What's the plan now?"

"You don't have an education."

"You don't have contacts."

"You don't have a place to live."

"You don't even remember anything from before you were ten."

"You can't even join the gangs or any of their businesses since you vehemently refused to pay them their fees."

"There's no way out."

"Are you willing to continue living like this?" the rat asked with a sad and pained voice.

"I don't want to see you go through so much pain every day."

"Just stop."

The rat was carefully and slowly moving toward Nick.

As the rat moved closer to Nick, several pairs of eyes appeared behind the dark sewer grates in the alley.

They were watching everything with excitement.

Nick just continued looking at the ground.

"Don't you just want to rest?" the rat asked as it very carefully moved forward. "Every day, you sleep with one eye open, fearing that something or someone will attack you."

"You don't even have a single friend or family member."

"What's the point of fighting?"

"What's the point of living like this?"

"And now, even your last hope is gone."

The rat looked with a sympathetic gaze at Nick.

"Trust me. I've talked to millions of people, and I know a hopeless situation when I see one."

"I can make it quick and painless. If you want, I can even pay special attention to some people you dislike."

"At least, like this, you can go out on your own terms instead of just starving to death."

"Your death would actually have a purpose."

The rat managed to get so close to Nick that it could even touch his leg.

The rats behind the sewer grates slowly and carefully stepped out, but they still remained at a great distance.

It was important not to induce a fight or flight response in their target. Adrenaline can bring momentary life to the black hole inside the chest of a suffering person.

This had to be done methodically, slowly, and carefully.

"Just lay down, okay?" the rat said slowly. "I am going to lightly touch your leg now. Don't be afraid. I won't do anything."

The rat slowly extended its claw to touch Nick's leg.

BANG!

A powerful fist hit the rat, turning it into a bloody paste.

An instant later, all the other rats fled back into the sewer.

Silence.

The fist unclenched and took hold of the smashed rat.

Then, he took out a filthy, old, and disgusting brown sack and put the rat into it.

A moment later, Nick straightened his back and took a deep breath.

"This sucks," he said, his voice a bit deeper than the average man's.

But then, a small smile formed on his lips as he lifted the dirty brown sack.

"But at least dinner is secured."

Suddenly, Nick's eyes narrowed as he shot up to his feet.

He glared down one of the alleyway's exits.

Just now, a muscular man wearing a black coat and black hat had appeared near that exit.

At this moment, Nick could see a mysterious smirk adorning the man's lips as he looked at Nick with amusement.

"What do you want?" Nick asked with a harsh and threatening voice.

Nick had seen many people, and he knew that someone that was acting like this wasn't up to anything good.

"I don't buy drugs, miracle cures, Specters, Zephyx, or whatever you have to sell," Nick said.

A moment later, Nick's eyes widened a bit, and he put the brown sack behind him. "I'm also not selling you the rat!"

The man looked slightly taken aback, but he started chuckling in amusement.

"Your rat? You think I'm after your rat?" he asked with a smirk.

Nick eyed the man suspiciously. "I'm not buying anything! Also, it's rude to enter someone's home unannounced."

"Home?" the man repeated in confusion as he looked around the alleyway.

After looking for a bit, the man saw a small shack made of bits and pieces of discarded and rusty metal.

The man took a deep breath and sighed before his black hat vanished, revealing his handsome face.

There were a couple of covert wrinkles on the man's forehead, and Nick could also see a couple of individual grey hairs among his usual black hair.

The man just chuckled a bit. "You asked me what I wanted," he repeated.

"Well, you could call me a scholar," the man said with a smile as he looked at Nick. "I study Specters. More specifically, the powers Specters can bestow to humans."

"I said I'm not buying anything!" Nick shouted.

The man took another deep breath and released a sigh.

"I am a consultant to many Zephyx Manufacturers, and Ghosty's Lab is one of them," the man said as he slowly lifted his right index finger.

The next moment, a ball of bloody tools made of metal materialized above his finger. The tools were rapidly circling above the man's finger.

When Nick saw that, his jaw nearly hit the floor, and his eyes shone.

"You're a Zephyx Extractor?!" he asked in shock.

The man chuckled. "In the past," he said as the tools vanished again. "Nowadays, I am just a researcher."

Nick still looked with wonder at the man.

A Zephyx Extractor!

Nick gulped.

"Okay," he slowly said. "So, what do you have to sell?"

The man snorted in amusement. "I'm not here to sell anything."

"I'm here because my friend at Ghosty's Lab contacted me. They don't know what kind of power you've attained or from which Specter it comes. My friend knows that I am interested in these things, which was why he told me about you."

Nick became nervous when he heard that.

That sounded like some evil experimentation stuff!

When the man saw Nick's apprehensive expression, he nearly groaned.

"I'm not here to hurt you!" the man half-shouted with annoyance. "I'm just here to look at how your powers work. I will even refer you to some Zephyx Manufacturers if your power proves to be useful!"

"This is a good thing for you!"

Nick was taken aback, but his expression quickly morphed into one of skepticism.

Help?

A good thing?

In the Dregs?

Not even children would believe that!

"And what do you want in exchange?" Nick asked.

"In exchange?" the man repeated. "Do you even have anything that can interest me?"

Nick struggled to think of something.

"Nothing in this world is free," Nick said with suspicion. "Something advertised as free will very quickly turn into something that's not free after some time."

The man's expression turned deadpan. "Oh my fucking god," he said in exasperation.

Suddenly, the man appeared in front of Nick.

BANG!

The man hit Nick's head, and Nick fell to the side, unconscious.

"Is it so hard to accept that someone just wants to help you?!"

Silence.

The man took another deep breath and sighed.

SHING!

The bloody tools from earlier appeared in front of him.

"Now, let's see what kind of power you have."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2 - 2 – The Sign
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A young man walked through the streets of a lively but dirty city.

At this moment, it was 2:00 am, but the sun was still shining.

It was always shining.

There was not a single moment where it wasn't shining.

This was how it had been for thousands of years and how it would continue to be for thousands more years.

The sun was directly in the middle of the sky, seemingly perfectly above the walking young man.

Surprisingly, even though the sun was in the middle of the sky, its light wasn't very bright and overwhelming but subdued and more orange-yellowish in color.

For the citizens of Crimson Fungus City, it was currently nighttime. Although, when one talked about night, they were referring to the time between 10 pm and 6 am. This had nothing to do with the state or location of the sun since that was always static.

Most people slept during the night time. No one really knew why, but most people followed that social norm since their parents, grandparents, and everyone else had done the same.

Some crazy people said that people slept during the night because, somehow, the sun used to do something called setting in the past.

Naturally, that was idiotic.

How fast would the sun need to move to go around the Earth?

How would it even move?

It made no sense.

As the young man continued walking, he saw several dirty, grimy, and rusty pipes coming out of the ground, which then slithered up the damaged and dirty walls of buildings.

The floor of the city was uneven, with half of it made of craggy rock and the other half made of rusty grates that led deep underground.

The smell of gas and oil blanketed the "streets", but the people living here had already gotten used to it.

CRACK!

Suddenly, one of the grates below the young man's legs broke, and the young man began to fall.

However, the young man just reflexively spread his arms and grabbed the grates to his side, stopping his fall.

The young man took a deep breath and released it before he pulled himself up.

After pulling himself up, he looked around the street for something.

He saw a couple of thin people that were sitting at the side of the road, talking with each other. Since it was nighttime, not many people were here.

"Hey, do you know where I can get a big sheet of metal?" the young man, Nick, asked the group.

It had been two years since Nick had met the "scholar," and Nick was now 16 years old.

The scholar had told Nick about his power, and he even taught him a couple of things over the next couple of days.

Right now, Nick was about 180cm tall, which was enormous for someone living in the Dregs. The available food was horrible, which made it difficult for people to grow tall.

Nick's body was also still quite muscular, giving him quite an intimidating appearance.

The group collectively furrowed their brows as they looked at him. Nick's bulky figure intimidated them a bit. "What do you want?" an older lady among them said with a tone of threat in her voice.

"I just told you what I want," Nick said as he scratched the side of his head. "I just want a sheet of metal."

"Why?" the older lady asked with annoyance.

Nick just pointed at the hole in the grates with his thumb.

The group just threw a couple of glances at each other.

"You want to repair the hole?" the older lady asked with skepticism.

Nick nodded. "I'm strong enough to stop my fall and pull myself out. Others aren't," he answered.

The lady's expression became even more skeptical. "And you care about that?"

Nick just scratched the back of his head. "I mean, I broke it. I should also fix it," he said with a shrug.

The group looked at each other again.

Then, the older lady pointed at one of the houses at the edge of the street.

The house was basically a ruin. A third of it was already missing, and all the metal of the house had already rusted.

The city had an overabundance of metal, and all the metal that the wealthy parts of the city didn't need anymore ended up in the Dregs.

This was also why nearly all houses here were made of rusty metal.

"The occupant of it said it two days ago," the older lady said, her voice neutral.

Nick nodded. He knew what it meant to "say it".

It basically meant that the person had committed suicide via a specific method.

"Thanks," Nick said as he walked over to the derelict house.

After a bit of searching, Nick saw a two-meter wide and long plate of metal and began to pull.

Sadly, the builder of the house seemed to have had a phobia of his house collapsing, which was why he welded everything together.

Nick tried for a while, but the metal plate only shuddered and made creaking noises.

Nick just sighed and looked around.

Then, he walked into the house, away from all prying eyes.

BANG!

A dent appeared in the metal plate.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

After four hits, the metal plate broke away from the house and fell to the ground outside as Nick exited through the new hole.

The eyes of the earlier group widened in shock.

They knew that this young man was strong based on his stature, but wasn't this a bit too much?!

How much power would one need to dent such a big metal plate?!

Sure, it wasn't super thick, but this was still metal!

Nick pulled the metal plate across the street with quite some difficulties, confusing the group even more.

The guy had just dented the plate, but now he had issues carrying it?!

This made no sense!

A couple of seconds later, Nick put the plate over the hole in the grate that he had created earlier and rubbed the sweat off his forehead.

He walked on top of the plate and jumped a bit. The metal was creaking, but it didn't move.

If the metal could withstand Nick jumping on it, no one would have issues walking over it.

Nick nodded with satisfaction and continued walking through the streets.

He waved a bit at the group as he left.

"Oh! Now, I know who that is!" one of the younger people in the group shouted a couple of seconds later.

The others looked at him. "You know him?"

The younger guy nodded. "He's that weird guy at the marketplace."

"The weird guy?" another person from the group repeated with uncertainty. "Oh, you mean the one that just sits there with a sign all day?"

"Yes, that guy," the other guy said with a nod. "I didn't recognize him since he looks much smaller when he's sitting."

The other people raised their eyebrows in understanding.

Some of them looked at the derelict house again with newfound realization.

That explained how he was strong enough to break the metal.

"This means he has an attuned Zephyx Synchronizer, right?"

The others just nodded. "According to his sign, yes."

The older lady in the group looked at the sheet of metal in the middle of the street.

"You know, if others actually followed his example and fixed what they broke, the Dregs wouldn't be nearly as bad," she commented.

Nick continued walking down the street, and a couple of minutes later, he arrived at a big plaza.

In comparison to the streets, the plaza was mostly made of stone, and the walls weren't too dirty.

Nick could see a couple of merchants stationed around their wagons filled with wares.

Since it was night, only the poorest and the richest merchants sold their wares.

The poorest sold their wares at night since there was far less competition, and the richest did the same since they could just hire someone to keep their shop open all the time.

The other 80% of shops were only open between 6 am and 10 pm.

Nick walked across the plaza until he arrived at the widest road in the Dregs.

The road led to one of the exits of Crimson Fungus City.

At the spot where the road and the plaza met, Nick stopped and walked to the side.

After sitting down, Nick pulled out a roll of cardboard and unrolled it before putting it on a metal rod he had brought with him.

Lastly, Nick just lifted his new sign and waited.

"Zephyx Extractor looking for work!"

And then, he waited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3 - 3 – Protecting Oneself
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

People slowly woke up and exited from their derelict houses.

It was early in the morning, but just like always, the sun was high up in the sky, illuminating the streets.

Nick was still holding his sign as he watched the people with boredom.

Over 50% of the people were malnourished, and the remainder could still be called skinny. Only the richest merchants had some visible fat on their bellies.

Even though the sun was shining all day, nearly everyone had pale skin, and a couple of them even had black rings around their eyes as they slowly walked through the streets.

As Nick saw the people, he could tell that most of them were very fidgety and anxious.

Nick knew that this day would be the most dangerous day of the month since people became desperate.

Today was the worst day of the month.

The day everyone dreaded.

Nevertheless, Nick continued holding up his sign as he waited.

Albert, Nick's mentor, told him he would soon find work as a Zephyx Extractor in the Dregs. He only needed to be visible.

Albert was the powerful Zephyx Extractor that Nick had met two years ago. After Nick had woken up from Albert's slap, the two of them had gotten to know each other.

Due to the circumstances of how Nick had gained his mysterious power, Albert decided to mentor Nick for a couple of months since he saw a lot of potential in him.

Albert had left around a year ago, and he told Nick that he just needed to remain visible to find work. Apparently, someone would soon appear that would be interested in finding Zephyx Extractors.

This was why Nick was sitting in the marketplace with his sign.

Even though everyone dreaded today, to Nick, this was just like any other day.

Many people passed by Nick, and he also noticed that nearly everyone was throwing evaluating glances at him.

However, no one actually did anything to him.

Many people were scared and looked around nervously, but others seemed calm and relaxed.

All of the calm ones had small pins on their chest in the image of two crossed spears.

These pins represented the Insurance Gang, one of the most powerful gangs that were running the Dregs from the underground.

The people wearing these pins were not gang members but normal citizens that had paid the Insurance Gang to deal with all the matters today.

BANG!

Suddenly, a man with blonde hair got punched, and a group of three men jumped the guy that got punched.

The man curled into a shrimp and held tightly onto something.

The three attackers continued wailing at the helpless man, but they were careful not to break any bones.

"Hand over your credits!" one of them shouted.

The blonde man on the ground didn't answer and kept holding onto his credits.

The three gritted their teeth.

Killing someone was forbidden, and they were also not allowed to shed any blood.

However, the city wouldn't bat an eye if they broke some bones.

But despite how things looked, the three men were not psychopaths that wanted the guy to die.

If they stole his credits and broke the blonde man's bones, they would essentially kill him in the long run.

One of the men grabbed the blonde guy's hair and pulled back with all his power, but the man on the ground didn't let go of his wealth.

Even when his blonde hair was torn out, he didn't let go.

Two of the attackers looked at their last friend with frustrated and angry expressions.

The last one took a deep breath and took hold of his victim's head.

BANG!

He shoved the man's head into the pavement, and he lost consciousness.

Surprisingly, there was no blood, and the blonde man was still alive.

This had been insanely risky.

If anything went wrong, the attacking man would be killed by the city for killing another person or wasting valuable blood.

A different guy bent down and wrestled a small stack of paper notes out of the blonde man's hands.

After counting the paper notes, he looked at his two friends and nodded.

Then, he handed all the notes to one of his friends, who broke into tears.

The crying man hugged his two friends and bowed several times in gratitude in front of them.

His two friends only assured him that it was fine.

The crying man quickly ran away from the middle of the marketplace and into the arms of a woman by the side.

The woman was also crying a lot.

A moment later, the man let go and kneeled down as he beckoned forward.

Two young girls, not older than eight, came out from behind the woman and hugged the man.

"I have enough for you," the man said with a quivering voice.

Only a couple of people were watching the event. Most people were used to seeing something like this and didn't care.

All the people in the marketplace just walked around the unconscious man lying in the middle of the street, treating him like just another piece of rubble.

Nick had watched what had happened, but he didn't get involved.

What was the point?

There wasn't enough money to go around, and it was the duty of everyone to protect themselves.

As more time passed, more assaults happened, but Nick just waited.

And then, it was time.

Everything calmed down at about 2:00 pm, and the people became very quiet.

By now, the entire marketplace was filled to the brim with people.

No one was buying or selling anything at this moment.

They all were waiting for the same thing.

Two minutes later, the sound of a gigantic swarm of insects came from one of the streets leading to the marketplace, and the sound became louder with time.

Eventually, five people appeared in one of the streets, and they were accompanied by swarms of huge mosquitos.

The five people wore red uniforms with the symbol of Crimson Fungus City on them, showing their identities as people working for the city itself. Each of them carried a couple of big sacks with them, and they wore black gasmasks, keeping their identities anonymous.

As the five city agents walked down the streets, several mosquitos split off and entered the houses they passed.

They were searching for people that were trying to hide.

After a while, the mosquitos came out of the house again and returned to the five people as other mosquitos entered other houses.

Suddenly, an entire swarm of mosquitos charged into one of the houses.

"AAAAAHHHH!"

A terrifying scream came out of the house, but it rapidly became quieter until it vanished.

The swarm of mosquitos came out of the house a couple of seconds later, and some of them flew into the sky and retreated.

But just a couple of seconds later, new mosquitos replaced the ones that had just left.

After around five minutes, the five people arrived at the entrance of the marketplace.

The five people didn't say anything for a while.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4 - 4 – Zephyx
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A bit later, three people walked out of the crowd.

All three of them were tall men with muscular bodies, and they were all wearing the same uniform.

It looked like a military uniform painted in black with grey sleeves.

This was the uniform of the Insurance Gang.

"Welcome," the leader of the Insurance Gang said with a polite smile.

One of the five city agents just extended a hand like they were asking for something.

"Of course," the leader said.

A moment later, he took out a suitcase, opened it, and handed it to the man.

Inside the suitcase were stacks upon stacks of credits in paper form.

The city agent counted the money, which took several minutes.

"474," he spoke with a distorted voice.

When the leader of the Insurance Gang heard that, he became nervous, and his smile seemed more strained.

"Excuse me, but it should be 482," he said. "Could you recount, please?"

"474," the city agent repeated.

Silence.

The leader of the Insurance Gang looked at the person to the right of him and gestured with his head.

The guy quickly took out a couple more bills and handed them over.

The city agent counted them and nodded.

"482."

The leader of the Insurance Gang also nodded.

A moment later, the three people walked to the side.

"One by one, come forward. You better not try to cheat us," the leader of the Insurance Gang shouted.

A moment later, all the people with the black pins walked forward and passed by the three men from the Insurance Gang.

The Insurance Gang inspected all of them and collected the black pins from everyone that passed by.

By the end, 479 people had walked past them.

Then, the three people from the Insurance Gang followed them, making the total 482.

After that, four of the five city agents walked towards the less-crowded marketplace and commanded everyone to come forward one by one. The last of them waited in the back, making sure that no one was trying to sneak by them.

Next, all the people in the marketplace walked forward, handing over a stack of credits each.

Nick stood up and passed through the crowd.

A moment later, he stood in front of one of the people with the gasmasks.

Nick handed over a stack of bills and walked past them just like any other person in the marketplace.

After several minutes, only around 800 people were left in the marketplace.

When no one else stepped forward for several seconds, the fifth city agent stepped forward.

"Last call," they shouted with a distorted voice. "Anyone not coming forward now will be considered as not able to pay."

No one moved.

"Alright," the man shouted. "As always, do not make any sudden movements, and don't show any aggression. The mosquitos are all minions of the Blood Mosquito Specter, and they will not drink more than what you owe."

The crowd of people became scared and nervous.

A moment later, the buzzing of the mosquitos intensified, and they flew forward.

The mosquitos scattered across the crowd and started to suck the blood of the people.

As time passed, mosquitos that had filled up flew away as new ones joined.

People were crying, hyperventilating, gritting their teeth, and praying.

Others had already grown used to it.

After around two minutes, all the mosquitos flew back to the five people in gasmasks.

The crowd of people had all become noticeably thinner and whiter.

Lastly, the mosquitos entered all the houses in the marketplace to make sure that no one was trying to hide.

And finally, the five people turned around and left the marketplace behind as they walked down another street.

It was over.

This happened every month on the last day.

Once a month, every citizen of Crimson Fungus City had to pay 100 credits to the city as tax.

One could only pay the tax in full or not at all. Partial payments were not permitted.

If one paid the tax, nothing would happen, but if one failed to pay the tax, they would need to pay with their blood.

A group of people accompanied by large swarms of sizable mosquitos walked through the Dregs once a month, and if a citizen wasn't able to pay the tax, the swarm of mosquitos would fall onto the citizen.

The swarm of mosquitos would gather blood until a collective two liters had been gathered from adults.

Children below the age of 14 only needed to pay 50 credits or one liter of blood.

Children below the age of six didn't need to pay taxes.

Naturally, losing two liters of blood wasn't lethal, and the mosquitos were excellent at not inflicting injuries on the people while gathering blood.

However, recovering from something like that usually took six to eight weeks.

So, if a citizen didn't manage to pay the tax next month as well, things would become dangerous.

Getting 100 credits in one month was nearly impossible for normal people living in the Dregs, but getting 100 credits over two months was manageable.

Because of that, around 50% of people paid blood one month, credits the next, and then blood again.

Of course, countless people had tried to fight their way out of paying taxes, but it always ended the same way.

With the person turning into a bloodless corpse.

In fact, the mosquitos weren't accompanying the tax collectors, but the tax collectors were accompanying the mosquitos.

The tax collectors only came for two reasons.

They dealt with the money.

And they stopped people from panicking in front of the mosquitos.

If the mosquitos wanted, they could kill every living person in the Dregs in less than 10 minutes.

One had to know that there were over 2,000 people living in the Dregs.

It wasn't that the mosquitos were very powerful but that there were literally millions of them, and every mosquito was bigger than a giant hornet.

Naturally, not all of the mosquitos accompanied the tax collectors. There were only around 100 following each tax collector, but if things became serious, millions of them would appear.

Even more, the mosquitos were the minions of a very powerful Specter, the Blood Mosquito.

The rat Nick had talked to two years ago was also a minion of a very powerful Specter called the Parasite.

Some Specters could control animals or create their own animals and control them. Their minions would share the perception of the Specter, and the Specter could also talk and act through the minions.

While nearly all Specters were the enemies of humanity, there were some Specters that cooperated and helped humanity.

The Blood Mosquito was one of them.

The Parasite was not.

The Blood Mosquito gained power by consuming human blood. Naturally, it could send some isolated mosquitos to gather blood from sleeping people, but if it overdid things, the truly powerful Zephyx Manufacturers would notice it and kill it.

So, the Blood Mosquito had decided to help humanity instead, and Crimson Fungus City was the perfect place.

Crimson Fungus City was named after the strongest Specter that was being confined inside the most prestigious Zephyx Manufacturer, the Crimson Fungus.

In contrast to nearly all powerful Specters, the Crimson Fungus was not intelligent.

As the name implied, the Crimson Fungus was just a huge fungus living inside a containment unit.

Just like the Blood Mosquito, the Crimson Fungus gained power by absorbing human blood.

But in return, the Crimson Fungus was creating electricity and, most importantly, Zephyx.

Zephyx could be used for basically everything.

It could be transformed into electricity, heat, movement, and so on, and it was extremely efficient at it.

Even more, Zephyx could also be used to increase the powers of Zephyx Extractors, and it could also be used to create powerful weapons that could deal with Specters.

The Crimson Fungus was the reason why the Blood Mosquito had chosen this city.

The Blood Mosquito would help the Zephyx Manufacturer in collecting the blood, and it would get to keep some of the blood in exchange.

The remaining blood would be sprinkled onto the Crimson Fungus, which would then produce Zephyx.

The Zephyx Extractors would collect the Zephyx, and they would be allowed to keep a bit of it as payment.

The Zephyx Manufacturer would then use the harvested Zephyx to increase the power of their company or sell it to other cities.

But if the Zephyx Manufacturer wanted to get bigger and earn even more money, they needed even stronger Specters.

And to get these even stronger Specters, they needed stronger Zephyx Extractors.

This was what Nick wanted to become.

Being a Zephyx Extractor meant being able to become powerful and having a better life.

Nick wanted to get out of the Dregs and finally live a better life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5 - 5 – Young Man
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After the tax collectors left, things returned to normal in the marketplace.

The anxiety of most people had been replaced with either relief or acceptance.

Sadly, even though many people lost two liters of blood today, they couldn't go home and rest.

They needed to work and earn money. Otherwise, they would need to pay with their blood again in a month.

Nick returned to his usual place and continued holding up his sign.

Nick trusted Albert, and he was sure that Albert wouldn't have told him to make himself noticeable if there were no point to it.

Sadly, no one of note talked to Nick, and he had to go home after a while since he was getting hungry.

By now, Nick was no longer living in a small cube made of metal but in an actual house… which was also made of rusty metal.

One of the richer people died recently, and his house had become available.

Well, available might not be the correct word.

The man died, and his son was actually now the owner of the house.

The problem was that the son was only eleven years old.

Naturally, the gangs wanted to take the house from the kid, but Nick went between the two sides and protected the kid.

Nick would protect the kid and his inheritance, but in exchange, Nick was allowed to use their money to eat and pay his tax.

Of course, the kid didn't have any other choice and accepted.

After a couple of fights, the gangs decided that it wasn't worth the trouble.

If Nick were just a normal guy, they would just send in like ten guys to beat him up, but Nick actually had an active Zephyx Synchronizer.

No one was heavily injured or dead yet, but if they escalated things, things might change quickly.

They were certain they could take Nick down, but they were not willing to pay the price. The house wasn't worth enough since it was just a bit above average. Also, the kid had a claim on it, and the gangs couldn't get too overbearing.

Smart, organized criminals knew that leading a flock of willing and happy sheep was easier than leading a flock of terrified sheep.

That was also why the leader of the Insurance Gang had been willing to pay the difference in the taxes out of pocket.

Some of his people had obviously siphoned some funds out of the collected taxes, and they would hold an internal investigation.

If the leader had decided to simply hand over the eight people with the missing cash, his Insurance Gang wouldn't be as trustworthy anymore, and next month, they might only get like 70% of their previous customers.

The Insurance Gang asked for 10% of the taxes as a protection and processing fee, which meant that adults would pay them ten credits to protect their 100 credits.

With about 480 customers, that came to 4,800 credits. Even when the leader paid 800 credits out of pocket, they still made a profit of 4,000 credits.

If he had refused to hand over the 800 credits, they would have saved 800 credits today, but they might pay 1,500 credits in lost profits for every following month for a long time.

Even though they were criminals and this was the Dregs, it was still important that people were satisfied with the services provided.

And waging war against someone that was protecting a vulnerable child was bad.

It wasn't worth it.

Of course, everything had its advantages and disadvantages.

While Nick got a nice home and had no money problems anymore, he had permanently destroyed any opportunity to work for any of the gangs.

For two weeks, Nick kept going to the marketplace to wait with his sign raised.

One particular day that didn't seem different from any other, someone approached Nick in the marketplace.

It was a young but tall man with light-brown hair. His hair was chaotic, but it was clean. His brown shirt and trousers were torn but just as clean.

As someone that had lived in the Dregs for his entire life, Nick could immediately tell that the guy in front of him was trying to act poor when he obviously wasn't.

The guy probably hadn't even seen a poor person up to today. Otherwise, his disguise wouldn't be so superficial.

The man walked up to Nick with a friendly smile, but Nick could see that the guy was very nervous deep inside.

"Hey, you're a Zephyx Extractor?" the man asked as he looked at Nick's sign.

"I got through the entrance exam for Ghosty's Lab, but I never worked as one since my Zephyx Synchronizer is already attuned," Nick answered as he looked with suspicion at the guy.

A small glimmer appeared in the guy's eyes when he heard that. "Your Zephyx Synchronizer is already attuned?"

Nick nodded.

Silence.

The guy seemed uncertain about how to proceed with the conversation, and Nick could practically read his thoughts with how expressive his face was.

Nick was quite certain that the guy was trying to find a way to get Nick to tell him more about himself without seeming like a shady person that wanted to scam him.

"You know Albert?" Nick asked.

The guy's eyes widened for just an instant before he smiled uncomfortably. "There are many people called Albert," he said awkwardly.

'Bullshit,' Nick thought. 'Nobody here is called Albert except for that one guy.'

"Black and grey hair, and he summoned a couple of things that can hover. Maybe you can fill out the last detail to make sure that we are talking about the same person," Nick said with a suspicious expression.

The man blinked a couple of times. "He is fond of tools," the man added after a while.

When Nick heard that, he smiled brightly. "Finally," he said as he stood up, making the man move backward. "Albert told me that someone would come with a job in the near future. I guess you're the guy?"

The man also became excited. Apparently, he had also expected to meet someone.

But then, his expression fell, and he became suspicious.

"I know him, but I don't think I have the capital to hire you. I also live in the Dregs," he said carefully.

At that moment, the surrounding people threw incredulous looks at him as they stopped walking.

The man noticed, and he felt like he had said something wrong.

"Dude," Nick said, making the man turn to him, "you just said capital. Also, your disguise is horrible. Nobody will believe you. If they did, they would have already shaken you down for everything you have, based on how uncertain and fearful you look."

The man's smile turned more uncomfortable. "I'm not sure-"

"Come with me," Nick said as he grabbed the guy's arm to pull him away.

The guy looked with shock at the place where Nick was grabbing him, and for just an instant, his eyes turned pure white.

But he quickly calmed down again, and his eyes turned back to normal instantaneously.

He had never seen anyone that just grabbed a stranger and pulled them away.

"Hey, I can walk on my own," the guy said as he pulled his arm out of Nick's grip.

"Then, come," Nick said, gesturing with his head to the distance.

The man took out a handkerchief and cleaned the spot where Nick had touched him, and followed after him.

After a couple of minutes, they arrived in front of Nick's temporary home.

The man became a bit uncertain again, but he just took a deep breath and entered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6 - 6 – Wyntor Melfion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When the man entered the house, he became more uncomfortable.

There was dirt everywhere, and there were even several holes in the walls. If he became careless, he might even cut himself on the sharp edges of the walls.

"Hey, come over!" Nick shouted from one of the rooms.

The man walked over and saw Nick sitting on the ground in the middle of a bigger room.

There were no tables or chairs.

Then, he just looked at the place in front of Nick with a questioning gaze. "Should I sit down?"

"Well, duh," Nick answered with a roll of his eyes.

The man took a deep breath and sat down.

"Do you have anything to drink?" he asked.

"The water barrel is in the back." Nick gestured to his back.

"Oh, okay," the man said. "Do you have a glass or a mug?"

Nick blinked slowly.

"A what?" he asked.

"You know, a mug," he repeated, gesturing with his hands. "A small container for liquids."

Nick blinked slowly again.

"Why? Just drink," he said with a deadpan expression and voice.

The man looked with an uncomfortable expression at Nick.

"Never mind. I'm not thirsty," he said.

Silence.

"I'm Wyntor," the man said, stretching his hand forward for a handshake.

Nick looked at the hand.

"What do you want?" he asked, looking at it.

"A handshake and an introduction?" Wyntor asked awkwardly, keeping his arm outstretched.

Nick furrowed his brows and moved his own hand forward.

Then, Nick grabbed Wyntor's fingers and looked him in the eyes. "I'm Nick."

Wynter smiled uncomfortably and moved his hand up and down for a handshake while Nick looked back at the shaking hands.

"Could you please let go?" Wyntor asked.

Nick frowned, confused why Wyntor wanted them to hold hands and then suddenly not, but he still let go of Wyntor's fingers.

"Sorry, Nick, I still need to get used to how people down here act," Wyntor said with an apologetic expression.

'Sure enough, he isn't from here,' Nick thought.

The fact that Wyntor had said "down here" meant that he came from the inner city.

Crimson Fungus City was comprised of two parts, the inner city, and the outer city.

If one were to look at Crimson Fungus City from a plane, one would see a huge city, which surrounded an absolutely enormous structure in the middle of it.

The structure was a humongous curvy pyramid in the shape of a hyperbola. It was made of reflective metal and was nearly two kilometers high and five kilometers wide.

Around this huge structure were many tall and expensive buildings, but the further one got away from the center, the smaller and uglier the buildings got.

About three kilometers away from the edge of the structure was the Dregs, the outermost part of the city.

In the Dregs were the poorest people who could barely survive. Between the Dregs and the inner city was the actual outer city.

Ghosty's Lab was in the inner city, but the location for the exam had been in the outer city.

Nick had heard legends about the inner city, but he had never been there, and he had only met two people that had been there.

Albert and Wyntor.

"You're from the inner city, right?" Nick asked.

"Yes, but from the lower levels," Wyntor answered. "It's my first time in the Dregs."

"I can tell," Nick said as Wyntor only smiled uncomfortably.

"So, why are you here?" Nick asked.

"Before I tell you, I need you to sign something," Wyntor said as he took some sheets of paper from a small sack hanging from his belt.

Nick looked at the first sheet of paper and furrowed his brows.

"No… Noon… disc-low-sure agree… ment? Noon disclowsure agreement? What's that?" Nick asked.

Wyntor looked with shock at Nick. "You can't read?"

Nick furrowed his brows. "I can read! I learned it from Albert! I'm just out of practice!"

"Okay, okay!" Wyntor answered quickly. "That's a non-disclosure agreement. It means that you are not allowed to talk about any of the things I'm about to tell you to anyone else, or the city will come for you. Essentially, if you talk about my secrets, you will be a criminal."

"Okay," Nick said absentmindedly as he tried to read the first sentence of the NDA, but it was far beyond difficult.

Reading and understanding a legal document was already difficult for adults with a lot of money, and Nick's reading comprehension was on the level of an elementary school student.

After a couple of minutes, Wyntor offered to just read out everything for Nick, but Nick said he didn't trust him and that he would read it himself.

Two hours and many questions about what words meant later, Nick had finally finished reading everything.

After some more instructions from Wyntor, Nick awkwardly signed the bottom of the page.

Nick was so confused about all of this. He knew what he had signed, but it was still so alien and strange.

"Okay," Wyntor said with a relieved sigh. "Everything we talk about from now on is subject to the NDA, which means you are not allowed to tell the contents to a third person without my consent. Do you understand?"

Nick nodded.

"My full name is Wyntor Melfion, and I am the third heir to the Melfion family," Wyntor said.

Nick blinked a couple of times.

Silence.

"Okay," Nick commented.

Wyntor took a deep breath. He had never gotten such a dismissive reaction to the revelation of his family name.

"My father is on the board of directors of Kugelblitz," Wyntor added.

Nick blinked once slowly.

"Okay?" he said.

Wyntor ruffled his hair in frustration.

"He partially runs the city!" Wyntor shouted. "Kugelblitz is the Zephyx Manufacturer that has the Crimson Fungus, and my father owns 20% of Kugelblitz!"

"Oh," Nick said in surprise. "That's cool, I guess?"

Wyntor massaged the bridge of his nose in annoyance and sighed.

"It's not important anyway," he said. "What's important is that my father doesn't want his heirs to grow up to be useless good-for-nothings. He worked hard to get where he is now, and he wants us to do the same thing."

"Because of that, he instructed all of his children to build a Zephyx Manufacturer Company and earn enough to buy 0.05% of Kugelblitz. Otherwise, we don't get to use our family's resources," Wyntor explained.

"0.05%?" Nick asked. "How much is that? Like a thousand credits?"

Wyntor snorted. "More like 50 million."

Nick's eyes shot open in shock.

50 million credits?!

Wait, and Wyntor's father owned 20% of that company?!

How much money was that?!

Wyntor smirked when he saw that Nick was finally surprised by his background.

"Anyway," he said, "In comparison to my siblings, I refuse to get taken advantage of by the Zephyx Manufacturers in the inner city and came out here where there is basically zero competition."

"I need a Zephyx Extractor to get my business off the ground, and since I don't have a Specter, I can't just recruit normal people. I need someone that already has an attuned Zephyx Synchronizer."

"Albert told me that I would find someone meeting my criteria in the central marketplace of the Dregs, and that's why we are here now."

By now, Wyntor's anxiety and uncertainty in his demeanor had completely vanished, replaced by a competent, direct, and charismatic businessman.

"I want to employ you as my Chief Zephyx Extractor."

"And the first thing we need is to capture a Specter!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7 - 7 – Specters
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm in!" Nick immediately answered.

Wyntor was a bit taken aback.

"That was quick," he said with a couple of blinks. "Don't you want to know anything about your job? Salary? Duties?"

"Is it worse than my current situation?" Nick asked.

Wyntor glanced around the broken and dirty home. Even though this was one of the bigger houses in the Dregs, it was still in horrendous condition.

"The chances of death are rather high," Wyntor commented. "After all, you have to interact with Specters."

Nick nodded. "So, I gotta beat some Specters up. No big deal."

Wyntor furrowed his brows in skepticism. "Do you even know what a Specter is?"

"Powerful animals or humans with some abilities, right?" Nick asked casually. "As long as I can punch them, they can die, right?"

Wyntor took a deep breath and sighed.

"That's true for some of them, but that is not the majority," he answered. "Do you know what Zephyx is?"

"Stuff we get from Specters," Nick answered with a confident nod.

"Yes, but what is it?" Wyntor asked with another sigh.

Silence.

"Energy?" Nick asked with uncertainty.

Wyntor just snorted. "That's a copout answer. You can say everything is energy, and you wouldn't be wrong."

"Have you ever heard of Prephyx?"

"Prefix? The stuff you put before words?" Nick asked.

"No, Prephyx, spelled P-R-E-P-H-Y-X, not P-R-E-F-I-X. It's like Zephyx but with pre- instead of ze-."

Nick shook his head.

"Alright," Wyntor said with a bit of annoyance. "Lemme just give you a quick rundown of how the world actually works."

Nick nodded and listened to Wyntor.

"Prephyx is an invisible force of energy that exists all over the world. It can only be detected by very advanced equipment and by very powerful Extractors. Prephyx has an incredible amount of energy stored inside of it."

"Sadly, we can't access the Prephyx in the atmosphere. We simply don't have any means to actually make use of the energy stored inside the Prephyx."

"When the Prephyx in the atmosphere gains a certain level of density, it can create a Specter. A Specter is something that can transform Prephyx into Zephyx, which is a usable form of Prephyx."

"A Specter is not necessarily alive, and it is not necessarily intelligent. Additionally, Specters are unique, which means that there is only one Specter of any kind in the world. There are never two or more Specters that are identical. In general, Specters appear in one of three different forms, but there can be exceptions.

"One, a Force Specter. A Force Specter can be an intelligent or non-intelligent being that consists of forms of energy. For example, the Specter we call The Fog is a formless cloud of something that mimics fog."

"It is unintelligent and only follows its basic instinct. From time to time, it wanders through some parts of the city and engulfs someone. That person will then wander aimlessly in the fog until they die of starvation."

"You can't feel The Fog. You can't punch The Fog. You can't run out of The Fog. If it catches you, you will die unless you are a strong Zephyx Extractor that has equipment and abilities based on Zephyx."

"Is The Fog still around?" Nick asked.

Wyntor laughed bitterly. "Have you forgotten what I said earlier? When Prephyx reaches a certain density, a Specter can appear."

"Something like The Fog is extremely difficult to contain. Additionally, it only consumes about one human every month. The Fog is a level two Specter, which makes it stronger than the most common Specters, but it only consumes one human every month."

"Now, if we were to kill it, its energy would disperse into the atmosphere again, and we would quickly find a couple more level one Specters in the world, and chances are that they will cost more human lives than The Fog."

"Wait!" Nick shouted. "But can't we just store all the Zephyx of The Fog after killing it?"

Surprisingly, Wyntor nodded. "We can."

"But it doesn't change anything."

"What?" Nick asked in surprise.

Wyntor nodded again. "Naturally, when we kill a Specter, we store all their energy, but it doesn't change anything. If we ignore all the energy and let it disperse, a couple of level one Specters will appear. If we store all the energy and don't let it disperse, a couple of level one Specters will still appear."

"No matter what we do, killing a Specter will always result in the creation of more, weaker Specters."

Nick looked at the ground with a worried expression.

That was… troublesome.

This meant that they couldn't possibly get rid of the Specters.

Wyntor noticed Nick's crestfallen expression. "It's not as hopeless as you think."

Nick looked at Wyntor.

"Humanity's ultimate plan for survival is to contain every single Specter in the world without killing them. If we can do that, all the Specters would essentially become irrelevant since they wouldn't be a danger anymore," Wyntor explained.

Nick furrowed his brows again. "That sounds difficult. There are probably a lot of Specters."

"Oh, the numbers aren't the problem," Wyntor said casually. "You have no idea how powerful Extractors can become. The issue isn't the number, but the power of the Specters."

"Please remember that everything we are talking about is subject to the NDA. If you tell anyone else about it, your life will essentially be forfeit."

Nick nodded.

Wyntor nodded back. "Specters are categorized into different levels of power. Every new Specter starts at level one. This makes them more powerful than every normal human, but people with an attuned Zephyx Synchronizer can fight them."

"Specters and Extractors can both become more powerful. The strongest Zephyx Extractors that exist are level eight, and we have a single-digit number of them."

"However, there is a two-digit number of level eight Specters in the world."

Nick looked with shock at Wyntor.

And then, Nick remembered something he had witnessed several times by now.

"What about Nurse Alice?" he asked.

Everyone knew about Nurse Alice.

Everyone in the Dregs had seen Nurse Alice.

And everyone knew that Nurse Alice was a Specter.

Wyntor sighed. "Nurse Alice is one of the five level nine Specters."

Nick took a deep breath.

"There are exactly five level nine Specters in the world, and even if all of humanity banded together, we wouldn't be able to stop even a single one of them."

"Nurse Alice is probably the most damaging Specter in the entire world. She kills hundreds and sometimes even thousands of humans every single day."

"But her power is so great that nobody can do anything against her."

"She does whatever she wants, and we can do nothing but watch."

"And there are four more like her."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8 - 8 – Kill The Sun
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick thought back to the last time he had seen Nurse Alice.

It was a bit more than two months ago.

The people had gathered in the marketplace to pay their Blood Tax, and a man had just stolen all the credits of a frail young woman.

It had been quite obvious that she had already paid with her blood for the last or even the last two times.

After she had lost her credits, she just looked at the ground with a dead expression.

And then, she had uttered The Sentence.

"I wish I were dead."

At that moment, the marketplace fell silent.

Everyone knew what it meant to say The Sentence.

A minute later, a girl with a bright and kind smile walked into the marketplace. She looked like she was in her late teens, and she wore a clean pink nurse's outfit.

No one dared to stand in her way, and even though the marketplace was filled to the brim, the people still managed to make a wide road for the kindly smiling nurse.

The nurse walked over to the woman, who was still kneeling in the middle of the marketplace.

The woman looked up when the nurse stopped in front of her.

The nurse just kindly smiled at her. "I'm Nurse Alice, and I'm here because you called me," she said with a kind and empathetic tone. "Just calm down. It will be over soon, and you won't feel any pain or discomfort."

The woman looked at the ground again.

A moment later, Nurse Alice kneeled down beside her and slowly moved her right palm over the woman's eyes, like someone that was closing the opened eyes of a corpse.

When she had closed her eyes, the woman had already died.

Nurse Alice gently laid the corpse on the ground and stood up with a kind smile.

A moment later, she vanished from the marketplace.

If anyone in the world uttered something akin to "I wish I were dead," "I want to die," "Just kill me," "I don't want to live anymore," or anything similar to that, Nurse Alice would appear and grant that wish.

It didn't matter whether the person wanted it or not. After uttering The Sentence, Nurse Alice would kill them.

Even if The Sentence were said as a joke, it didn't matter.

If anyone, for any reason, uttered something akin to The Sentence, Nurse Alice would arrive and end their life.

Have you ever said anything like that in your life?

Maybe when a loved one died.

Maybe when your head was hanging in the toilet after too much drinking.

Maybe when something really embarrassing happened.

The occasion didn't matter.

As long as anyone said it, Nurse Alice would arrive.

"And she's only one of the five level nine Specters?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "Three of the level nine Specters are unmissable. I can guarantee you that almost everyone has seen the three of them in their life before. Do you know the other two?"

Nick quickly nodded. "I know one of them. It's the one that resides in the darkness."

"Correct," Wyntor said. "The Nightmare is one of the five level nine Specters, and it is omnipresent in all the dark places in the world. The darker the place, the stronger its influence."

Nick remembered one of the many times he had encountered The Nightmare.

Nick had once been searching for food, which was why he had walked into the sewers. Luckily, the ceiling of the sewers was mostly made of grates, which meant that the omnipresent sun could also illuminate them.

However, there had been some dark corridors in the sewers as well, and whenever Nick walked through them, he heard the whispers.

Human voices appeared in the darkness, telling Nick that everyone was trying to kill him and that nobody cared whether he lived or died.

The whispers were trying to fill Nick's mind with paranoia, depression, self-doubt, hatred, anger, and every other kind of negative emotion.

They wanted to warp Nick into a different person.

Luckily, the dark corridors hadn't been that dark and long, which made it possible for him to quickly get through them and find a rat to eat.

The existence of The Nightmare was also the reason why many newly built "houses" in the Dregs purposefully created several holes in the ceiling and walls.

Being in the darkness was extremely dangerous, which was why everyone avoided being in dark places.

The Nightmare and Nurse Alice were so powerful that it didn't matter where someone was.

Their influence extended across the entire world.

"Do you also know of the third one?" Wyntor asked.

Nick thought about the question for a while, but eventually, he just shook his head.

"Surprisingly," Wyntor said, "the third one is the most conspicuous of all."

Then, Wyntor pointed up.

Nick looked up and saw that Wyntor was pointing at a hole in the ceiling, and Nick could see the Sun through that hole.

"It's The Sun," Wyntor said.

Nick's eyes widened.

The Sun?

Wait, the Sun is a Specter?!

"Surprising, right?" Wyntor commented.

Nick just nodded.

"We have managed to somewhat calculate and understand the powers of the other four level nine Specters, but when it comes to The Sun, we are essentially still blind."

"It is everywhere all the time. Anyone that flies above a certain height immediately ceases to exist. Everyone sees The Sun exactly above them at all times. It doesn't matter on which side of the planet you are. The Sun is always at the same spot for everyone individually."

"And most shocking of all, its light is real. The entire world is illuminated by its light. It has the power to illuminate the entire world at the same time without having to take a break."

"The sheer amount of energy that requires is incomprehensible."

"All of humanity agrees that The Sun is the most powerful Specter that exists in the world, and it is the biggest obstacle standing between humanity and freedom."

"If humanity ever wants to achieve freedom, there's only a single thing we need to do."

"Kill The Sun."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9 - 9 – Null
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick just looked with shock at Wyntor.

Kill The Sun?

How?!

How could a human destroy something as powerful as the sun?!

What would even happen after it was destroyed?!

"Of course," Wyntor added, "all of that is far in the future, and we might not witness it in our lifetime."

Nick looked at the hole in the ceiling again.

In the last couple of minutes, the world had become much bigger to him.

Until now, Nick had just wanted to get a good job to live a better life, but now he had heard about so many grand things.

Humanity was several times weaker than the collective Specters.

Nick only sighed.

Nick had seen horrible things in the Dregs, and he wanted to change the world.

Surprisingly, Nick's issue wasn't with the gangs or the robbers but with the system.

The people simply did what they could to survive.

If there were enough to go around, people might not kill each other as much.

Sure, greed would always be present, but it wouldn't be so overwhelming.

Sadly, Nick knew that he was just one man.

He couldn't change anything.

So, the next best thing was to live a good life without having to compromise his moral compass.

If he had the power to change things, he would, but he didn't, and he most likely never will.

After a couple of seconds of silence, Nick sighed. "What about the other two?"

"The fourth one is The Maw," Wyntor explained. "The Maw is not something that the majority of people will ever come into contact with since it exclusively interacts with Zephyx Extractors."

"From time to time, it grabs a group of Extractors and forces them to fight each other until only a single one survives, who is then allowed to leave."

Nick sighed. "And there's nothing we can do?"

Wyntor just shook his head.

"What about the last one?" Nick asked.

Wyntor looked a bit troubled and furrowed his brows. "The last one is difficult to talk about since it is rather special."

"No one knows what it looks like, and no one knows where it is, but the effects of its existence are indisputable."

Wyntor looked up at The Sun through the hole. "In a way, it's the opposite of The Sun."

"Everyone's attention is fixed on The Sun, almost like it is afraid of not being seen by everyone in the world. The fifth level nine Specter is the opposite."

"It's like it doesn't dare to show itself."

"No one is allowed to know what it looks, sounds, tastes, smells, or feels like. There have been cases in which some powerful Extractors analyzed all the scattered clues of its existence."

Wyntor looked at the ground with a troubled expression. "One day, that group died, and all their findings were destroyed along with them."

Then, Wyntor looked at Nick. "But interestingly enough, nothing else was damaged. Only the things relevant to it had been destroyed."

"Due to the manner of its existence, we call it Null."

"Null…" Nick repeated with a shocked voice.

Wyntor just raised an eyebrow. "Why are you so surprised? Specters have strange abilities."

Nick looked at the ground.

After a bit, he looked at his hands with an unsure expression.

"I think I understand now," he said. "That's why Albert was so interested in me."

Wyntor looked with quite some interest at Nick. "Do tell."

Nick looked at Wyntor.

"I think I've seen Null before."

For just an instant, Wyntor was taken aback, but he quickly became skeptical. "If you did, you would be dead."

Nick slowly shook his head. "I think I have seen it before, but I do not know what it looks, smells, tastes, sounds, or feels like."

Wyntor blinked several times. "What?" he asked in confusion.

"I have amnesia," Nick said. "I don't remember anything from before I was ten. My earliest memory is waking up in a room in a random house in the Dregs. I lived in the house for a couple of days, but some people came in and threw me onto the streets."

Wyntor looked with intensity at Nick. "And what makes you believe that you have seen Null?"

"My attuned Zephyx Synchronizer," Nick said. "It has been attuned ever since I remember."

"Speaking of," Wyntor said. "I need to know what kind of ability you have. Can you show me?"

Nick laughed helplessly. "That's the thing."

"It's impossible."

"I can't show you my ability."

Wyntor's expression became skeptical. "Then, how am I supposed to believe that you even have one?"

"I have one, but I can't show you," Nick said.

"Explain," Wyntor said.

"I can only use my ability when no one can see me," Nick explained. "When no one can see me, I can move about five times faster, and my body is several times stronger."

Wyntor rubbed his chin in thought. "That is a very substantial increase in power. Can you prove your ability in some way?"

Nick remembered the time he had fixed the hole in the ground by breaking part of a house and nodded.

"Follow me," Nick said as he walked out of the house.

Wyntor followed Nick, and the two of them stopped beside a ruin of a house.

After a bit of testing, Nick found an iron plate that had been bolted onto two stable beams.

No normal human could get the iron plate off the beams without tools.

"Wait on this side," Nick said as he walked to the other side.

Wyntor waited with raised eyebrows.

BOOOM!

Wyntor's eyes shot open in shock as he saw a big dent appear on the iron plate!

BOOOM!

Another huge dent appeared after an explosive sound!

"That enough?" Nick asked as he walked out from behind the plate.

Wyntor still had difficulties believing Nick.

What if Nick had prepared some kind of contraption that he could quickly hide after using it?

Wyntor wanted to test Nick some more, but after several minutes of different kinds of tests, Wyntor could only accept that what Nick was claiming was the truth.

As they returned to the house, Wyntor thought about Nick's ability, and when they sat down again, Wyntor had only one question.

"How can you use that ability against an opponent? As soon as you enter a fight with anyone, you effectively lose all your power."

Nick smiled uncomfortably.

"I have no idea."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10 - 10 – Everything Prepared
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Inside the house, the two of them returned to talking.

Wyntor and Nick talked about Nick's duties and the plans of development for their Zephyx Manufacturing Company.

Wyntor also told Nick about the two remaining categories of Specters since they had gotten sidetracked earlier.

The first one was a Force Specter, which represented a Specter in the form of something untouchable. The Fog had been used as an example.

The second kind of Specter was a Physical Specter. As the name suggested, a Physical Specter had a physical body. The body could be an animal, a human, a plant, an item, and so on.

For example, the Crimson Fungus was a Physical Specter. It could be touched, and it could be injured by a strong physical force, while something like The Fog couldn't be injured by a physical force, even though The Fog was vastly inferior to the Crimson Fungus.

Lastly, there were Possession Specters. These were Specters that did not have their own bodies. Instead, they took control over a living or non-living entity.

For example, Ghosty's Lab had once essentially won the lottery by finding The Glasses, which was a Possession Specter.

The Glasses was a level two Specter, and it simply looked like a pair of glasses. If anyone put on the glasses, their reality would slightly warp in very inconspicuous ways. Over a long-enough period of time, the wearer would become insane.

But that was it.

As long as one knew what was going on, it wouldn't be a big issue, and to top it all off, The Glasses produced Zephyx as long as someone wore them.

It didn't endanger anyone.

It didn't attempt to escape.

It was easy to get Zephyx from it.

It was the perfect Specter for Zephyx Manufacturers.

Naturally, Wyntor and Nick wanted to get a Possession Specter for their business, but finding one depended on luck and resources.

The two of them wouldn't even be able to do anything against a Force Specter since they didn't have any Zephyx Equipment yet. Without equipment made of Zephyx, it was impossible to interact with Force Specters.

Even worse, Force Specters were notorious for being hard to contain since most of them could just pass through walls.

Containing a Force Specter needed a highly advanced containment unit made of many different materials made of Zephyx.

In the end, they were left with going after a Physical Specter, but that came with its own challenges.

First, even a level one Specter was something that every Zephyx Manufacturer wanted. Even the really big ones.

Specters were very rare, and all the big Zephyx Manufacturers had people dedicated to finding clues about possible Specters.

Then, Nick also had to contain them, and lastly, he could only attempt to get a level one Specter.

A level two Specter was too powerful for a new Zephyx Extractor like Nick.

The rat that had tried to convince Nick to kill himself had once said that Nick had met two Specters.

Yet, Nick hadn't been able to see the Specters.

To Nick, it had been like he had never seen any Specters, which meant that the Specters had been either invisible or mixed among the crowd of people.

Surprisingly, Nick didn't doubt the rat's words. After all, he knew who the rat was.

In fact, everyone knew about the rats.

The rats were the minions of a very powerful Specter called The Parasite.

The Parasite was located somewhere in the wilderness, and nobody had seen it before.

In order to get human corpses, The Parasite took control of a huge swarm of rats and sent them into the city. Through its minions, it could interact with and sense the entire city.

And when someone was suicidal or depressed, one of the rats would walk out and try to convince that person to kill themselves.

While The Parasite was very powerful, its rats weren't very powerful, and forcefully attacking someone with a swarm of rats had proven to be very inefficient. Because of that, The Parasite tried to convince people to kill themselves without uttering The Sentence.

Despite everything, Nurse Alice wasn't the biggest fan of having the corpses of her clients defiled, which was why The Parasite didn't dare to consume the corpse of someone that had uttered The Sentence.

Nevertheless, The Parasite was very powerful, and it could probably find all kinds of Specters in the city.

Sadly, it was impossible to work with The Parasite. Otherwise, it would already be working with one of the bigger Zephyx Manufacturers.

Eventually, Wyntor and Nick ironed out all the details, and their working relationship was set in stone.

Wyntor was the owner, CEO, clerk, recruiter, and administrator of the company. Essentially, he was dealing with everything that wasn't related to interacting with Specters.

Nick was the Chief Zephyx Extractor, information gatherer, and security officer.

In short, Wyntor was the brains, and Nick was the muscles.

Wyntor also showed Nick the place he had bought for their company.

In the western edge of the Dregs, just a little bit before the actual city, Wyntor had bought a big warehouse.

In comparison to all the buildings in the Dregs, the warehouse actually wasn't made of rusty metal. Instead, it just looked plain.

Inside, the warehouse had been completely emptied except for one thing.

In the center of the warehouse was a steel cuboid, 5x5x3 meters big.

This was one of the cheapest containment units available, but it already cost a ridiculous sum to get one.

According to Wyntor, this Containment Unit had cost him over 200,000 credits.

It was made of extremely hard steel, and the walls were over 30 centimeters thick.

Nick even wanted to try if he could escape from it, but the walls were so hard that even he was helpless.

This kind of cheap Containment Unit could safely contain a level one Physical and Possession Specter, but it wouldn't work against Force Specters.

Even more, level two Physical Specters would have enough power to slowly chip away at the containment unit until it broke.

When Nick heard that, he realized how powerful a level two Specter actually was.

A level two Specter could break through this insanely solid room of metal?!

Eventually, everything had been prepared.

They had a Containment Unit.

They had an administrator.

They had a Zephyx Extractor.

Now, they were only missing the last piece.

A Specter.

As Nick walked back onto the streets, he just awkwardly scratched the back of his head.

"I have no idea where I can find one."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11 - 11 – Where to Start?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick had no idea where to start.

Everything had been prepared, and now, they only needed a Specter.

But where could they even get a Specter from?

The big Zephyx Manufacturers had several people searching for Specters at any given time while Nick was basically alone.

Sure, there was also Wyntor, but it wasn't his job to find and capture Specters.

'Should I search for a Specter with minions? I mean, I know about the Blood Mosquito and the Parasite, but both of them are too powerful.'

'Wait, do weak Specters even have minions, or does that require a lot more power?'

Nick just scratched the back of his head as he stood in front of the warehouse.

'There are three kinds of Specters, and I can't even attempt to get any Force Specters. That only leaves Possession Specters and Physical Specters.'

'I really doubt that I would easily find a Possession Specter since the Zephyx Manufacturers love those. At least, that was what Wyntor said.'

'That means I have to find a Physical Specter.'

'But where?'

Nick scratched the side of his head.

'I mean, I heard the outside is basically filled with Specters, but everybody knows that the outside is extremely dangerous. Level two Specters are already able to damage the walls of the Containment Unit, while I can't even make a dent in them. Obviously, level three Specters would be even more powerful.'

'I don't think going outside of the city would be a smart idea.'

Nick sighed.

'Guess that means I'm stuck searching for a Physical Specter inside the city.'

Nick still scratched the side of his head.

The next moment, he turned towards the direction of the Dregs.

'Maybe I should just start asking around?'

After a couple of seconds, Nick just shrugged and walked towards the Dregs.

'Sure, why not?'

Wyntor looked through one of the windows at Nick, who was walking away.

'I hope he finds one,' Wyntor thought with furrowed brows.

'And I also hope the one he finds isn't too strong.'

After a while, Nick's surroundings became dirtier and dirtier, making him feel like he had come back home.

The Outer City had been a bit too clean for Nick.

It almost felt unnatural.

Eventually, Nick reached the marketplace where he had sat for months with his sign.

Today was not tax day, which meant that the marketplace was quite normal.

People were talking with each other but still keeping a safe distance.

After all, everyone could potentially be dangerous in the Dregs.

Nick scratched the side of his head again.

Eventually, someone just so happened to meet Nick's eyes, and Nick walked towards them.

The person Nick was walking to was a thin adult man who seemed like he regretted accidentally meeting Nick's eyes right now.

"Hey!" Nick said with a friendly tone. "I'm searching for a Specter."

Near the beginning, the man seemed annoyed and uninterested, but when he heard the word Specter, he became nervous.

"A Specter? Which one?!" he asked with worry.

"Ehm, I don't really know?" Nick said with uncertainty.

This confused the man. "What? But you just said you were searching for one!"

"I mean, yeah," Nick answered with an awkward laugh. "You see, I am a new Zephyx Extractor, and I'm searching for my first Specter, you know?"

When the man heard that, he calmed down a bit, but then, he became angry.

"Then stop talking like you lost a Specter! I thought I was in danger or something!" he shouted.

"Yes, yes, sorry and stuff," Nick said as he tried to sound nice. "So, you got any hints?"

"No," the man answered with annoyance, "and even if I had any, why would I give them to you? I would just tell the Investigators. At least they would give me enough money for the next couple of payments."

Nick could only sigh.

The Investigators were people who worked for Zephyx Manufacturers, and their job was to find clues about Specters.

Naturally, a couple of Zephyx Manufacturers had already opened some kind of service point where the residents of the city could give them clues regarding Specters.

And Nick?

What did Nick have to offer?

Literally nothing.

"Thanks anyway," Nick said with a sigh.

The man snorted when he heard Nick. Apparently, he was still a bit angry about the scare Nick had given him.

Nick left the man behind and went to a clerk from one of the stalls.

That clerk basically said the same thing.

He was annoyed that Nick was wasting his time with useless talk and told Nick that he would just go to the Investigators if he had some clues.

After asking a couple more people, Nick realized that there was really basically nothing he could gain from talking to the people.

They would all just contact the Investigators because of the money.

Sure, Nick could probably ask Wyntor for some money to pay the people, but how many people would actually trust Nick's words, and more importantly, how many of the clues would actually lead to Specters?

After over two hours of asking around, Nick still hadn't found a clue regarding a Specter.

Eventually, Nick just decided to patrol.

The people were of no help anyway.

Nick walked through several small and remote alleyways, and the floor became more and more unstable.

The Dregs were way too big for the number of people that lived here.

The issue was the amount of money in circulation and the available food.

Theoretically, if two people lived in one house, just this part of the Dregs could hold over 10,000 people.

Yet, there were barely 2,000.

Because of that, there were plenty of abandoned places in the Dregs.

Usually, there was no point in going there.

Everything worthwhile had already been looted and stolen, while Specters hunted humans, which meant that they were also more likely to be amongst humans.

And the abandoned Dregs basically didn't have any humans.

Yet, Nick was already out of options, and this was the best thing he could do right now.

Maybe a Specter had its nest and hiding place in the abandoned parts and only went amongst humans when they were hungry?

"Hey."

When Nick heard that voice, his brows furrowed.

"What do you want?" Nick asked in annoyance as he looked at one of the broken plates of rusty metal.

A moment later, the small head of a rat poked out of a hole in the plate.

"I heard you were searching for a weak Specter," the rat said with a grin.

"I am," Nick said.

Naturally, Nick knew exactly who he was talking to right now.

The Parasite.

The Specter that tried to convince him to kill himself.

"I know of a couple," the rat said with a chuckle. "Interested?"

Nick raised one of his eyebrows.

"I am," he said after some hesitation.

"Alright," the rat said with a grin.

"I want five bodies."

"Bring me five bodies that have not been killed by Nurse Alice, and I will tell you where you can find a fitting one."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12 - 12 – Morals
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick scratched his chin for a bit.

The rat looked with interest at Nick.

"Not interested," Nick said after a bit.

"Oh, come on," the rat shouted, but it still didn't dare to leave its little hole. "It's just five bodies! You don't even need to kill them yourself!"

"No, killing is forbidden," Nick answered.

"So?" the rat asked. "Who cares?"

"I do," Nick said. "I am a real Zephyx Extractor now. I can't do such shady stuff."

The rat blinked very slowly.

"What?" it asked in a disbelieving and deadpan voice. "Extractors kill the most people. They can basically kill whoever they want. They just need to pay a fine for it."

Nick scratched the back of his head. "I mean, I get it, but I don't like it."

"It feels dirty."

The rat looked like it couldn't believe what Nick was saying.

"What are you talking about? I literally saw you kill that guy from the Insurance Gang and dump his body in the ruins!" the rat shouted.

"Ruins?" Nick asked.

"The sewers! The stuff below the grates you're walking on!" the rat shouted with annoyance.

"Oh, that," Nick said. "Yeah, I killed him, but that was because he was trying to collect information on me. It was self-defense."

"Self-defense? The guy was just looking at your house! You punched his face in before he could even do anything!"

"Yeah, like I said, self-defense!" Nick answered with annoyance. "He went against me, and I answered in kind."

The rat scratched on the grate below it with annoyance. "Okay, fine! It was self-defense! Then, go out and make some enemies and self-defend yourself into five corpses!"

"No," Nick answered.

Silence.

"Why?" the rat asked.

"I don't want to kill people that haven't done anything to me."

"I have morals, you know!" Nick shouted with a serious tone.

"Morals," the rat repeated with annoyance.

"Yes, morals," Nick answered.

"Okay," the rat said. "Then go purchase five corpses or something. Your employer looks like he has money."

"Can't," Nick answered. "We are not allowed to keep the corpses."

"Also, I heard that the entire city is basically looking for you, and if anyone found out that I purchased some corpses to hand them to you, the city would probably kill me."

The rat took a deep breath.

"Okay, okay," it said. "Anyway, my offer still stands. If you are ever interested in some information, just give me some corpses. I don't care where they come from. As long as they are human and have not been killed by Nurse Alice, I am fine with any."

"Anyway, good luck finding a Specter without me," the rat said with a snort before it vanished back into its hole.

When Nick heard that, he furrowed his brows again and scratched the back of his head.

He really didn't like his current situation.

Just now, the Parasite had given him a chance to find a Specter, but he had declined.

In the end, Nick could only sigh and accept his circumstances.

Of course, as someone who had lived in the Dregs for his entire life, Nick was a very practical person.

Naturally, he had considered the Parasite's offer seriously.

However, no matter how he reasoned with himself, Nick just couldn't accept helping the Parasite.

The Parasite was a Specter that killed a great number of humans.

Essentially, it was preying on the weak.

Over the years, Nick had looked at the huge pyramid that symbolized the Inner City countless times, and whenever he saw the difference between it and the Dregs, he felt very similar.

Just based on how the tax system worked, Nick could tell that the rich Zephyx Manufacturers in the Inner City were preying on the weak and poor people of the Dregs.

This created a certain hatred for people who preyed on weaker ones.

If everyone could just give a little of their belongings, there wouldn't be so many dying people in the Dregs.

Naturally, Nick knew that this was a very na?ve ideology. Something like this would never happen.

Yet, even if the ideology was na?ve, it was still what Nick wished for.

Nick couldn't change the world, but he could live his own life after his own standards, at least.

And Nick wouldn't take advantage of the weak people.

Taking advantage of the ones in power, like the Gangs, sure, but not of the weak ones.

Would it be easier to just accept how the world was and go with the flow?

Of course.

'But I don't need things to be easy,' Nick thought. 'I'm strong enough to have morals.'

Nevertheless, Nick threw one last glance at the hole where the rat had just been.

He felt a bit of regret.

Someone with Nick's knowledge and strength could probably find five corpses without being found.

But in the end, Nick just couldn't do it.

So, Nick just continued walking through the alleyways.

Eventually, the metal below Nick's feet became so unstable that he had to stop.

By now, Nick was pretty close to the huge wall around the city.

Rows upon rows of silver cameras lined the top of the walls, and they were looking in and out of the city.

Naturally, several cameras were also pointing at Nick at the moment.

However, that wasn't anything unusual.

After a bit, Nick just turned around and left this part of the Dregs again.

Nick looked for a different abandoned part and continued his search there.

Hours passed.

Still nothing.

Nick returned home, ate something, and went to bed.

The next day, he continued searching.

Nothing.

The next day, he went and talked to different people all day.

Nobody had anything of value to say.

Nick also met an Investigator that day, who only laughed at Nick.

The Investigators had already found out that Nick was searching for Specters, and apparently, Nick had become a joke within their ranks.

They found it quite hilarious that some unknown guy from the Dregs was searching for Specters while he was up against several huge companies with hundreds of employees.

Nick didn't talk to the Investigator.

Another day passed.

Another day passed.

Another day passed.

Nothing.

Nick found absolutely nothing.

Yet, Nick didn't give up.

He still continued searching.

There had to be something, somewhere!

If Nick didn't find something, his future would become grey and empty again!

Nick wanted to make something of his life, and for that to happen, he needed to find something.

He wouldn't give up!

No matter how long it took!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13 - 13 – Job Offer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick kept going to the marketplace and asking people for several days.

By now, many people were already telling him that they knew nothing before he could even ask his questions.

Constantly getting rejected by everyone didn't feel great, but Nick knew that he had to keep at it.

There had to be some weak Specters somewhere in the city.

Of course, the Inspectors also kept ridiculing Nick.

Yet, Nick never truly reacted to the ridicule.

He just kept on asking around and searching.

Ten days after Nick had started searching, some small things started to change.

The people had assumed a more neutral stance instead of directly telling Nick to go away.

On top of that, the Inspectors actually stopped making fun of Nick.

The reason for that was that the Inspectors were actually a bit impressed by Nick's grit.

Not many people could continue doing something after getting shut down by literally everyone around them.

Another two days later, one of the Inspectors actually stopped in front of Nick.

It was a middle-aged man with black hair and a goatee.

His build could be described as athletic. He wasn't thin, but he also wasn't fat.

"Nick, right?" the Inspector asked.

Nick just furrowed his brows and walked past the Inspector.

"Hey, wait a minute! I'm not here to ridicule you," the Inspector shouted.

Nick turned around and looked at the Inspector with a raised eyebrow.

"I've heard from my people that you have been searching for a Specter for about two weeks," the Inspector said. "They are talking quite a lot about you. Near the beginning, it was mostly jokes and ridicule, but by now, quite a few of them actually admire your tenacity."

Nick just nodded. "Thanks. Is there anything else?"

The eyebrows of the Inspector rose, but the next second, he just chuckled a bit in amusement. "So curt and off-putting. Well, you are from the Dregs, after all."

Nick didn't like the condescending tone of the Inspector and just turned around to walk away.

The Inspector just chuckled a bit.

"Want a job?"

Nick stopped walking, and his brows furrowed as he turned back to look at the Inspector. "A job?"

"Yes, as an Inspector," the Inspector said. "Even though you don't know the nuances of finding clues of Specters, your tenacity and grit are commendable."

"Teaching someone how to do something isn't difficult. Teaching them how to gain tenacity and grit is."

"I'm offering you a position as an Inspector in my team," the man said. "Interested?"

Naturally, Nick was interested.

Sure, he had already signed a contract with Wyntor Melfion, but his relationship with Wyntor was strictly business.

"I already have an attuned Zephyx Synchronizer. Is there a way for me to become a Zephyx Extractor in the future?" Nick asked.

The Inspector's eyes rose, and he looked at Nick again.

Only now did the Inspector take conscious note of Nick's formidable muscles.

He had heard that Nick was a new Zephyx Extractor, but after looking more closely at the business Nick was in, the Inspector could just shake his head.

There were only two people in there, and one of them was Nick.

They didn't even have a Specter.

In essence, Nick wasn't even an official Zephyx Extractor at this point. After all, he hadn't extracted even one unit of Zephyx.

There were several people in the Dregs with attuned Zephyx Synchronizers. There were not many, but there were definitely over ten.

It wasn't unusual for someone to come into contact with a Specter.

Yet, none of these people could become actual Zephyx Extractors.

It took way more than just that.

So, the Inspector hadn't considered Nick special.

But after meeting Nick face to face, the Inspector realized that Nick actually didn't seem weak.

He had tenacity, a strong body, guts, and willpower.

He could actually become a Zephyx Extractor.

Sadly…

The Inspector could only sigh. "While it happens occasionally, Inspectors don't often become Extractors, and the few ones that do don't have attuned Synchronizers."

"I can't make the decision on that, but based on my personal experience, I would say the chances are very low."

"Sorry."

Nick furrowed his brows and looked at the ground.

Even though Nick had just essentially heard that he wouldn't become a Zephyx Extractor, he was still a bit tempted to accept the offer.

What was Nick's goal in life?

Right now, Nick only wanted to have a nice future.

He didn't want to worry about money.

He didn't want to constantly be on guard because somebody might break into his house to kill him.

Nick just wanted an easier and more colorful life.

Nick knew that an Inspector didn't come close to an Extractor in terms of payment and status, but it was a solid job, at least.

That was something that no one living in the Dregs could claim to have.

While the lowest-ranking Inspectors didn't live in the Inner City, they definitely could live in the actual Outer City.

Normal houses.

Normal food.

Normal work.

It was already a major step up from living in the Dregs.

And yet…

"I'm sorry," Nick said with a sigh. "I can't accept."

"Can you tell me why?" the Inspector asked.

"I don't exactly know why," Nick answered. "I only know that I want to give life my best shot."

"I actually want to see if I can capture a Specter and become a real Zephyx Extractor."

"If I don't try, I will forever regret it."

"And if I fail, I can still accept, right? It's not like this is only a one-time offer," Nick explained.

The Inspector sighed. "No, it isn't. Naturally, if you want the position, just tell any of the local Inspectors."

Nick nodded. "Then, thank you for the offer and for understanding. I'm genuinely sorry that I can't accept at this moment."

The Inspector nodded. "No problem," he said.

"Then, have a good one," Nick said as he turned around to walk away.

As the Inspector watched Nick turn around, he seemed to struggle with something.

It was like an inner conflict was currently taking place in the Inspector's mind.

For a while, the Inspector just looked at Nick.

When he saw Nick walk up to a person he had already asked twice in the last ten days, the Inspector sighed again.

"Nick, come over here," he said, waving Nick over.

Nick stopped and looked back at the Inspector.

After a bit, Nick turned around and walked up to the Inspector.

"Yes?" he asked.

The Inspector scratched the side of his head with a bitter smile.

"How important is this to you?" the Inspector asked.

Nick furrowed his brows. "Pretty important. It's my life, you know?"

"How good are you in dark places?" the Inspector asked.

Nick looked to the side.

The Nightmare, one of the five level nine Specters, was omnipresent, and whenever anyone entered a dark place, the Nightmare would start to poison their minds with doubt, hatred, anger, and all manners of negative emotions.

Everyone avoided the dark.

"It's difficult to resist," Nick answered.

"Can you survive for an hour without any major trauma?" the Inspector asked.

Nick furrowed his brows again.

He didn't answer for a while.

"Not sure."

The Inspector looked at Nick with concern for a couple of seconds.

But then, he sighed.

"I know where you can find a Specter."

"And it shouldn't be that powerful."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14 - 14 – The Dreamer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and the Inspector walked to the side into an abandoned alleyway.

Nick was highly interested in what the Inspector had to say.

After nearly two weeks, Nick had finally found a clue!

When they arrived in the alleyway, Nick just nodded at the Inspector.

The Inspector looked around.

"I'm not supposed to tell you about this," the Inspector said. "Information regarding Specters is top secret."

"Why are you telling me?" Nick asked.

"Well, there are a couple of reasons."

"First, I feel like I should help you a bit. I kind of feel bad for you when I see you try this desperately to find a Specter."

"Two, the Specter isn't being hunted by the Manufacturers anyway. This means that nobody would really miss it."

"And third, I don't fully agree with my employer's goal," the Inspector explained.

"Their goal?" Nick asked.

The Inspector nodded. "There are many Specters that we know about but don't capture. There are multiple reasons for that."

"Sometimes, it's incredibly difficult to find the actual location of the Specters. The Parasite is a good example. The entire city is after the Parasite, but nobody managed to track it down."

"Another reason is that some of the Specters are incredibly difficult to contain, and it's even more difficult to keep them contained. While there are Containment Units that can keep some Force Specters contained, there are still some of them that can't be contained."

"For example, outside the city is a Specter we call the Swallowing Swamp. It's just a huge swamp that's several kilometers wide. In order to contain that, we would need to commit monumental amounts of resources to it, which wouldn't be worth it."

"Some Specters are also just too powerful. Nurse Alice is a great example."

"And then, there are Specters that are living in places that are too difficult to get to. The one I'm going to tell you about is part of that category."

Nick became quite interested. "Where is it?"

The Inspector pointed at the floor, or more specifically, at the darkness beyond the metal grates everyone was walking on.

"The sewers," the Inspector said.

Nick also looked at the ground.

Since the floor was essentially made of metallic grates, everyone could see and smell the sewers.

In a way, the sewers didn't really look like sewers.

In truth, just a couple of meters below the grates, there was just a sea of horrible and dirty water.

If anyone broke a grate and fell through, they would fall for about ten meters and then plummet into a deep pile of water filled with piss, shit, waste, garbage, and so on.

There were cases where some of the victims were rescued, but most of them died quickly.

In general, the people started to puke violently, which often made them accidentally swallow more of the water. This increased their panic, and they started to rapidly splash around.

Oftentimes, they hit some kind of old and rusty nail, which then cut them open.

Additionally, the Parasite's minions, the rats, often piled onto the victim.

Falling into the sewers was a terrifying death.

Even more, not all of the floor was made of grates. There were also plenty of places with plates instead of grates.

If one had exceptionally bad luck, one might fall into a dark part of the sewers.

At that point, the Nightmare's influence also attacked them.

"In the sewers?" Nick asked.

The Inspector nodded.

Nick's heart rate increased, and he had to take a deep breath.

"Where is it exactly?" Nick asked.

"Are you really willing to jump into the sewers?" the Inspector asked with concern.

Nick took another deep breath.

Nick imagined himself standing in front of a hole, looking at the murky and dark liquid below.

Just the stench would make a normal person retch.

Jumping into that…

The mental image was horrifying.

To be honest, Nick hesitated a while.

It wasn't easy to jump into something like that.

The only good thing was that nobody would be seeing Nick down there, which would allow him to keep his unique ability active.

This meant that drowning or getting pricked by a sharp piece of metal was no real concern.

Nick's body became five times as powerful when no one was looking. That also meant that the durability of his skin and muscles increased.

As long as he didn't ram into a metallic spike jutting out of a solid wall with all his force, Nick wouldn't get wounded.

The rats also weren't that big of a problem.

Yes, the Parasite had a lot of rats, but every rat was valuable.

The rats would be able to overwhelm Nick, but Nick would take many of them with him.

Nick was quite sure that it wouldn't be worth the trade.

So, while the sewers were incredibly disgusting and horrifying, they were not actually a danger to Nick.

However, two other things would still prove to be very dangerous.

One, the Specter itself, whatever it was.

No Specter was weak, and Nick needed to overwhelm the Specter, catch it, and bring it back to the surface.

Two, the darkness.

The sewers were dimly lit at best, and there were also many places that were completely dark.

The darker the place, the greater the Nightmare's influence.

The Nightmare's powers affected every single human in the world.

It didn't matter how strong someone was.

Whether they were a normal person or one of the most powerful Extractors in the world.

All of them were affected by the Nightmare equally.

Power didn't matter.

Only mental fortitude mattered.

Nick would need to resist the Nightmare's influence for a prolonged period of time while also actively searching for the Specter.

Nick only looked to the side.

'He said that the Specter should be on my level, which means it's a level one Specter.'

'For a level one Specter, someone has to jump into the sewers and resist the Nightmare's influence. I can imagine that it wouldn't be worth the effort.'

Nick remained silent for several seconds.

"You know," the Inspector said.

Nick looked back.

"Maybe I misrepresented my reasons for helping you a bit," the Inspector added.

"The reasons I mentioned earlier still hold true, but the order might not be the most accurate."

"The thing I'm actually most concerned about is the last reason."

Nick only looked at the Inspector.

"When we find such a Specter," the Inspector explained, "my employer makes a risk assessment. Is it worth to go after it? What are the dangers? What is the potential profit?"

"Since this is only a level one Specter, it obviously isn't worth it. Because of that, we are just going to ignore the Specter."

"That is until it becomes a level three Specter."

Nick narrowed his eyes.

"You're saying that they want the Specter to feed on the population of the Dregs until it becomes a level three Specter?" Nick asked.

The Inspector looked to the side.

"Well, my employer is a business, and all businesses are made for profit. When there is no profit to be gained, we don't get involved."

"My employer isn't letting the Specter live just so that it can become more powerful."

"My employer just doesn't get involved since it's not worth it."

"My employer is not responsible for keeping the city safe. It's a business, not a charity. It's not my employer's job to protect the people."

Nick's demeanor didn't improve. "And if your employer told the city about the Specter?"

The Inspector didn't immediately answer.

"The city might do something about it," the Inspector added.

"But they would need to pay quite a hefty sum in return."

"Also, maybe one day, the Specter might become profitable enough to catch."

Nick didn't need to hear more.

Naturally, the Inspector wasn't allowed to speak ill of his employer, which was why he was wording it this vaguely, but Nick basically got the gist.

The Inspector's employer was willing to feed people to the Specter until it grew more powerful.

And the Inspector didn't like that.

Which was why he was telling Nick about it.

Earlier, Nick had still been on the fence, but now, not anymore.

"I'm doing it," Nick said.

The Inspector looked into Nick's eyes for a while.

The Inspector saw that they were filled with a bit of fear but also a lot of conviction.

The Inspector took a deep breath.

"It's called the Dreamer."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15 - 15 – Jumping In
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Wyntor stood in front of a destroyed street.

The Inspector had told Nick everything he knew about the Dreamer already, and Nick had also informed Wyntor.

As always, the sun was in the middle of the sky, and yet, the sea of toxic waste still seemed dark.

This part of the Dregs was abandoned, and the road had broken into many pieces, creating a sort of ramp towards the sewers.

Nick chose this spot since he also needed a place from where he could return.

At this moment, Wyntor was holding his nose with a white handkerchief, and he looked with disgust and concern at the dirty and grimy water.

The two of them looked at the disgusting water washing across the broken and lowered metal plates and grates for several seconds.

"And you're sure you want to accompany me?" Nick asked as he looked at Wyntor.

Wyntor didn't immediately answer.

"You really don't have to," Nick added. "As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, this is my job, not yours."

Wyntor just kept looking at the disgusting water.

He took several deep breaths.

Then, he started to retch and cough.

Yet, Wyntor kept looking at the dirty water.

A moment later, his legs shook a bit.

And finally, he sighed.

"I'm sorry," he said.

"It's fine," Nick said with a nod. "It's not your job."

"Nick, I'm really genuinely sorry," Wyntor added. "I honestly want to go with you, but I just can't."

"I don't have the courage."

"Sorry."

"It's fine, dude," Nick said with a bit of annoyance. "You can just stay here until I return. If I am accompanied by something that's attacking me, you can help me with that."

"I will," Wyntor answered with a nod.

After Nick had signed the NDA, Wyntor had also told Nick about his ability.

As one of the heirs to the Melfion family, Wyntor had received something to protect himself.

Wyntor's Zephyx Synchronizer was also already attuned to a Specter.

However, the ability the Specter gave people was not something that was very useful for a Zephyx Extractor.

It was basically only good for running away from someone.

Nevertheless, it was still very good at what it did.

While Wyntor couldn't capture any Specter on his own, he could still debilitate and weaken it.

Naturally, Wyntor had received that ability for two reasons.

First, his parents wanted Wyntor to have something that could protect him.

Second, they didn't want Wyntor to become a Zephyx Extractor, and the best way was for Wyntor's Synchronizer to already be occupied with a relatively useless ability for Extractors.

"If I see anything attacking you, I will immediately support you," Wyntor said with conviction.

Nick just nodded.

"Also, since I'm not accompanying you, I might as well give you these," Wyntor said as he took out three long tubes of glass.

Nick looked at them with furrowed brows. "What's that?"

"Arclight," Wyntor answered.

"And how will that help me?" Nick asked. "Everyone knows that artificial light sources don't help against the Nightmare."

"This is different," Wyntor said as he pointed at the three long tubes. "Each one is harvested from a level three Specter. They actually help against the Nightmare."

This surprised Nick quite a bit.

"Be careful with them," Wyntor added. "Each one costs around 10,000 credits, and they only work for a minute each."

"If you feel like you can't handle the Nightmare's influence anymore, just break one of them. An area of light will appear around you, but it will dissipate after around a minute."

"The Containment Unit and building already consumed most of my budget, and I can't afford more of these Arclights without jeopardizing our daily operations. Use them when necessary."

Nick looked at the three glass tubes with newfound appreciation and bound them to his thigh.

"Thanks," Nick said.

"Good," Wyntor said with a nod. "I hope everything turns out well for you."

"Thanks," Nick repeated.

Then, Nick took a deep breath.

At the same time, Wyntor turned around.

In order for Nick's powers to activate, Wyntor also wasn't allowed to see him.

For the next couple of seconds, Nick took several deep breaths.

Finally, Nick put on some diving goggles that Wyntor had bought him and jumped forward.

Nick could have just walked into the murky pool of water, but he feared that he would turn around if he came into contact with a bit of the liquid.

So, he decided to directly jump in.

SPLASH!

The splash was noticeably more lethargic and subdued compared to the typical splash of water.

It was just too viscous.

Thanks to his ability, Nick easily jumped forward for over five meters without needing a running start.

As soon as Nick touched the murky liquid, all his senses fired at the same time.

Nick felt several small pieces of cloth touch his skin.

He had also hit two small but solid objects, which were quickly pushed away by his body.

The next moment, Nick felt how incredibly sticky the liquid was.

In a way, it felt like the liquid was trying to trap him in place.

Some of the liquid went into Nick's ears and nose, and he had to do his best to resist the urge to vomit.

Disgusting.

All of Nick's body shouted at him that this was disgusting.

It was so bad.

However, instead of immediately panicking, Nick remained motionless in the liquid first.

He knew that he had to get acclimated.

Nick had already pulled his knees to his chest to make the surface area of his body as small as possible, but his body was still violently shaking.

He wanted to throw up so badly.

He just wanted to push his head above the surface and scream.

Yet, Nick just remained stationary.

For several seconds, Nick didn't move.

During these seconds, he felt several small pieces of cloth get caught by his body.

Finally, Nick slowly extended his body.

As he felt his chest and thighs come into contact with the liquid, his body shuddered again.

And then, Nick slowly swam upwards.

Splash!

Nick's head broke the surface, but he didn't immediately open his eyes. He knew that he was wearing diving goggles, but he had still closed his eyes.

Over the next seconds, Nick slowly opened his eyes as he looked upward.

Brown and green liquid was sparkling as the light of the sun shone through them.

Nick saw small pieces of bandages, and he even saw a couple of small pieces of bone on his diving goggles.

Piss, shit, bandages, bones, teeth, blood, rotten meat, insects, poisons, splinters, rusty metal, puke.

Together with water, all of that was creating the pool of liquid Nick was currently in.

A moment later, Nick slowly wiped his goggles, mouth, and nose clean.

Or, at least, as clean as he could.

Finally, Nick took a deep breath.

Surprisingly, the smell didn't feel as bad as before.

But that was the only positive thing.

"Nick, is everything alright?" Wyntor shouted, still turned away from Nick.

Nick took another deep breath.

"I'm fine," he answered.

"Good," Wyntor shouted back.

"I'm going to search now," Nick shouted.

"Good luck!" Wyntor shouted back.

The next moment, Nick took another deep breath.

And then, he swam forward, towards the endless depths of the sewers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16 - 16 – Ruins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick swam forward in silence.

From time to time, he could hear the sound of someone walking on the road above him, but that was about it.

All the other sounds were just the liquid sloshing around Nick's body and face.

CRK!

Nick's shin suddenly hit something solid, but thanks to his ability, his shin didn't receive any real damage.

The next moment, Nick stopped and used his feet to see what was below him. After all, the liquid was so murky that he couldn't even see further than ten centimeters.

Nick's feet found something big and stable beneath him.

In fact, Nick could even stand on it, allowing his torso to rise above the murky liquid.

'Wonder what that is,' Nick thought as he continued wading across the stable foothold.

Splash!

But after some seconds, Nick lost his footing and fell forward.

A moment later, Nick shot upward and scrambled back onto the stable foothold.

'It's in my mouth!'

Nick immediately started retching uncontrollably, and it only stopped over two minutes later.

'Note to self, don't breathe in while walking forward,' Nick thought.

'Anyway, seems like my foothold ended after about ten meters.'

'I guess that's the size of a house.'

A moment later, Nick decided to walk along the edge of the perceived building he was walking on, and within a minute, Nick had mapped out what he was standing on.

'Sure enough, it's a house,' Nick thought.

But then, Nick furrowed his brows. 'However, the form is unusual, and it's made of stone or brick instead of metal.'

'Almost all houses have a slanted roof because of the rainwater, but the roof of this one is perfectly flat.'

'Even more, all the houses above me are made of metal.'

'A house made of something as luxurious as stone would be far too expensive for the people living in the Dregs. Even the houses in the actual Outer City are mostly made of metal, albeit rust-free.'

That was when Nick remembered what the Parasite had said.

The Parasite had called the sewers ruins at some point.

'Ruins,' Nick thought. 'I guess this stone house is part of the ruins then.'

'But why are there buildings down here?'

'Obviously, no one is living down here. Yet, there are still valuable and functional houses.'

'Even more, the sewers wouldn't have swallowed everything if we had just lived in the houses to begin with.'

'Why did someone build a metallic city above this one?'

'I don't know,' Nick thought after some seconds, 'but one thing is clear.'

'Humans have lived here before.'

Nick looked around a bit.

'I want to know how big the house is.'

The next moment, Nick went to the edge of the house, took a deep breath, and dove down.

Nick's hands grabbed the rough stone of the house and pulled him downward.

Since no one was watching him, Nick easily managed to pull himself downward.

After descending for around ten meters, Nick reached the bottom, but when he felt it, he furrowed his brows in surprise.

'Metal?'

'The ground is made of metal here as well?'

The Dregs were buildings made of rusty metal sitting on top of grates and plates of rusty metal.

Below that, Nick imagined a stone house sitting on top of more metal.

'Then, is there even more?'

Nick pulled back and kicked the floor with all his power.

BOOOM!

The ground vibrated, but Nick suddenly felt pain in his leg.

He knew all too well where that pain came from.

He had hit something that was way too hard.

'This feels just as hard as the metal that Wyntor's Containment Unit is made of! I think he called it steel.'

'A house made of stone on top of a floor made of steel. This sounds way better than the rusty metal of the Dregs.'

Nick thought about this for a while.

'There's not enough information.'

A moment later, Nick shot towards the surface to get a "fresh" breath of air before returning underground.

Over the next few minutes, Nick mapped out the building. He even found the door and some windows.

'Sure enough, it's a residential house,' Nick thought.

By now, Nick had acclimated to the disgusting liquid, and as long as it didn't get into his mouth, he could keep his disgust in check.

As Nick looked down at the house below him, he suddenly got the urge to investigate further.

'Maybe there is some treasure inside?'

'Maybe there are some secrets to uncover?'

But then, Nick felt a bit of crackling from beneath his feet.

The house wasn't breaking apart, but it definitely wasn't stable.

That was when Nick realized something crucial.

'That's dumb!'

'There's no way anything valuable would be left! After all, the people who moved here to build the city must have cleared everything out already!'

The next moment, Nick narrowed his eyes.

Then, he remembered when this feeling had actually occurred.

While Nick had been deep below the surface, he had already had the urge to investigate the house.

In fact, the urge had been the strongest when Nick had found the door.

'It's already started.'

The liquid was so incredibly murky that no light reached a depth of even just two meters.

This meant that Nick had been in pure darkness down there.

'The Nightmare.'

The Nightmare's influence could be subtle or noticeable, whichever was more useful.

Naturally, the Nightmare had influenced Nick in a very subtle manner down there, slowly planting ideas into his head of riches and secrets.

If Nick had followed these urges, he would have been in quite a lot of danger.

The house was not stable, and even more, the Nightmare could also warp someone's perception and create illusions.

It could have made Nick move in a different direction than he wanted, and without being able to see or hear down there, Nick wouldn't be able to find his way out.

In the end, he might become panicked and break through the wall, but then, the house might collapse on top of him.

'The Nightmare has already influenced me.'

Nick took a deep breath.

'I have to be careful.'

The next moment, Nick decided to stop investigating the ruins below him.

Without a constant source of light, investigating the ruins was far too dangerous.

'I can look at them at some other time.'

'For now, I should look for the Dreamer.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17 - 17 – Rules of the Sewer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick focused on searching for the Dreamer.

'The Investigator doesn't know what the Dreamer looks like exactly, but he said that he knows it can fly.'

'Physical and Possession Specters of the first level are not nearly powerful enough to fly without wings, which means that the Specter is most likely a winged creature of some sort.'

As Nick swam forward, he kept looking upward.

Naturally, the Dreamer most likely didn't reside inside the actual murky liquid.

'It's probably living inside some of these structures.'

Naturally, there had to be some support for all the metallic plates and grates that made up the floor of the Outer City.

These supports came in the form of long and wide pillars of rusty metal, but they were not the only kinds of support.

Nick had already found a couple of other ruins jutting out of the liquid.

For example, there was a wide building made of stone that seemed to touch or fuse into the metallic plates above it.

There were also several other sizable buildings made of metal and stone jutting out of the pool.

While most of the normal pillars ended in a part of the street with a couple of plates, the sizable ruins that supported the city often ended in big areas of plates.

There were no grates for over ten meters around these big structures.

Additionally, most floors below the actual buildings in the dregs were also made of plates instead of grates.

In a way, since the sun was directly above Nick at all times, the map of the Dregs was reflected on the murky liquid in the form of shadows and big areas of darkness.

While Nick was swimming through the sewers, he was essentially following the roads of the Dregs above him.

It had a kind of bizarre sense of order.

Sadly, this meant that Nick couldn't fully investigate every part of the sewers without having to enter the darkness.

Many buildings were often clumped together, and since the people wanted to avoid the rising smell of the sewers as much as possible, they also replaced their floors with plates.

This created areas of pure darkness over a hundred meters wide.

Naturally, there were also ruins and supports in these areas, and Nick couldn't see much from a distance.

Nick was in the light, and if he wanted to look into the darkness, his eyes had to acclimate to darkness first.

This meant that he had to enter the darkness if he wanted to see in the darkness.

But for now, Nick avoided the darkness.

He would only enter when it was necessary.

Nick remained on the "streets" as he continued to search for any movement above him.

The good thing about the sewers was that they were so incredibly toxic and disgusting that not even insects came here.

The only movement Nick saw came from the rats scuttling across the ceiling of the sewers.

Surprisingly, not even the rats were swimming in the liquid.

Instead, they were scuttling across the metallic grates with their claws.

In fact, there were quite a lot of them.

In a certain way, these rats were the pedestrians of the sewers since they also followed the roads.

While Specters were not being hunted by the Nightmare, most of their minions were.

So, even the minions of a powerful Specter, like the Parasite, had to avoid the dark places.

Luckily, none of the rats were looking at Nick, keeping his ability active.

In the beginning, some of them had looked at him out of curiosity, but after Nick had thrown them a glare, they turned around.

If the Parasite annoyed Nick too much, Nick might decide to hunt its rats.

So, out of politeness, the Parasite tried to ignore Nick.

As long as it didn't antagonize Nick, Nick wouldn't antagonize it.

That was their unspoken agreement.

For several hours, Nick continued searching for the Dreamer.

The sewers were kilometers upon kilometers long, but luckily, not all the flooring was made of grates.

The Dregs didn't surround the city. After all, no city would want every single visitor to travel through the absolute worst place they had.

So, while the sewers covered most of the underground of the city, the Dregs were only about two kilometers wide and three kilometers long.

Nick was quite certain that the Dreamer didn't go outside the sewers below the Dregs.

First of all, the other parts of the cities had far more Zephyx Extractors, and if any of them found a level one Specter appearing near them, they would hunt it down.

Every Specter represented an incredible amount of wealth!

Additionally, the nicer parts of the town had the sewers completely isolated, making it impossible for the Dreamer to surface.

This meant that the Dreamer had to focus on the Dregs.

'By now, it should be late evening,' Nick thought.

The sun didn't move, but Nick's inner clock was telling him that it was getting late.

'According to the Inspector, the Dreamer has received its name due to the method it uses to hunt and feed.'

'Once a night, it leaves its nest and visits a sleeping person.'

'While they are asleep, the Dreamer creates terrifying nightmares for them but doesn't allow them to wake up.'

'For several hours, the person is stuck inside a terrifying nightmare.'

'The next day, the person wakes up again, but they feel even more tired than before they went to bed. Naturally, they also need a long time to recover from the mental stress.'

'Since it's already late in the evening, the first people should already be going to bed.'

'In at most a couple of hours, the Dreamer should leave its nest to feed.'

'That's when I can find it.'

'Sadly, I also need to reach it and sneak up on it.'

'That won't be easy.'

'But for now, I should wait.'

Nick went to one of the ruins that were below some grates and grabbed the edge.

Then, Nick slightly pulled himself down so that only his nose and eyes poked out.

He didn't want the Dreamer to see him when it searched for its food.

And like this, Nick waited.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18 - 18 – Nightmare
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick waited for several hours in the horrible liquid.

During this time, he had a lot of time to think.

For example, he had thought about how he had ended up in this place.

Naturally, after being inside such a disgusting place for so long, Nick had questioned his life choices.

But in the end, Nick thought that it actually wasn't so bad. After all, he was currently trying to turn his life for the better.

The worse it was, the fewer regrets he would have in the future in case he decided to accept the Investigator job.

At least, he could say that he had even swam through a pool of piss and shit in an effort to become a Zephyx Extractor.

By now, it was deep in the night, but the sun still shone brightly in the sky.

Way fewer people were walking around above the grates, and Nick had also seen a drop in streams of piss and nuggets of shit coming down through the grates into the pool.

Yet, Nick still hadn't seen the Dreamer.

He constantly kept a lookout for its whereabouts, but Nick just couldn't find it anywhere.

'It should be 12 a.m. already,' Nick thought with furrowed brows. 'Most people should be asleep already, and there should be plenty of victims to choose from for the Dreamer.'

'Yet, I haven't seen anything fly around.'

'From this position, I can basically look at everything below the Dregs, but I still can't see anything flying around.'

Naturally, Nick grew worried.

Just to be safe, Nick waited for another two hours.

But still, nothing.

'It should be 2 a.m. now, but I still don't see anything.'

By now, even Nick's powerful and strengthened skin started to get itchy all over.

The liquid was a bit acidic, and Nick had been in it for over eight hours by now.

In the end, Nick surfaced with a helpless sigh.

'Since it's not flying around, this can basically mean only one thing.'

'Its nest is directly below its victim's home.'

'That means it doesn't need to fly around to feed.'

Nick looked around and focused on the several big and dark spots in his surroundings.

The direct beams of light coming from above Nick created shadowy squares when blocked by the houses of the Dregs.

In a way, they created shadows of the houses themselves.

But instead of being two-dimensional, it was like the shadows took up the entire space below the houses, creating a sort of black domain.

However, there were also a few houses with a couple of small grates, representing small spots of light.

These grates were mostly left in the houses as toilets.

'For now, I should focus on the houses with toilets.'

Nick created a map inside his head of the layout and started from the edge of the Dregs.

After swimming for a while, Nick stopped in front of the first dark place.

In front of Nick was a shadowy area, around twenty meters wide and fifty meters long.

There were two grates in that area of darkness.

Naturally, houses in the Dregs didn't get that big. This was simply a small block of houses with two toilets.

Nick took a deep breath.

And then, he swam forward.

Nick directly swam towards the beam of light in front of him, but he also kept looking around for the Dreamer.

He saw several pillars and even a ruin jotting out of the pool around him, and he looked at all of them.

The Dreamer probably wasn't very big, and it could probably even live on the sides of one of the rusty pillars.

Nick inspected all the pillars.

Suddenly, Nick's body shook, and he stopped moving forward.

In front of him, the pillars seemed to distort and morph into each other.

Just a couple of moments later, a terrifying grimace with teeth had been created, and it looked down at Nick with rage.

Nick's heart rate rose.

'That's the Nightmare! This is only an illusion!'

Yet, knowing that it was an illusion didn't help a lot.

Nick's terror was still very present and visible.

Someone with a phobia of spiders also knew that almost all the spiders weren't even dangerous.

Yet, their fear was still overpowering.

Nick was in a similar situation now.

He knew that the huge grimace floating above him was not real, but he still genuinely felt like he was about to die.

Nick's speed increased.

It was almost like his disgust for the liquid had vanished as he desperately tried to get away as quickly as possible.

"You're going to die!"

The darkest voice Nick had ever heard had just spoken that sentence, and Nick felt his mind shiver.

Yet, Nick just looked forward at the safe beam of light that was the toilet of the house.

"You're never going to reach it."

The next moment, Nick saw the beam of light slowly going away from him.

Nick's breathing quickened, and he didn't even care that some of the liquid entered his mouth at that moment.

He needed light!

Nick kept swimming.

And swimming.

And swimming.

Why hadn't he reached it yet?!

From the start, the toilet was barely ten meters away from him!

That took some seconds, but that was it!

Nick was quite sure that he had been swimming for over half a minute by now!

Where was the light?!

"Hahahahaha!"

The dark voice laughed as the light traveled further and further away from Nick until eventually…

It was gone.

There was no more light.

There was only darkness.

An endless forest of tall and rusty spires rose from the pool around Nick.

But that was it.

No matter in which direction Nick looked, he only saw an endless forest of rusty spires.

There was no escape.

The next moment, the grimace of spires slowly descended, its expression morphed into a malicious smile.

And then, it slowly moved towards Nick.

Nick knew all of this wasn't real, but he also knew that he would die if he stayed in the darkness.

The longer the Nightmare influenced people, the worse it got.

Nick turned around and swam away from the grimace.

He had to flee!

He was going to die!

"Hahahaha!"

The grimace laughed as it came closer.

No matter what Nick did, it was coming closer.

Nick closed his eyes in terror.

He would die!

'I'm sorry, Wyntor.'

'But I have to use it!'

Then, Nick grabbed one of the tubes of glass and broke it over his knee.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19 - 19 – The Second Swim
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next moment, Nick was bathed in light.

From black, everything transformed into white.

Nick's eyes burned due to the sudden influx of light, but they quickly adapted.

The next moment, the light became less bright, and Nick could finally look around.

'How did I end up here?' Nick thought with surprise.

Right now, Nick was between the two toilets when he had not even reached the first one.

'The Nightmare must have created more illusions that made me change my trajectory.'

Nick took a deep breath.

'As long as I enter a sizable area of darkness, the Nightmare can actually keep me perpetually trapped in it.'

'No wonder no one wanted to search for the Dreamer down here.'

'The danger is not the Dreamer.'

'The danger is the Nightmare.'

Nick noticed that the light was getting dimmer, and he was preparing to move forward again.

'I need to find a way to get to the toilet.'

A bit later, the light was nearly gone, and Nick shot forward again.

The pillars were transforming into the forest of rusty spires again.

However, Nick just kept swimming forward with all of his power.

The next moment, Nick saw something dark slowly rise out of the pool in front of him.

It was like a whale had just put its breathing hole a bit above the surface before submerging again.

Something was in the water, and it was big!

A second later, it rose again, but this time, it was angled towards Nick!

It was swimming towards him!

Nick gritted his teeth, ignoring the liquid that poured through his lips.

And then, he tightly shut his eyes.

But he continued swimming!

Everything became silent.

It was deathly silent.

The only thing moving was Nick.

He almost felt like he was in an endless void of nothingness.

Ding.

Nick's right knee hit something solid, but the object was pushed away.

However, Nick knew exactly what he had just hit.

It felt a bit soft but with a hard core.

It was a head!

A human head!

The next moment, Nick hit something again.

This time, it was an arm.

However, Nick just kept moving forward.

More and more body parts appeared in Nick's way, but he just batted them to the side.

"I'm sorry," the crying voice of a kid said quietly.

The next moment, a small arm grabbed Nick's ankle.

"I'm so sorry!" the kid shouted.

"Please, forgive me!"

The next moment, several other arms grabbed Nick.

They wanted to pull him into the depths!

"I'm sorry!"

"I'm sorry!"

"I'm sorry!"

A chorus of different but desperate voices shouted from all around Nick as the grips of the arms tightened.

Nick couldn't move anymore.

He had been completely immobilized!

Nick's terror reached new heights, but he only kept trying to swim forward.

That was the only thing that could save him!

Splash!

Nick was suddenly pulled under!

The arms tightened around him and continued pulling.

And then, Nick suddenly felt it.

Teeth!

Huge teeth!

Nick's legs hit a couple of teeth, and the teeth were almost a meter long!

Even more, Nick's body wasn't nearly strong enough to resist these teeth, and his legs started to bleed.

In his panic, Nick desperately tried to swim away, but the arms kept pulling him back.

Even more, the arms seemed to come out of this thing's mouth!

The arms were pulling him into the maw!

Nick felt the maw advance.

A deep shadow appeared around Nick as he was engulfed.

There was another Specter in here!

And this was not a level one Specter!

He would die!

He would die!

Nick felt himself get pulled further and further down into the maw.

And then…

Everything stopped.

Nick didn't move for several seconds.

But nothing happened.

Slowly, Nick opened his eyes.

And he saw light!

He was below one of the toilets!

'I did it!' Nick thought in shock.

'I actually did it!'

For several seconds, Nick just looked at the light above him.

He was safe!

There was no second Specter!

Splash!

Suddenly, something splashed in the liquid in front of Nick, and all his anxiety returned!

Nick looked down.

And then, he saw it.

A floater.

A turd.

The person in the house above him had just taken a shit.

Nick grimaced in disgust.

'Really? Now?'

And with that, all of Nick's elation was gone and replaced by annoyance.

'Anyway, I can look for the Dreamer now.'

Due to the extreme darkness, Nick couldn't see all parts of the ceiling from any one spot.

Because of that, he went to the little safe spots to search the ceiling.

The next moment, Nick poked his head into the darkness, but his body remained in the light.

The Nightmare's influence returned, but it was far weaker than before.

By moving his head out of the light like this, Nick could look at the 100 square meters above him with quite a lot of confidence.

However, since 100 square meters were only ten by ten meters, Nick needed to do this from several locations to check everything.

After he looked at the ceiling above him, Nick readied himself to swim towards the next toilet.

Obviously, the Dreamer wasn't here.

Nick took a deep breath and readied himself.

'I've done this before. Now, I just need to do it again!'

Then, Nick shot forward.

The terrors returned.

Nick closed his eyes.

CRKSH!

Nick stopped breathing as he felt some teeth tear a part out of his arm!

The pain was brutal and sharp.

Nick opened his eyes and looked at his right elbow.

His flesh had been torn off!

Only the bloody bone of his elbow was left!

'Is… is this real?' Nick thought.

'I've never heard that the Nightmare could do something like this before!'

'Right! The teeth of the maw also tore my legs open, but when I reached the light, there was nothing!'

'I have to keep swimming!'

Even though a huge part of Nick's arm had just vanished, he still continued swimming as he closed his eyes.

He had to reach the toilet!

The next moment, something tore Nick's leg off, and Nick was nearly pulled under by the force.

Nick wanted to scream due to the pain, but he just kept swimming forward.

He had to reach the light!

He had to reach it!

More and more of Nick's body was torn apart, and Nick wasn't even sure what he was anymore.

His being was so overwhelmed with pain that his mind even blacked out for some seconds.

He was dying.

He wanted to die.

But he wanted to live.

It was so bad.

It was so horrible.

Just move forward.

Just a bit.

Please.

Just a bit!

And then, everything stopped again.

Nick opened his eyes.

He had reached the second toilet.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20 - 20 – Too Much
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Silence.

Nick just looked at the ceiling in silence.

He had expected that things wouldn't be as bad the second time.

He had been wrong.

Things had been even worse the second time.

Back when Nick had been underwater, the Nightmare had used subtle influences.

The next time, it had used horrors to stop Nick from moving to where he wanted.

Then, it created illusions of Nick losing control and being swallowed.

And now, it had just directly inflicted an unending amount of pain on him.

The Nightmare had lost all its subtlety.

It had transformed from horror into terror.

Nick just looked at the light at the ceiling.

He wasn't sure what he was feeling.

Fear, apprehension, relief, anxiety.

This wasn't like the last time.

The last time, Nick had been happy that he had managed to do it.

But this time, Nick was not happy.

The pain had been bad.

Real bad.

For several minutes, Nick didn't do anything.

He just looked at the ceiling with a worried expression.

He didn't want to feel such pain again.

He never wanted to feel something like that again.

Just now, his body had been torn apart one piece at a time.

This was a pain that should have killed someone.

But he was still alive.

…

…

Nick gulped in worry.

'I don't want to do this again.'

'How many times do I have to do this?'

'What will happen next?'

'I can barely swim for a bit more than ten meters in pure darkness, and it's already this bad.'

'This is one of the smaller blocks of houses.'

'There are blocks with no toilets, which means I have to look at the ceiling while under illusions.'

'And then, I need to go back.'

'Also, what about when I actually find the Dreamer at the ceiling in one of those?'

'At that point, I need to climb one of the pillars in pure darkness and catch it.'

'The Nightmare could easily show me illusions and make me move in the wrong direction.'

Nick just floated on the liquid as he looked up.

Silence.

'I don't know.'

'I have no idea how to find and catch the Dreamer.'

For over ten minutes, Nick didn't do anything.

Naturally, Nick knew that he couldn't spend the rest of his life in the light of this little toilet.

He had to leave at some point.

Yet, he just couldn't.

The terror he had felt just now was too much.

The pain was too much.

He was only 16 years old.

He had never undergone something this painful or terrifying.

This was not the work of some random weak Specter.

No, this was the Nightmare.

One of the only five level nine Specters.

Even the strongest Zephyx Extractors couldn't remain in the darkness for an extended period of time.

The Nightmare's power was absolute.

It had killed tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of people just by mentally breaking them.

It had killed people far more experienced and tenacious than Nick.

'I can't do it.'

Silence.

'I just can't do it.'

'I have to do this one more time to get out, but I don't think I can enter another block of houses.'

Nick felt his chest shiver and hurt.

Regret, frustration, self-loathing.

'I'm not strong enough to do this again.'

'I want to turn my life around, not end it.'

'If I go through something like this again, I don't know if I will ever recover.'

'What then?'

'I want to try my best, but if I fail, I fail.'

'It's fine.'

'I can become an Inspector.'

'It's not like I have some lofty and idealistic goal that requires me to become the strongest person in the world.'

'No, I just want to live a good life.'

'But what's the point of living a good life when I wake up in a cold sweat because I keep re-experiencing the things I have seen and felt here every night for the remainder of my life?'

Nick looked to the side at the block of darkness waiting for him.

And then, some tears appeared in Nick's eyes.

'I'm sorry.'

'I just can't do it.'

'I'm not strong enough.'

Silence.

The only sounds down here came from the quiet scratching of the rats' claws and Nick's crying.

It was just too much for him.

Nick had just started his journey as a Zephyx Extractor, and he had already confronted one of the five strongest Specters several times.

This wasn't something that he could deal with.

This was far beyond his current level.

He gave up.

For the next couple of minutes, Nick looked at the darkness around him.

Then, he moved his head into the darkness and did a routine scan of the ceiling.

Maybe he was lucky, and the Dreamer was actually here.

It wasn't.

Nick took a deep breath.

He only felt fear right now.

He didn't want to enter the darkness again.

But he had to.

He couldn't remain here for the remainder of his life.

Nick took another deep breath.

It took a couple minutes for him to gather his courage, but eventually, he shot into the darkness again.

As soon as Nick entered…

Nothing happened.

However, Nick didn't let down his guard and just kept swimming forward.

Silence.

Nick just kept rapidly swimming forward in silence.

After a bit, Nick opened his eyes.

He saw the light of the "street" of the Dregs in front of him.

He was almost there.

Nick continued swimming.

And then…

He entered the street.

Nick was now in the light of the streets of the Dregs.

Nothing had happened in the darkness.

Nick turned around to look at the block of houses behind him with suspicion.

Had the Nightmare given up?

He doubted it.

Yet, Nick was back in the light again.

The Nightmare had no influence over Nick here.

BANG!

Suddenly, something hit Nick's head!

Splash! Splash! Splash! Splash!

Nick quickly shook his head and looked around him.

Rats!

"Don't wanna give me bodies, huh?" one of the rats spoke.

"How about you give me your body then!"

And then, the rats all charged at Nick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21 - 21 – Target
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as the rats fell on him and attacked him, Nick gritted his teeth in fury.

They had an unspoken agreement!

"You'll regret this!" Nick shouted.

This was different from the Nightmare.

The Parasite only had a limited number of rats, and Nick could cause real damage to the Parasite by killing them.

However, the rats could also cause real damage to Nick. After all, they were real.

Five rats immediately jumped on Nick.

Nick's right hand grabbed one of them and squeezed.

CRKSH!

The rat was squeezed into a thin sock of wet meat.

At the same time, Nick's left hand turned into a fist and punched a second rat.

BOOM!

The rat shot into the distance and hit the water over 50 meters away from Nick, skipping twice on the surface.

However, the other three rats reached Nick and immediately bit into his body.

One of them bit his right biceps, and the other two bit his chest.

At the same time, Nick saw several more rats coming out from the water around him.

Nick gritted his teeth in pain and hatred.

Nick grabbed one of the rats and pulled.

CRKSH!

The rat's body was torn off, but the head remained stuck in Nick's biceps.

BANG!

Another rat was turned into paste by another one of Nick's punches.

The last one let go and dove into the water while the other rats came closer.

Just a second later, three more rats were jumping at Nick.

Nick released several more attacks, but the rats just kept going after him without pause.

Even more, the rats even started to attack him from below the surface.

Nick's rage grew as he kept tearing the rats into pieces.

It was never-ending!

Some seconds later, Nick had already killed over 15 rats.

Yet, they just kept on coming!

The Parasite really went all in!

'I would already be dead without my ability!'

And then, Nick's eyes widened.

'My ability?'

Nick stopped resisting the rats.

'My ability shouldn't be working right now.'

'Yet, I am tearing these rats apart like they are paper.'

'My ability is still active!'

'This can only mean one thing.'

The realization had positive and negative aspects to it.

On one hand, Nick wasn't being attacked by the real Parasite, which meant that he had not actually been injured.

But on the other hand, Nick had spun around so many times during the battle that he didn't even know which direction he was facing.

In the end, Nick could only grit his teeth as he took one of the tubes from his thigh and broke it.

CRKSH!

All the rats vanished as Nick was swallowed by light.

Just now, Nick had been in the "street" of the sewers, but as soon as the light appeared around him, Nick saw that he was still about two meters away from the real street.

Nick had still been in the darkness.

'The Nightmare had made it seem like I had already reached the end when I actually hadn't.'

Nick immediately swam over to the street, which wasn't difficult with only two meters between him and it.

Now, Nick was actually back in the street of light.

'The Nightmare can even create illusions of light,' Nick thought with anxiety and fear.

'This is not something I can compete with.'

Nick looked back at the dark domain he had just left behind.

'At least I'm out now.'

The next moment, he looked around the sewers.

There were over a hundred similarly big domains.

Nick had gone through hell and had used two Arclights after going just through one of them.

'This is beyond my level.'

Silence.

Nick had been down here for several hours now, and he had become quite familiar with the sewers.

But in the end, he had to leave without any gains.

Even worse, Nick had even used two Arclights.

'Guess I'm going to become an Inspector now.'

'It's probably not a bad job.'

'I get to leave the Dregs, and I can probably also get a normal home.'

'Maybe I can even build a family.'

Yet, no matter how enticing the position as an Inspector seemed to Nick, he still felt regret.

For a while, Nick just looked at the ceiling of the sewers.

This would be his last excursion as a Zephyx Extractor.

Wyntor had already used up all the money he had access to.

He had bet everything on Nick.

Sadly, Nick would only disappoint him.

Silence.

Nick just watched the ceiling in silence.

A bird flew past him.

Suddenly, Nick's eyes widened.

A bird?

Nick's eyes immediately locked onto the bird as it entered a black domain representing a block of houses.

Just now, Nick had been set on giving up.

But now, he was hesitating again.

'A bird!'

'That must have been the Dreamer!'

Nick's heart rate rose rapidly as adrenaline shot through his body.

'After hours, its old target must have woken up or died, and it had to go to a new one!'

Nick's eyes locked onto the black domain where the Dreamer had to be in right now.

There were no toilets in this block, and the block was about fifty by fifty meters.

In the center of the block was the ruin of a stony tower, which supported the block of houses above it in the middle.

As Nick looked at the domain, images of what had happened to him earlier reappeared in his mind.

Pain, deceit, horror, death.

Nick was finally free!

He could finally leave the sewers!

He no longer needed to go through the darkness again!

But the Dreamer was right there!

Just once more!

Just one more time!

But what if he didn't succeed?

He might be risking his life for nothing.

After all, the Dreamer was obviously at the ceiling of the sewers.

Nick would need to swim for about twenty meters in pure darkness, climb ten meters of the structure, and then catch the Dreamer.

And he had to do that all in pure silence so that the Dreamer wouldn't notice him and in the Nightmare's illusionary hell.

He couldn't even use the last Arclight since that would immediately draw the Dreamer's focus to Nick, which would deactivate his ability.

At that point, Nick wouldn't be any stronger than a normal human.

In such a state, the Dreamer could probably just kill Nick without relying on the Nightmare or the environment.

If the Dreamer noticed him, he would die.

No matter how Nick thought about it…

It was impossible.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22 - 22 – The Climb
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It was impossible.

No matter how long he thought about it.

It was just impossible.

Yet, Nick just couldn't stop getting excited.

He wanted to do it.

He wanted to try it!

…

But he would likely die…

Nick clenched his fists.

'I know it's a shit idea.'

'I know I will most likely die.'

'But I have to give it a go!'

'I just have to give it a shot!'

'Otherwise, I will never become happy!'

Nick took a deep breath.

Then, Nick silently swam over to the black domain.

Nick tried his best to move as silently as possible as he moved in a circle around the domain.

He poked his head into the darkness and looked at the ceiling from different angles.

Since Nick now knew what the Dreamer looked like, he could search a larger area of the ceiling.

However, even after searching for over 15 minutes near the edge, Nick still couldn't find the Dreamer.

'This means it has to be at the center.'

'It's probably even sitting on a part of the broken tower.'

The tower in the middle had several holes in it and a very uneven surface. Half of it had collapsed, while the other half supported the block of houses above it.

The Dreamer had to either be in one of the higher windows or on top of one of the two walls leading up to the ceiling.

Nick took a deep breath and looked for a good way upward.

'I have to move silently. This means I can't just jump from wall to wall.'

'I have to climb constantly and consistently.'

After a bit of looking around, Nick found a fitting spot.

'I can only climb the small windows at the tall front of the ruin. I think the tower is just one big spiral staircase in the middle, but I doubt that the spiral staircase is still intact.'

'I could attempt to walk up the staircase, but the Nightmare's illusions won't allow me to actually see where I'm going, and if I'm not careful, I might actually fall through a broken or missing step.'

'That would alert the Dreamer to my location.'

Nick just looked at the broken tower.

It was so enticing.

He could just use the stairs.

Nick sighed.

Nick couldn't trust his eyes in the darkness, and since he couldn't inspect the staircase from here, he couldn't risk climbing it.

He had to navigate blindly, and he preferred taking the difficult route he could see instead of the potentially easy route that he couldn't see.

'Luckily, there are quite a lot of windows.'

'Right to left for about three windows. Jump to the top right to grab the lowest one of the next floor of stairs and climb another three.'

'After that, two more windows will be above me and one more window above those.'

'There's a small chance that the Dreamer is in the two lower ones but a relatively high one that it's in the highest one.'

Nick went over this plan a couple more times.

And finally, he was done.

The plan was set.

Nick slowly swam to his starting position, which was facing the highest part of the ruined tower.

Silence.

Nick couldn't see the Dreamer right now, but he knew that it was there.

He knew that the likelihood of death was very high, but he had to do it.

Nick took a deep breath as he closed his eyes.

Silence.

Seconds passed.

Nick's eyes shot open, and he swam forward.

As soon as Nick entered the darkness, he closed his eyes again.

Then, he suddenly submerged!

Swimming on the surface was way too loud, which was why Nick decided to move forward while being about a meter below the surface.

Almost immediately, Nick felt several small fish glide across his body.

It was like Nick had been submerged in a thick vat of small fish.

The bodies of the fish disoriented Nick's senses, and he couldn't even feel the liquid around him anymore.

Was he swimming forward or downward?

He had already lost all sense of direction.

'The only thing I can rely on is my muscle memory!'

'As long as I order my body to continue swimming forward, no matter what, I will reach the tower!'

However, just two seconds later, Nick felt things around him change.

The mouths of the fish opened, and they started to tear into his body.

Right now, Nick was surrounded by a pile of swimming maws with terrifying teeth.

They were tearing at Nick's muscles, bones, and tendons.

The pain was horrible.

Nick's body kept shaking, but he just kept moving forward.

'This isn't real! This isn't real! This isn't real!'

'The pain isn't real!'

'It isn't real!'

Nevertheless, Nick felt like a dark void of hopelessness had opened in his chest.

'Just continue!'

Nick's flesh and blood were scattering across his surroundings.

He was dying!

But he continued!

He had to continue!

BANG!

Suddenly, Nick hit something solid!

'Did I reach it?!'

But then, Nick found an issue.

Was this actually the end?

Or was this another illusion by the Nightmare?

At this moment, Nick's emotions were going crazy.

Was he?

Wasn't he?!

In a state of panic, Nick did the first thing that came to his mind.

BANG!

Nick rammed his face against the wall!

Nick immediately felt his eyes water as his nose broke in several places.

'This feels real!'

The Nightmare's illusions were terrifyingly accurate, but when Nick compared the Nightmare's sense of pain with actual pain, there was something different.

Yes, the pain the Nightmare created was real, but there were some accompanying sensations missing.

For example, Nick had felt his entire head and mind vibrate when he had headbutted the wall.

Additionally, Nick had felt like he was about to lose consciousness for just a moment.

While the pain was the same, these sensations didn't exist when the Nightmare created an illusion.

'Luckily, the ruin is massive. The Dreamer shouldn't have felt that vibration.'

The next moment, Nick surfaced and grabbed the wall in front of him with his hands.

'I have to find the first window!'

In Nick's mind, he was rubbing against a huge wall as he desperately tried to find an invisible hole in it.

'Where is it?!'

'There!'

Nick felt something and pulled himself up with one arm.

'This proves that my ability is still active, which means the Dreamer hasn't noticed me yet!'

CRKSH!

The hole Nick had put his hand into suddenly sprouted teeth and was grinding it into a meaty paste.

Nick's eyes became bloodshot beneath his eyelids as he tried to ignore the pain.

After pulling himself up, Nick moved his hand to the left and jumped.

He knew where the window should be, but he didn't know where it was exactly.

CRK!

Nick's hand entered a hole, but his fingers hit the other side of the window, splitting the nails of two of his fingers.

Nick just gritted his teeth as he grabbed the window with his hand.

The fact that he could stop his jump with one hand meant that the Dreamer still hadn't noticed him!

The next moment, the wall seemed to split open, and Nick felt like he was falling through it.

'It's not real!'

Nick moved his bleeding fingertips to the left side and felt the scratching feeling traveling over his body.

He was still in the window!

Even though Nick felt like he was falling into a never-ending abyss of pain, he jumped once more to the left.

CRK!

One of Nick's nails exploded off his body as it hit the wall of the window again.

But when Nick felt that he could still pull himself upward with one arm, he became more excited.

'I'm doing it!'

Nick hadn't opened his eyes yet.

He had done all of this blind.

'Now, for the most difficult jump!'

After amending his plan a bit, Nick decided to jump to the second window in the second row.

The jump was a bit higher vertically but not as long horizontally.

Nick's knees bent down, and he gathered all his power.

The next moment, Nick jumped upward.

In Nick's illusory reality, he felt like he was jumping upward hundreds of meters.

It was impossible to tell how high he had actually jumped.

Nick felt the wall in front of him rapidly move as he desperately tried to find the window.

Fear and terror reached new heights.

CRACK!

When Nick felt the tips of the fingers of his left arm getting crushed, he felt elated.

The window!

Nick fell a bit, but he managed to grab the bottom of the window with both of his hands.

By now, Nick's left hand had become severely injured, with a couple of broken bones and destroyed nails.

He pulled himself into the window easily, which meant the Dreamer hadn't noticed him yet.

He was so close!

Nick quickly jumped to the left again as razors appeared on the wall in front of him, cutting his chest into pieces.

CRACK!

Nick felt the impact of his broken bones rubbing against each other and grabbed the window.

After pulling himself into the window, Nick's excitement reached new heights.

He was so close!

He could do it!

Instead of jumping towards the next window, Nick grabbed the last tube of Arclight.

The next moment, Nick opened his eyes.

A red hellscape of flesh and blades encompassed his reality.

Everything was being consumed by the Nightmare.

However, Nick's eyes only looked forward with determination.

Then, he threw the tube of Arclight upwards with all of his power.

BANG!

The tube broke, and the Arclight exploded at the ceiling of the dark domain.

For an instant, all the darkness vanished as a shining star seemingly appeared in the dark sky.

The hellscape vanished, and Nick found himself in the third window of the second row.

However, Nick's eyes immediately moved across the ruins above him.

'There!'

In the highest window, Nick saw a black owl with black eyes.

It was quite big, over half a meter tall.

At this moment, the owl was looking at the Arclight shining on the ceiling.

This was why Nick had thrown the Arclight instead of breaking it directly.

The Dreamer's attention would remain fully on the Arclight, and Nick would get a bit of time to reach the Dreamer with his ability.

As long as he managed to grab it without it noticing him, he could break several of its bones, turning it almost helpless!

When Nick saw his target, his eyes narrowed, and he immediately jumped upward with all of his power.

Nick easily and quickly grabbed the window directly above him, but instead of pulling himself into the window, Nick continued.

The Dreamer was now paying attention to its surroundings, and pulling into the window would take too long.

Because of that, Nick immediately pulled himself upward and threw himself at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer was still looking at the Arclight.

Nick was only a meter away from the Dreamer!

But then, he noticed that his jump hadn't been strong enough, and he found himself dropping.

Nick gritted his teeth and rammed his feet into the broken stone of the tower.

Some of his toes broke, but Nick managed to create a hole in the wall, making a foothold.

Naturally, that was extremely loud, and the Dreamer's head turned towards Nick.

But Nick had already jumped again.

Nick was flying at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer was turning to Nick.

Nick's hand came closer.

And then…

Their eyes met.

Nick managed to grab the wing of the Dreamer.

He pulled with all of his strength.

The Dreamer pulled its wing upward.

CRKSH!

Nick tore out a couple of feathers.

His ability no longer worked.

He didn't have enough strength to break the wing.

Nick's expression turned into shock and horror as he felt himself fall.

The Dreamer's black eyes looked into Nick's eyes.

'No!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23 - 23 – Run!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'No!'

'I was so close!'

Nick's ability no longer worked, which meant he was only a bit stronger than an average human right now.

At this moment, Nick was falling from about eight meters of height into a pool of toxic waste with several sharp pieces of metal.

While Nick's ability was working, this wasn't an issue.

But now…

Nick's thoughts stopped.

Time seemed to freeze.

And then, time resumed as the Dreamer got further and further away from Nick.

SPLASH!

Nick hit the liquid shoulder first.

CRKSH! CRKSH!

Several pieces of metal created cuts in Nick's skin, and he started to bleed.

On top of that, Nick's destroyed fingers also came into contact with the toxic liquid.

In an instant, Nick felt like his body was being drowned in acid.

The force of the fall also made it difficult for Nick to move, but his adrenaline pushed him to immediately go to the surface.

As soon as Nick broke the surface again, he took a deep breath.

But then, Nick saw the owl just a meter in front of him, its claws stretched towards Nick.

The Dreamer was attacking, and without his ability, Nick was helpless!

BANG!

Nick immediately pulled his head down into the water, and the next moment, two long claws tore through the water above him.

The Dreamer was not going to flee.

No, it was going to kill Nick!

Nick immediately dove further and further down, several pieces of metal scraping his skin.

But then, Nick suddenly accelerated, and he stopped getting injured.

Nick had reached a depth where the light couldn't reach him, which meant that the Dreamer couldn't see him anymore.

Nick's ability activated again.

'I have to flee!' Nick thought. 'As long as it pays attention to me, I can't fight it!'

After coming to a decision, he immediately shot towards the direction of the sewer's exit.

But then, a huge black eye opened in front of Nick, and he became paralyzed.

Nick's thoughts stopped as he looked at the terrifying black eye.

The next moment, a maw filled with teeth opened in front of him and swallowed him.

Nick felt his body getting torn apart, but then he realized that this wasn't real.

Since he was now in a place with no light, the Nightmare's influence had returned.

'The Dreamer above.'

'The Nightmare below.'

'I can't move like this! The Nightmare could lead me in any random direction!'

'I have to surface to assess the direction I'm facing!'

Nick gnashed his teeth and shot upward.

The eyes and maws around him slowly vanished.

The Arclight was still active, and it illuminated the surroundings.

Shortly before Nick broke the surface, he suddenly felt the acid of the liquid become stronger.

This meant the Dreamer was seeing him.

Nick broke past the surface and took a breath as he quickly looked around.

'There!'

Nick found the way he had to go towards and immediately dove into the water again.

CRRRSH!

Nick clenched his teeth even more as he felt a big gash opening up on his back.

Just now, the Dreamer had created three huge gashes as it tore Nick's skin and a bit of muscle apart.

This was a Specter, not a random bird!

If it got hold of Nick, it could probably stab one of its claws through his entire torso!

A normal human couldn't possibly fight something like this.

As Nick descended, the intensity of the acid subsided.

He closed his eyes and immediately started to swim forward.

A moment later, the heat of the water rose sharply, and it felt like Nick was swimming through a boiling pot of oil!

Nick's entire body turned red, and he wanted to do nothing but scream in pain.

He was burning!

He was dying!

'It's not real!'

'It's not real!'

'It's not real!'

BANG!

Suddenly, Nick's right hand hit something solid, and Nick's head quickly followed.

'A house?! Now?!'

Nick had hit one of the ruins.

He had to quickly make a decision.

Immediately, he shot up.

The house wasn't that tall, and there was still about a meter between its ceiling and the surface.

At this moment, Nick felt a bit of light, but his ability hadn't deactivated yet.

This meant that the Dreamer hadn't seen him.

Nick swam forward in silence, his chest almost sliding against the house's roof.

Suddenly, the water started to severely burn him again, and Nick's body shook.

His ability had deactivated!

At that moment, a plan formed in Nick's mind, and he slowly spun onto his back.

Nick was betting on the fact that the Dreamer could see him but not perfectly see him.

Right now, since Nick was still about a meter below the surface, the Dreamer could probably only see a vague silhouette or shadow.

Meanwhile, the Dreamer was illuminated by the light behind it, allowing Nick to perfectly see it.

At this moment, the Dreamer was diving towards him with its outstretched claws.

Nick's anxiety reached new heights.

The Dreamer reached him.

BANG!

Nick shoved himself to the side as the Dreamer's claws reached into the water.

Due to Nick's depth, the Dreamer also had to fully enter the liquid, slowing it down significantly.

The Dreamer's claws barely passed by Nick, and Nick immediately grabbed them with his two hands.

The Dreamer's wings flapped to get out of the liquid again, and Nick felt himself getting pulled up.

Splash!

The two of them left the liquid behind, the Dreamer pulling Nick into the sky.

Right now, the Dreamer didn't have the luxury to look at Nick, but Nick's ability still didn't reactivate.

Hearing and feeling someone also counted as perceiving someone.

After gaining a couple of meters, the Dreamer looked at Nick, and its beak opened.

But by now, Nick had repositioned himself.

He had pulled himself upward and had angled his body.

And then…

BANG!

Nick kicked the Dreamer's head!

While the Dreamer was much more powerful than Nick without his ability, a kick to the head still hurt quite a lot.

At the same time, Nick let go of the Dreamer's claws and threw himself towards the exit of the sewers.

His kick and the force of the jump completely disoriented the Dreamer, and it fell into the water a couple of meters away.

However, it wasn't significantly injured, and Nick was sure that it would return to flying above him in a matter of seconds.

'Only about 200 meters or so left to the exit! I refuse to believe that it will follow me to the surface!'

Nick immediately swam forward, and since the Dreamer was still in the water, his ability had reactivated, and he swam with all of his power.

Splash!

Some seconds later, Nick heard the loud sound of something leaving the water about 30 meters behind him.

Five seconds after the sound, Nick's ability deactivated again.

Nick gritted his teeth and dove into the water.

More scratches appeared across his body.

BANG!

But the Dreamer's attack missed, and Nick's ability reactivated.

Sadly, just moments later, an army of maws tore at Nick's body again, and Nick felt like he was swimming downward instead of forward.

Yet, Nick just kept swimming.

He ignored the pain.

He ignored the horrors.

BANG!

Then, Nick hit something solid again.

'This is that one house I investigated!'

'I'm just about 50 meters away from the exit!'

By now, Nick's lungs were screaming at him to surface.

'I have to run across it!'

Nick surfaced again.

However, his ability deactivated before he even breached the surface!

The Dreamer wasn't stupid.

It had seen where Nick had swam towards, and it was constantly looking in that direction.

Nevertheless, Nick rapidly moved forward as he did his best to run in waist-high water.

He turned back to look at where the Dreamer was.

The next moment, he saw the Dreamer dive towards him.

Nick couldn't evade!

There were still several meters left!

The Dreamer would get him!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24 - 24 – Struggle
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick readied himself.

He had to do something!

At that moment, Nick's back began to burn, or at least, it felt like it.

Light appeared around Nick.

And then, something shocking happened.

The Dreamer's eyes burst into flames!

"SCREEEEE!"

The Dreamer screeched, and it did its best to stop its dive.

Nick had no idea what was happening.

"Nick!" someone shouted between coughs.

Nick looked back.

Wyntor!

Wyntor was standing just behind him, his expensive suit drenched in sewer water!

At this moment, a bright fire was burning around Wyntor, and his eyes had turned completely white.

"Get it!" Wyntor shouted before heaving and looking away from Nick.

Immediately, Nick felt his ability become active again.

When the Dreamer's eyes had caught fire, its sight had been robbed from it, which meant that it couldn't perceive Nick anymore!

Nick immediately turned towards the Dreamer, which was about to pass about two meters above him.

Rage appeared in Nick's eyes.

BANG!

Nick jumped with all of his power, the water around him exploding.

And then, he punched.

CRACK!

Nick's fist hit the center of the Dreamer's chest, and Nick swore he felt something break!

And this time, it was not one of his bones!

The Dreamer's body spun in the air, and its flapping became very disorderly.

Nick landed first, and he immediately rushed toward the place where the Dreamer would land.

Splash!

The Dreamer hit the water, and Nick jumped on it.

BANG!

Nick kicked one of the Dreamer's wings, easily breaking it.

The next moment, Nick grabbed the Dreamer's thick neck with both of his arms and squeezed.

Nick's ability deactivated again, but that didn't matter.

Squeezing someone's neck didn't need a huge difference in power.

Right now, Nick and the Dreamer were tumbling in the horrible liquid of the sewers as he tried to strangle it.

Yet, some seconds later, the Dreamer's head spun by 180°.

'Right, it's a fucking owl!' Nick thought in horror.

The Dreamer's beak opened as it tried to tear Nick's neck apart.

Nick quickly let go of the Dreamer's neck.

His left arm pushed the Dreamer away from his neck as his right arm shot towards its head.

The next moment, the Dreamer just saw two fingers become bigger and bigger in its vision.

CRKSH!

The Dreamer screeched as Nick's fingers crushed its eyes.

The Dreamer's screech was cut off as the liquid from the sewers entered its throat.

Nick gnashed his teeth in rage as his two fingers dug deep into the Dreamer's eye sockets.

Nick's thumb grabbed the bottom of the Dreamer's beak, and he grabbed it with all of his power.

The next moment, Nick wrestled with the Dreamer awkwardly until he eventually managed to get behind its back with his fingers still in its eye sockets.

Splash!

A splash appeared beside Nick, and Wyntor appeared beside Nick.

"Keep it like this!" Wyntor shouted.

By now, Nick's legs had also grabbed the Dreamer's body, and he was doing his best not to drown in the sewers.

The Dreamer was still flailing around in panic, and Nick had to do everything in his power to keep it suppressed.

The next moment, Wyntor took out some kind of flexible metallic cable and wrapped it around the Dreamer's neck.

The cable quickly started to shine red, and the Dreamer's struggles intensified.

However, Nick kept it stable.

After around ten seconds, the Dreamer's struggles became weaker, and half a minute later, it completely stopped moving.

"Can I let go?" Nick asked.

"You, huuurgh, can," Wyntor said with a heave.

Nick slowly took his hand out of the Dreamer's eye sockets but still kept hold of the Dreamer.

"Put it in the sack on the shore," Wyntor said quickly before he had to heave again.

Nick nodded and pulled the Dreamer towards the exit.

About a minute later, Nick reached the exit of the sewers, and he pulled the Dreamer onto the land.

Now, Nick could actually take a good look at the Dreamer.

Its chest was caved in.

Both of its wings were broken, the second one having gotten broken in the scuffle.

Black blood was flowing out of its empty eyes.

One of its legs was bent at an unnatural angle.

Many feathers were missing.

Luckily, this was a Specter.

These wounds were not enough to kill a Specter, and it would recover within a week at most.

Nick took a deep breath.

And then, pain assaulted him.

Two of Nick's fingernails were missing on his left hand.

Three of Nick's fingers were broken.

Nick had several cuts on his body.

He had three huge gashes going across his back.

Nick even felt some intense pain coming from his ribs.

He guessed they had gotten bruised or broken during the scuffle in the water.

And to top it all off, his nose was also broken.

Nick was in a world of pain, and he also knew that the wounds were bound to get horribly infected since they had all been washed quite thoroughly in the disgusting liquid of the sewers.

He only hoped that Wyntor had some way to help him recover.

Nick knew if he had to rely on the medicine available in the Dregs, he would die.

His ability gave him some resistance to infections and poisons, but he wasn't sure if that was enough in this case.

"Huuuuurgh!"

Nick heard Wyntor heave as he came out of the sewers.

Nick turned to Wyntor and looked at him.

Right now, Wyntor was on his knees and hands as he coughed and heaved like he was about to die.

'He wasn't able to follow me into the sewers earlier, but when he saw me in danger, he actually jumped in.'

Nick's trust in Wyntor reached new heights.

Wyntor, the fancy heir of the Melfion family, a guy that constantly wiped his hands whenever he touched anything even slightly dirty, had jumped into the sewers to save him.

'Maybe he isn't as stuck up as I had initially thought.'

'When it comes down to it, he is actually trustworthy.'

Nick took a deep breath.

Right now, he felt elated.

The risk had paid off!

He had done it!

"Wyntor," Nick said.

Nick only heard another heave.

"We did it!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25 - 25 – Walking Back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

It took Wyntor a while to recover, but eventually, he managed to stop puking his heart out.

While Wyntor had been puking, Nick had shoved the Dreamer into the sack they had brought with them.

The sack was just a normal sack.

When Wyntor stood up and saw the sack, all his unhappiness and disgust seemed to vanish.

A Specter!

They had a Specter in their grasp!

They actually had one!

Then, Wyntor saw Nick, and he had to take a deep breath.

Nick looked really worn out.

Blood was flowing from several parts of his body, and Wyntor already knew that all these wounds would get infected very soon.

"Are you okay?" Wyntor asked.

"Do I look like I'm okay?" Nick asked.

Wyntor winced, but Nick just laughed.

"Relax, I'm okay. I'm just joking," Nick said.

Wyntor sighed. "You look really messed up, you know."

"I know," Nick answered. "So, got anything that I can use to deal with these wounds? I kind of don't want to die, you know?"

Wyntor just nodded. "We can visit a hospital in the Outer City. Since we now have a Specter, the money is going to flow in soon. Additionally, I need you to be at your best."

"After all, you are the Chief Extractor, which means that you not only have to work with the Dreamer but also find out how to work with it."

"Every Specter is unique, and every Specter needs to be treated differently to get the most Zephyx out of them."

Nick just nodded before he grabbed the sack with the Dreamer.

A moment later, Nick noticed how light the sack actually was with surprise.

"Huh, that's lighter than expected," Nick said.

"Specters have a lot of power, but they are using Zephyx converted from Prephyx as their main source of power," Wyntor explained. "Specters are actually pretty light. They are not made of a lot of Zephyx, but the Zephyx is so potent that they still manage to unleash incredible powers."

"That tall bird probably barely weighs five kilos."

Nick nodded.

The next moment, he slung the sack over his shoulders.

The cable that Wyntor had put around the Dreamer was something that Nick had already heard about.

It was a Zephyx Blocker, something that was used to stop the flow of Zephyx.

At this moment, the Zephyx Blocker was using up its stored energy to stop the Dreamer's Zephyx from flowing.

Since this was the lowest grade, it would only work for about five hours when put on a level one Specter.

This meant that Wyntor and Nick had to deliver the Dreamer to their headquarters within the next five hours, but that was plenty of time.

Wyntor and Nick walked out of the entrance to the sewers and emerged in an abandoned part of the Dregs.

Wyntor immediately took a deep breath of the Dregs.

He had never imagined that he would one day find the air in the Dregs to be refreshing and enjoyable.

As the two of them walked through the Dregs, they saw all the people look at them with disgust while avoiding them.

These two smelled absolutely abhorrent, even by the Dregs' standards.

However, the two of them didn't pay a lot of attention to the onlookers.

They were far too excited about finally having caught their first Specter.

After about half an hour, they finally left the densest part of the Dregs behind, and they entered the outskirts.

The streets transitioned from being made of rusty metal into being made of polished metal, and the houses also started to become more uniform and orderly.

Naturally, the people on the streets also seemed more well-dressed, and their reactions to the two of them were even more disgusted.

"Stop!"

The two stopped as their brows furrowed.

The next moment, two people wearing black combat uniforms walked up to them. The two men looked with disgust at them while they were holding their noses.

"People like you are not welcome here! Leave the Outer City, or we'll make you!" one of them shouted.

Naturally, the two of them were city guards, and it was part of their duty to keep the Outer City clean from unsavory people.

Two people stinking of piss and shit could be seen as unsavory.

Wyntor put his hand in this pocket.

One of the two guards narrowed his eyes and shot forward, grabbing Wyntor's arm before he could get it back out of his pocket.

The guard thought that Wyntor was about to pull a weapon on them.

"Stop resisting!" the guard shouted as he pulled Wyntor's arm violently out of his pocket.

CRK!

The next moment, Wyntor's wrist seemed to give, and it extended a bit further than it should.

His wrist had been dislocated by the guard.

While Wyntor had an ability from a Specter, he was not an athletic person, while the guards were very athletic and strong.

Wyntor gritted his teeth as the guard pulled his arm to the side to lock it behind his back.

The next moment, the guard wrestled Wyntor to the ground.

While all of this was happening, Nick locked eyes with the other guard.

Then, Nick looked down for a small moment before looking at the guard again.

Naturally, the guard realized that Nick had essentially told him to look down.

The guard glanced down, and he saw a small card, which had just fallen out of Wyntor's hand.

The guard furrowed his brows as he looked at Nick, who only stared back without saying anything.

In the end, the second guard kneeled down to retrieve the card.

After looking at the card, the guard's face turned white in horror as he looked at Wyntor, who was held on the ground by the other guard.

The second guard immediately jumped over to the first guard and pulled him off. "James, stop!"

The first guard shoved the second guard away with annoyance. "What's your problem?!" he shouted.

The second guard shoved the card into the first guard's hands with urgency.

The second guard looked at the card with annoyance.

But then, his eyes widened, and he turned to look at the person below him with terror.

At this moment, Wyntor glared at the guard with venom.

The guard froze.

In his hand, the guard currently held a Residency Card for the highest floor of the Inner City, and the name on the card was Wyntor Melfion.

Naturally, the guards knew exactly who they were currently looking at.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26 - 26 – Contained
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Wait here," Wyntor ordered with a curt and annoyed voice as he and Nick entered their warehouse.

The two guards waited in front of the building like two children who had just been yelled at, which wasn't inaccurate.

Naturally, after they had realized that they had just shoved one of the heirs of the Melfion family to the ground, they had immediately apologized profusely.

Wyntor had just acted very calmly but coldly and told them that they were going to be following them for a bit.

The two guards didn't protest.

As the door of the warehouse closed in front of them, the anxiety of the two guards exploded.

If Wyntor decided to get his family's lawyers involved, they could very well lose their jobs, if not worse!

Meanwhile, Nick and Wyntor walked over to the only Containment Unit they owned.

Nick waited in front of the entrance while Wyntor operated a console with many buttons to the side of the Containment Unit.

A moment later, a loud alarm came from the Containment Unit as red lights lit up everywhere.

The two of them weren't surprised.

This was the alarm of a Containment Unit being fully opened.

The cheapest Containment Units only had three ways to open them.

First, opening a tiny door to put handheld objects into it.

Second, opening a door for a human to get through.

Third, opening the big gate to put a Specter in.

But wait, the Dreamer was quite small.

Why couldn't Nick just carry it through the normal door?

Well, a Containment Unit was more than just a big cube of steel.

There were also several sensors, alarms, barriers, and defenses on it.

When a human passed through the door, the Containment Unit wouldn't care, but if a Specter tried to pass through it, all the defenses would activate.

Otherwise, small and sneaky Specters would be able to sneak out of the Containment Unit when people walked in and out of it.

So, when a Specter was put into a Containment Unit, one had to open the main gate, which also deactivated all of the defenses.

Naturally, more expensive Containment Units had more ways to open them, but this was just the cheapest variant.

After the big gate fully opened, Nick walked into the Containment Unit.

The gate slowly closed behind him again.

When it was fully closed, the artificial light appeared in the Containment Unit.

Normal artificial light didn't help against the Nightmare's influence, but Containment Units could use Zephyx to illuminate the inside.

More expensive Containment Units had special tunnels made of reflective glass, which would safely deliver sunlight into the Containment Unit, cutting down on the cost of lighting.

Sadly, their shitty Containment Unit didn't have such luxury.

They had to make do with using Zephyx to light the inside.

Luckily, they only needed to light the inside when a human was in there since Specters didn't need light.

When the light turned on, Nick dumped the Dreamer into the middle of the Containment Unit.

Due to the Zephyx Blocker, the Dreamer didn't move.

Nick looked at the motionless Dreamer for a couple of seconds until the normal door of the Containment Unit opened behind him.

Nick bent forward and grabbed the Zephyx Blocker.

After untangling it, Nick ran out of the Containment Unit, and Wyntor immediately closed the door.

Silence.

They had done it.

The Dreamer was inside of the Containment Unit!

Wyntor looked at the console beside the Containment Unit and checked its operating status.

A couple of minutes later, Wyntor nodded with a sigh of relief.

"Everything is operating normally."

"The Dreamer has been detected, and the defenses are ready to engage if it tries anything," Wyntor said. "We don't have to worry about it escaping."

Nick nodded while releasing a sigh of relief.

Finally, they had the Dreamer securely contained.

"Now," Wyntor said as his voice turned darker while turning to the exit of the warehouse. "Let's deal with those two."

"What do you have in mind?" Nick asked.

"An exchange," Wyntor said. "The guards are afraid of my background, and they are going to do anything to get my lawyers off their backs."

"Come," Wyntor said as he walked to the exit.

Nick just followed him.

The two of them found the two guards quickly, and Wyntor told them to follow him.

The guards just followed Wyntor while trying to apologize some more.

Eventually, the four of them reached a tall building with the symbol of a green carriage on it.

This was one of the biggest hospital chains in the world, and they operated in many cities.

The company owning these hospitals was a Zephyx Manufacturer primarily, but they had one of the few contained level six Specters.

The Contained Specter was a carriage that was called the Merchant.

When one threw corpses into the carriage, healing potions came out of the carriage, and a bit of Zephyx would be given off by the carriage.

Naturally, the company made use of the healing medicine and created hospitals everywhere.

For profit, of course.

"One recovery bath and I will forget what happened. After all, I need one," Wyntor said as he shook his dislocated wrist a bit.

The two guards took deep breaths and looked at each other in horror.

"Sir Melfion, I'm not sure-"

"It's either you or your district that will pay for my treatment," Wyntor said, interrupting the guard. "Which one is it?"

The two guards retreated a bit and talked with each other in whispers.

They seemed to argue intensely.

It took nearly three minutes for them to return.

"We'll pay," one of them said with a sigh.

Wyntor nodded, and the four of them walked into the hospital.

When they walked to the receptionist, the receptionist tried her best to remain somewhat professional under the immense stench that assaulted her.

If she hadn't seen the two guards behind the two dirty visitors, she would have already called security to throw them out.

"Yes, how can I help you?" she asked with a forced smile.

"One full-body recovery bath and one cleansing bath. The two baths are paid separately," Wyntor said.

"Of course," the receptionist said, her professionalism now genuine.

After all, these were actual customers, apparently.

"That is 150 credits for the cleansing bath," she said.

The next moment, Wyntor took out a couple of notes and put them on the table.

The receptionist collected them with a polite smile and gave Wyntor a small orange token.

"And that will be 4,800 credits for the full-body recovery bath," she said.

Wyntor gestured to the guards.

One of the guards walked over and handed the receptionist a card.

The receptionist thanked him and put the card onto a plate of steel.

Then, she grabbed a small piece of something that looked like clay and wrote the number 4,800 on it.

The next moment, she put a small signature below the number, and she handed the piece of clay to the guard.

The guard released a shaky breath and signed it.

"Thank you," the receptionist said as she put the card on top of the piece of clay and put everything into a metal box.

A green light came out of the box.

A moment later, the receptionist took the card out and handed it to the guard.

At the same time, she took out the piece of clay, which had now been hardened, and put it under her table.

Sadly, there was no easy way to communicate with the bank directly.

Every week, the business would deliver the small pieces of clay to the banks and get the money.

The receptionist handed Wyntor a green ticket with several complicated black lines.

Wyntor looked at the two guards.

"We're done. You can leave."

"Thank you, sir," one of the guards said.

Then, the two guards left the hospital.

The next moment, Wyntor held out his ticket for the full-body recovery path to Nick.

"Have fun."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27 - 27 – A Bath
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked with surprise at Wyntor.

He had thought that Wyntor would maybe give his ticket to him, but when it actually happened, Nick was still surprised.

Nick felt bad accepting something so expensive.

"You just earned us a ton of money," Wyntor said, not looking at Nick. "Just take it."

Nick hesitated, but in the end, he just accepted it.

After all, he also didn't really want to die from his injuries, and despite his current demeanor, he was in quite a lot of pain.

When Nick took the ticket, Wyntor nodded. "Just follow the signs. I'll wait for you in three hours. That's usually how long these baths take. I've had my fair share of them in the past."

'He had his fair share of them?' Nick thought.

Nick doubted that Wyntor had taken a three-hour bath for every minor injury he had ever received, which meant that Wyntor had probably been heavily injured multiple times before.

"Sure, thank you, Wyntor," Nick said.

The next moment, a smile appeared on Wyntor's face. "Have fun," he said again as he walked through one of the doors.

Nick looked at the ticket in his hand with anxiety.

4,800 credits.

He held 4,800 credits in his hand right now.

The most money Nick had ever held in his hands had been 500 after he had finished a quite unsavory job.

4,800 credits was a lot!

Eventually, Nick looked around and found some signs hanging from the ceiling.

Nick's reading comprehension was still weak, but with enough time, he could understand what he was reading.

After wandering around for about three minutes, Nick finally found the entrance to the full-body recovery baths.

Nick slowly opened the door and looked into the room.

It had a couple of lockers and racks for clothing.

"Come in!" a woman shouted with a friendly tone.

Nick awkwardly walked into the room.

He had never been in such a place before.

When the woman in the room noticed Nick's appearance, a pained and apprehensive smile appeared on her face.

Nick just showed her his ticket.

"Right this way, sir," she said with a forced smile as she gestured to one of the doors. "Do you prefer to undertake the cleansing bath with or without clothing?"

"Cleansing bath?" Nick asked. "I thought this is a full-body recovery bath."

The woman just smiled awkwardly. "Sir, it is customary to take a cleansing bath before undertaking a recovery bath. We need you to be clean for the recovery bath to work properly."

"Oh," Nick said. "I'd like to keep my clothing on, then."

"Of course, sir," the woman said as she opened one of the doors to the side. "Please, step inside."

Nick felt out of place, but he followed the woman's instructions.

The room Nick entered was quite small, and he could see five light blue baths.

"Please," the woman said as she gestured towards one of the baths.

Nick awkwardly stepped forward and slowly lowered his body into the bath.

The blue liquid, which didn't feel like water, got pushed out of the bath but was quickly drained.

SSSSSSSS!

The next moment, the water around Nick started to bubble and released sounds akin to boiling water.

It was quite loud.

At the side, the woman's eyes opened widely in shock.

"Wow," she involuntarily commented.

"Oh?" Nick uttered.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just surprised," the woman said. "I've never heard the cleansing bath become this loud before."

"This isn't normal?" Nick asked.

"No, it isn't," the woman said. "The cleansing bath is filled with a liquid that gets used up when it comes into contact with dangerous impurities. The more impurities it comes into contact with, the more liquid gets used up, and when the liquid gets used up, it makes this hissing noise."

"But it's never been this loud before."

"If I may ask, what happened?" she asked.

"I fell into the sewers," Nick said.

"Fell into…" the woman said before she trailed off.

She couldn't imagine falling into the sewers.

How would that even happen?

She had never even seen the sewers in her life.

Naturally, since the normal Outer City didn't have rusty metal grates as their flooring, the woman had never seen or smelled the sewers.

Because of that, she also had no idea just how dirty the sewers were.

However, when she saw Nick relaxing, she decided to stop asking questions.

Right now, except for his heavy injuries, Nick felt great.

"Your body has been cleansed," the woman said. "Do you prefer a quick cleansing shower for your head, or are you fine with taking a quick dive in the bath?"

"I'll take a quick dive," Nick said.

The woman nodded. "About a minute in total should be enough. You can take multiple dives, of course."

Nick nodded back, took a breath, and went underwater.

For the first time, he was actually happy to be submerged in liquid.

Nick couldn't describe just how great this felt.

After a minute, Nick surfaced again.

"Please, step out," the woman said.

Nick did just that, and when he could finally take a good look at his appearance, his eyes widened.

He had never been so clean before in his entire life!

All the stains in his clothing were gone, and his skin felt so smooth!

However, not everything was great.

Nick saw that his skin had started to swell in multiple places.

Apparently, his wounds were already starting to get infected and swollen.

A moment later, Nick heard a shocked gasp, and he turned to the woman.

"I'm sorry," she said with genuine worry and pity. "I'm so sorry."

Nick wasn't sure what she meant.

Since Nick was now clean, the woman could actually see Nick's injuries properly.

Broken bones, destroyed nails, and bleeding cuts all across his body.

It was like Nick had fallen down a staircase made of swords.

"Please, follow me," she said with a slightly urgent voice as she opened the next door.

Nick did just that.

In the next room, he saw 15 green baths, but compared to the previous baths, there were also several pieces of external equipment.

For example, there were breathing masks beside a couple of the baths.

Nick also saw that people were in four of the baths.

"Please, in here," the woman said as she gestured to one of the baths.

Nick walked over and slowly entered the bath.

As soon as he was fully submerged, he started to feel warm.

The next moment, a breathing mask was put on his face, and a hand gently pushed him into the bath.

It took some getting used to, but eventually, Nick managed to acclimate to staying below the surface.

The feeling the bath gave him was so great and warm that Nick felt himself drift away.

And just a couple of minutes later, Nick fell asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28 - 28 – Uniform
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eventually, Nick woke up.

While everything had felt great, it was not so great that he would finish a whole night's sleep in the bath.

Nick wanted to scratch his nose but accidentally hit the breathing mask.

After that, he remembered where he was, and he quickly sat up in the bath.

The bath was filled with a liquid denser than water, which was why Nick didn't swim in it.

When Nick poked his head out, he saw one other person in the baths, but he didn't remember that one.

'The others probably already left.'

The next moment, Nick's eyes met with one of the employees, and the employee walked over.

It was a woman in a green uniform, but a different one from before.

After a bit, the employee reached Nick's bath. "Please, take off the mask."

Nick did just that, and the woman looked at Nick's face.

A moment later, she wrote something down on a clipboard. "Do you feel pain anywhere?" she asked neutrally.

Nick moved his shoulders and legs around a bit.

"No, everything feels great," Nick said with surprise.

"And your nose?" the woman asked.

Nick's eyes widened, and he quickly touched his nose.

When he noticed that his nose was also fully healed, he was quite surprised. "It's healed?" he asked in confusion.

The employee nodded. "The healing liquid doesn't need to be in direct contact with the injured area. It also seeps through your skin and travels across your body."

She wrote a bit more on the clipboard before turning the clipboard around and holding it to Nick. "Sign here, and you can go."

Nick slowly and carefully stood up.

Surprisingly, the liquid was falling off him without leaving any stains or making him wet.

The next moment, Nick took the clipboard into his hand and started to read.

…

…

"Are there any problems?" the employee asked with a slightly impatient tone after over two minutes.

"Oh, no," Nick answered quickly. "I'm just not very good at reading."

The employee just rolled her eyes. "It basically just says that you feel healthy and that you want to leave."

Nick nodded. "Okay, but I still want to read it."

The employee got even more annoyed, but she didn't say anything.

After around three more minutes, Nick was finally done.

Luckily, there wasn't a lot written on the clipboard, and it wasn't nearly as hard to understand as the NDA Nick signed.

Eventually, Nick grabbed the pen on the clipboard and awkwardly signed.

He still wasn't used to writing.

Nick handed the clipboard back, and the employee quickly grabbed it.

"Have a nice day. You can go," she said curtly before walking away.

Nick just nodded and walked to the exit.

Luckily, there was a second door, which meant that he didn't need to pass through the room with the cleansing baths again.

Since Nick hadn't put any of his belongings away, he could directly leave.

While Nick was walking through the hospital, he looked around with interest.

His life was no longer in danger, which allowed him to appreciate the look of the hospital.

Everything seemed so… clean.

Nick had never seen anything this clean before.

It felt so alien to him.

Nick had lived in the Dregs for his entire life, and the Dregs were not the cleanest place.

When Nick reached the lobby, he only saw two people.

The receptionist and a boy.

The boy was standing at the side of the lobby with a stack of clothes in his hands, and he awkwardly looked around.

The boy was maybe 14 years old or something like that.

For a second, the eyes of Nick and the boy met.

The boy looked at Nick with anxiety and looked at his clothing.

Then, he looked towards the direction of the baths again.

"You searching for someone?" Nick asked.

The boy was surprised when Nick started a conversation.

"Yes, yes!" the boy answered nervously. "I'm supposed to deliver these clothes to someone called Nick."

Nick blinked twice. "That's me."

"Oh?" the boy uttered as he looked at Nick with surprise.

But then, his brows furrowed as he looked at Nick's clothing again.

"But your clothing isn't dirty," he said.

"I bathed in my clothing," Nick said. "I presume these clothes are from Wyntor?"

When the boy heard Nick say Wyntor's name, he sighed in relief. "Yes," he said.

The next moment, he held the clothes forward, and Nick took them.

Nick couldn't see all of the clothes since they were folded, but he could see quite a bit of red and black.

That was when Nick's eyes widened, and he subconsciously gripped the clothes tighter.

"Is that… Crimson Fungus City's official Zephyx Extractor uniform?" Nick asked in surprise.

The boy nodded with a smile. "Yes, sir."

At this moment, it really hit Nick.

He was a Zephyx Extractor!

Nick had seen a couple of Extractors walking around, and they had worn a uniform just like this one.

Crimson Fungus City required all Zephyx Extractors to wear this uniform, no matter to which company they belonged.

Extractors had to wear the uniform when they were on duty, but they were also encouraged to wear it in their spare time.

While it wasn't mandatory for Extractors to wear their uniforms in their free time, it had become the norm after many lawsuits.

What if an Extractor uses their ability? Would they be on duty or not?

What if someone tried to steal from them and got incinerated by the Extractor's ability?

Of course, the city didn't care about the fate of criminals, but they very much cared about the criminals' bodies and blood.

Even criminals brought in blood and money.

Zephyx Extractors are allowed to kill people from the Dregs with a good reason. Otherwise, they would need to pay a fine of about 5,000 credits.

Extractors are also allowed to kill people of the Outer City, but only when the person tried to physically assault them first.

Because of the many unnecessary deaths, the city encouraged the Extractors to wear their uniform when going out.

Even in their spare time.

'And now, I finally have my very own uniform,' Nick thought as he looked at the uniform in his hand.

'I'm now officially a Zephyx Extractor!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29 - 29 – Acquaintance
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Thanks," Nick said as he looked at the boy again.

"No problem!" the boy said with a polite smile. "I will be working under you for the foreseeable future, sir."

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise. "You're working for me?"

The boy nodded. "Yes. I'm a steward apprentice in sir Wyntor's family, sir. I'm going to be working for the two of you for the next couple of months to gain experience. If there is anything you need, just tell me. Please, also tell me if there is anything I can improve."

Nick felt a bit strange being superior to someone else.

He hadn't led anyone before.

"Sure, what's your name?" Nick asked.

"Oh, excuse me!" the boy shouted nervously. "I forgot to introduce myself!"

"My name's Pator Tailor, sir. Please, refer to me as Pator."

Nick nodded. "Alright, Pator. You can call me Nick."

Pator looked quite surprised.

Calling the Chief Zephyx Extractor of a Zephyx Manufacturer by their first name?

"Okay, sure. Thank you," Pator said, not daring to call Nick by his name.

Nick nodded with a smile and walked out of the hospital, Pator following him.

"Where's Wyntor?" Nick asked as they walked towards the warehouse.

"Sir is currently in the family's estate. He told me that you do not need to work for a couple of days," Pator explained.

Nick furrowed his brows. "Why?" he asked.

"I don't know, sir," Pator said. "If I am not told the reason, it means it is not of my concern. However, sir has also said that someone will be telling you all the necessary things in the headquarters."

'Someone's going to tell me these things?' Nick thought with a raised eyebrow.

After walking for a bit, Nick arrived in front of the warehouse.

Whenever Nick saw the warehouse, he had to take a short moment to look at it.

It wasn't anything big or majestic, but it represented his future.

Nick just loved looking at it.

Eventually, Nick walked into the warehouse with Pator in tow.

As soon as Nick entered the warehouse, he immediately became wary.

At this moment, a cloaked figure was closely inspecting the console beside the Containment Unit of the Dreamer.

However, since Wyntor said that someone was waiting for Nick, he didn't immediately attack.

"Please, wait outside, Pator," the cloaked person said without turning around.

When he heard the voice, Pator realized who it was, and he quickly nodded. "Of course, sir."

The next moment, Pator walked out of the warehouse.

Meanwhile, Nick looked at the cloaked person with furrowed brows.

The voice was familiar, but he couldn't quite place it.

The cloaked person turned to Nick.

"How's reading practice going?" the person asked.

And then, Nick suddenly remembered where he had heard that voice from.

"Albert?" Nick asked in surprise.

The cloaked person, Albert, chuckled and removed the cloak, revealing his grey and black hair.

When Nick saw Albert's face, he smiled brightly.

"What are you doing here?" Nick asked as he walked closer.

"Wyntor told me what happened," Albert said. "He thought you might need a bit of guidance since this is your first Specter."

When Nick heard that, he released a sigh of relief.

Naturally, Nick had been quite nervous about the Dreamer.

How was he supposed to get Zephyx out of the Dreamer?

Nick had no idea.

Luckily, Albert was now here, making things much easier.

"Yes, I think I could use some help," Nick said.

Albert chuckled a bit and turned to the console.

"Everything looks fine," he said. "Prephyx levels are elevated, but that's to be expected since it is currently recovering. Zephyx levels are at zero, but that's also expected. The Dreamer is not a Specter that passively gives off Zephyx."

"I already took a look at it earlier, and I have to say, you really went to town on this one," Albert said with a chuckle. "The poor thing is so beat up that it doesn't even want to move right now. It didn't even move when I poked it."

Nick looked with a worried look at Albert. "It's not dying, right?"

"Oh, nah, you don't need to worry about that. It's quite hard to kill a Specter. To kill it, you would need to destroy the core in its head or shred its torso to pieces. Injuries that would kill humans just put Specters in a sort of stasis or hibernation, and as long as they are not isolated from Prephyx, they will recover quite rapidly," Albert explained.

Nick nodded in relief.

He didn't know what he would have done if the Dreamer died after all that had happened.

"Everything looks good," Albert said once more as he lightly slapped the console.

Then, he turned to Nick. "Wanna go get Zephyx out of it right now?"

Nick raised an eyebrow. "Wyntor said that the Dreamer is too injured to be worked with and that it will take a couple of days."

Albert's smile widened. "He's right."

Then, Albert took a small bottle out of one of his pockets and waved it around a bit. "But he doesn't know I have this."

"What's that?" Nick asked as he looked at the bottle with interest.

"The stuff you've been bathing in," Albert said, "Just a lot stronger."

Nick remembered the green bath as he looked at the green liquid.

"Wait, you're using that on the Dreamer?" Nick asked.

"Why not?" Albert asked with a grin.

"Well, what if something happens?" Nick asked.

Albert just snorted. "What's supposed to happen? Nick, I'm a level four Extractor. I can kill the Dreamer with a casual kick."

Nick scratched the back of his head.

Sure, Albert was powerful, but Nick still felt that it was a bit weird to heal a Specter with expensive medicine.

"I mean, sure, if you want to," Nick said with a shrug.

Albert's smile widened, and he mischievously moved his eyebrows up and down.

Then, Albert pressed a button on the console, and a moment later, the personnel door to the Containment Unit opened.

Albert walked in without hesitation, and Nick followed him nervously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30 - 30 – Negotiation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The lights in the Containment Unit had already been turned on.

Every second the lights were on was expensive, but it was a necessary expenditure.

After all, they couldn't work with the Specter in the dark.

When Nick entered the Containment Unit, he saw a black shadow in the corner of the room.

The Dreamer was lying in the most distant corner, unmoving.

"Alright, princess," Albert said loudly as he walked towards the Dreamer. "Enough moping around."

The Dreamer didn't move.

Albert opened the small bottle and very carefully removed one drop of liquid with his finger.

Then, he just wiped his finger on the Dreamer's head and moved back a bit.

A moment later, the Dreamer's body twitched, and then, its body began to smoke.

Nick saw how the Dreamer's eyes were regrowing at a visible speed.

On top of that, its broken wings and ribs were moving back into place with cracking sounds.

Around a minute later, the Dreamer had fully recovered.

Even though Nick knew that he was safe behind Albert, he still felt a bit nervous.

After all, this was a Specter.

The Dreamer slowly opened its eyes and looked around the Containment Unit.

Then, its eyes fell on Nick.

DING! DING! DING! DING!

Suddenly, a loud alarm sounded in the room.

Nick knew what this alarm meant.

The alarm sounded when a sharp spike in Prephyx levels inside the Containment Unit was measured.

A sudden spike in Prephyx levels meant that the Specter was preparing an attack.

Apparently, the Dreamer wasn't the biggest fan of Nick.

An instant later, the Dreamer shot to its feet and charged at Nick.

"Hol' up, missy!"

BANG!

Albert's left hand opened and grabbed the Dreamer's head in a fluid motion.

The Dreamer flapped around and used its talons to stab Albert's torso.

DING!

Yet, when the Dreamer's talons hit Albert's torso, a metallic sound reverberated throughout the room, and Albert wasn't injured in the slightest.

DING! DING! DING!

The Dreamer used several more attacks, but no matter what it did, Albert wasn't injured in the slightest.

Albert didn't even move.

After about 30 seconds, the Dreamer gave up.

Obviously, this man right in front of it was far more powerful than it was.

"There we go," Albert said as he put the Dreamer down again. "Now, can we have a normal conversation?"

The Dreamer just glared at the distant Nick.

It really didn't like Nick.

"Just ignore him for now," Albert said, moving to stand between the Dreamer and Nick.

The next moment, Albert squatted to be at eye level with the Dreamer.

Surprisingly, the Dreamer also looked into Albert's eyes.

There was no fear in its eyes.

"You're a Specter that feeds on mentality," Albert said. "You're not a Specter that feeds off blood, organs, bodies, death, or unfortunate circumstances."

"You feed on mentality, which means that you have gone through enough memories to understand what I am saying. I'm quite sure of it."

The Dreamer didn't show any reaction.

"I'm not sure if you realize your current circumstances. So, let me enlighten you."

"You have been captured, and you are inside a Containment Unit from a Zephyx Manufacturer."

The Dreamer showed no reaction.

"You are not going to break out. That's not going to happen. This is your new home indefinitely."

"However, if you manage to gain the trust of the company, we might be able to enter a cooperation in the future."

"At that point, you can leave the Containment Unit."

"But until then, you are stuck here, and I'm also quite sure that you know why we humans catch Specters, right?"

The Dreamer showed no reaction.

"We want Zephyx. The stuff you produce when you absorb all that energy from the atmosphere," Albert explained.

"As long as you give us Zephyx, your life won't be bad. We will even help you in becoming stronger."

"The stronger you become, the more Prephyx and Zephyx you contain, which leaves less Prephyx and Zephyx for all the Specters that are still roaming free. Increasing your power is also in our interest."

"Because of that, we will not be stealing all of your Zephyx. Only the majority. The precise amount is not up to me, but that's how it usually works."

"We give you food. You give us Zephyx. You become stronger. We get money."

"Understand?"

The Dreamer showed no reaction.

It just kept on looking forward.

"Alright," Albert said as he stood up again. "Let me give you a couple of hours to think. Now, my little friend over here will be doing most of the work. So, I don't want you to attack him."

The Dreamer moved slightly to the side so that it could look at Nick again.

Nick just looked back emotionlessly.

The next moment, Albert took out a little gadget from one of his pockets and looked at it.

"Man, it really doesn't like you," Albert said to Nick with a chuckle. "Specters aren't usually that angry when they get captured, you know?"

The gadget Albert had in his hand was a mobile Prephyx scanner. It had the same function as the alarm from earlier, but it was portable and had a higher sensitivity.

Just now, the Prephyx levels had been going up and down, almost like the Dreamer debated attacking Nick again.

"Now, listen here. One more thing," Albert said, pushing the Dreamer's head to look at him again.

"If you don't cooperate, we'll have to do the bargain bin method, and you don't want that."

Nick raised an eyebrow. 'Bargain bin method?'

The Dreamer looked at Albert again.

"Most Specters cooperate to some degree. Not all of them cooperate fully, but they, at least, consume stuff to continue growing, which produces Zephyx."

"But there are also the Specters that completely refuse to do anything. They believe that they can simply use up our money by forcing us to spend resources on keeping them contained without gaining anything from them."

"These Specters are not very popular with the Manufacturers, but there is still a way to get money out of them."

The next moment, Albert grabbed the tip of the Dreamer's right wing.

RIIIIP!

And tore it off.

The Dreamer pulled its wing back, but it didn't seem like it was in pain.

Albert showed the Dreamer the part of the wing he had torn off.

Then, Albert took out a small box with a shredder on top.

Albert put the part of the Dreamer he had torn off onto the shredder, and the shredder immediately turned the part into tiny particles.

After that, the wires all over the box started to electrify, and a minute later, the particles in the box vanished.

Albert opened the box and showed it to the Dreamer.

"You get it?" Albert asked.

The Dreamer looked into the box.

Just now, it had felt a bit of Zephyx coming out of the box.

"That's the bargain bin method," Albert said. "We can tear about 70% of your body off without killing you. We shove that body into the mixer, get our Zephyx, and give you a week to recover."

Albert slowly stood up.

"Either you cooperate, or that's your future."

"It's your decision."

"We'll be back in about three hours."

After that, Albert walked out of the Containment Unit.

The Dreamer just looked at Nick.

Nick looked back, but he also left a couple of seconds later.

The Dreamer just kept looking at the door.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31 - 31 – Old Lady
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After Albert and Nick left the Containment Unit, Nick just looked at Albert with a raised eyebrow. "So, you just talk to them?"

Albert just laughed. "At least that's the first thing we try generally. It doesn't take a lot of resources, and it's rather quick. Might as well try this before we invest lives and energy."

"Does it actually work?" Nick asked.

"Sometimes. Not always, though," Albert said. "The thing is, the Dreamer is a Specter that feeds on mentality, which means it actually understands humans to a certain degree. It might not be able to articulate itself or learn how to speak, but it should be able to understand most of what we say."

"Working with a Specter that feeds on mentality can be a blessing and a curse at the same time."

"It's a blessing since you can almost always communicate directly with them, making most things very smooth."

"But it can also be a curse since Specters that feed on mentality are generally much more intelligent than other kinds of Specters."

"Specters like these breach almost as much as Force Specters."

"Like, there is this one Specter called the Old Lady. She is constantly in agony and pain, but she is still extremely friendly. Extractors can extract Zephyx simply by talking with her."

"I worked with her a couple of times. She's actually very easy to work with, and it is even fun at times. She is a great conversationalist, and she always shows real care towards my problems. At least when she's not wincing in pain or complaining about the darkness or her loneliness."

Nick looked sympathetic when he heard Albert's description.

But the next moment, Albert suddenly pointed at Nick's face. "That! That's what she's after. Pity!"

"The Old Lady feeds on pity."

"On pity?" Nick asked.

Albert nodded. "Yep. She grows more powerful by eliciting pity from people. By being nice to them and making them like you, they are far more likely to feel bad for your circumstances. That's why it's such a great time to talk to her."

"In like the first year of her being in the Containment Unit, she breached three times. Just for your info, that's a lot!" Albert said.

"The first one was when one of the clerks got to know her and decided to free her. Of course, a rational human being wouldn't do something like that since they would essentially forfeit their life, but Specters that feed on mentality have many subtle mental influences that can cloud your judgment."

"Naturally, when the Old Lady came out, she immediately killed the clerk to make sure that she didn't call anyone."

"After that, she tried to get out of the building, but she ran across an off-duty Extractor, who rapidly suppressed her and put her back in the Containment Unit."

"The second time was after she had worked and talked with the same Extractor for around a month."

"Back then, we saw no issues, but it turned out that the more you talked to her, the closer your attachment to her."

"So, after working with her for over a month, the Extractor essentially became her eternal servant but never showed any signs on the outside."

"Naturally, the Extractor busted her out, and the two of them ran away."

"Five people died on their escape."

"It took several days to catch them, and funnily enough, a different Manufacturer captured them, which meant that the Old Lady now belonged to a completely different company."

The next moment, Albert laughed loudly.

"And then she broke out again within a week by getting a clerk to free her again, and the first Manufacturer recaptured her."

"She hasn't broken out since then. They constantly rotate clerks and Extractors, making sure that everyone only gets to talk to her once a week."

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise.

He had expected that, as soon as the Specters were in the Containment Units, they would remain there.

But now, he had heard of a Specter that had breached three times in a year via multiple ways.

"So, yeah," Albert said, looking at Nick. "They are easy to work with, but if you are careless even once, they will breach and cause you massive trouble."

Nick could only nod.

"And the Dreamer is one of those," Nick commented.

"Yep," Albert said. "I'm pretty certain that the Dreamer will agree to work with us, but if you are careless in any way, it will not hesitate to kill anyone to get out."

"Nick, I'm going to tell you something that my old mentor has told me. Back then, I didn't believe him, but after decades of working with Specters, I can tell you that he spoke the truth."

Albert put his hands on Nick's shoulders and looked him deep in the eyes.

"Specters can not feel happiness, companionship, or pity," Albert said solemnly.

"After decades of research performed by thousands of Extractors, we have found not even a single Specter that can feel any of these things."

"Whenever you see them being in pain or being supportive, it is only an act. They want to get closer to you in some way for some sort of gain."

"Never believe them."

"Never become their friend."

"Never try to ally with them unless you know that working for you is more beneficial for the Specter than being free. Specters will always do what is most beneficial to them."

"And even then, there are Specters that act chaotically, against their own interests."

"Every Specter is unique, and every Specter needs to be treated differently."

"Even the Blood Mosquito is contained inside a special Containment Unit. It has worked together with Crimson Fungus City for decades, but they still don't dare to let its main body out of their sight."

"Kugelblitz always has at least two level four Extractors or a level five Extractor stationed near the Blood Mosquito, even though there has been no issue with it for decades."

"That's how careful you have to be of them."

"Do you understand?" Albert asked with a serious tone.

Nick took a deep breath.

Then, he nodded with conviction.

"I will never feel empathy for a Specter!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32 - 32 – Stages
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Good," Albert said with a sigh. "Anyway, how about I tell you about some general things regarding working with other Specters?"

"Sounds good," Nick said.

The next moment, Nick and Albert walked over to the side of the warehouse and sat in some chairs.

For the next three hours, Albert taught Nick about general techniques for working with different Specters.

The more Nick heard, the gloomier he felt.

Apparently, there were quite a great number of Specters that simply gained power by killing people, and they only produced Zephyx that way.

These kinds of Specters were either amazing or almost worthless.

It all depended on the moral flexibility of the Manufacturer and their standing in the community.

As the de-facto owner of the city, Kugelblitz didn't use any unsavory methods like this, but there were a couple of Manufacturers that did just that.

Naturally, Kugelblitz acted like the righteous authority and tried to uncover the obvious practices of the Manufacturers, but behind closed curtains, they were most likely paid off to look the other way.

These other Manufacturers mostly got their Zephyx from dying people.

An old person has a horrible disease that will eventually lead to their death?

Hey, want to earn a ton of money for the family you're leaving behind? You just gotta die a bit earlier.

And apparently, there were always enough sick people, even though Albert said that the hygiene and cleanliness in the Inner City was brutally high.

Albert even went as far as to say that getting sick in the Inner City without outside influence was nearly impossible.

Albert didn't directly say it, but he suspected that the Manufacturers were using shady methods to spread these diseases, but none of that had been proven yet.

Naturally, Nick was not really worried about all of that but about what he would do if he captured such a Specter.

Killing someone just for a bit of money?

That felt unacceptable to him.

Sadly, the only other option to get Zephyx out of these kinds of Specters was to use the bargain bin method, and when Albert mentioned the bargain bin method again, he actually chuckled in embarrassment.

Under Nick's stunned gaze, Albert told him that Wyntor actually didn't own a shredder like the one Albert had shown him.

Apparently, the cheapest method to shred parts of Specters was buying a huge shredder that cost Zephyx to operate.

Its prize was two million credits, over four times as much as the Containment Unit the Dreamer was currently in.

Wyntor didn't have the finances to purchase something like that.

When Albert had said that they would just grind the Dreamer down, he had lied.

"So, if the Dreamer refuses, we are essentially stuck?" Nick asked.

"Well," Albert said as he scratched his chin. "Not exactly."

"If, for some reason, the Dreamer completely refuses to work with you, you can still sell it."

"The Dreamer is not a newborn Specter. I think it is in the Mid, if not Late, Hatchling Stage. That's worth quite a bit."

"Hatchling Stage?" Nick asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Oh yeah," Albert said. "That's what we Extractors call the different levels of the Specters. The official designation is simply level-based. Level one, two, three, and so on, but we Extractors decided to come up with an unofficial one."

"Hatchlings are level one Specters."

"Adolescents are level two Specters."

"Adults are level three Specters."

"Elders are level four Specters."

"Fanatics are level five Specters."

"Wow, wait," Nick said. "Why are they suddenly called Fanatics? Everything up to this point seemed to follow an age progression."

Albert chuckled a bit. "Mainly because level five Specters and stronger have this thing where some people start worshipping them due to their power and influence. For example, the Parasite has a secret cult, and all the Manufacturers are trying their best to get rid of it since the cult kills people and delivers corpses to the Parasite."

"Anyway, level six Specters are Demons. We call them like this due to their extreme power and danger."

"Level seven Specters are Fallen."

"Level eight Specters are called Adversaries. Mainly because they pose the biggest problem to humanity as a whole."

"Really?" Nick asked. "What about the level nine Specters?"

"First of all, there are fewer level nine Specters than level eight Specters."

"Second, the five level nine Specters are already an integral part of our lives, which we can't escape from. Their existence determines the baseline of humanity as a whole."

"So, in a bizarre way, the level nine Specters are not humanity's enemies but the judges of humanity's prosperity."

"In contrast, we can still somewhat resist the level eight Specters, and the level eight Specters are doing their very best to suppress humanity."

"If you view humanity as a big company, you could view the level eight Specters as the chief executives and the level nine Specters as the owners. The owners very rarely come into contact with the employees, and they are rarely noticed by the employees, but when they arrive, even the chief executives have to be beyond respectful."

"In comparison, the chief executives are the ones making all the decisions and dictating how everyone feels. So, while the level nine Specters are more powerful, they do whatever they want, which means, in a way, they are not the collective enemy of humanity."

"It's a bit weird to explain."

"It's like, one is a huge monster, and the other is a natural catastrophe. You can't really view a natural catastrophe as an enemy or fight it, you know?"

Nick scratched his chin.

"Oh, by the way, what are level nine Specters called?"

"Eternal," Albert answered. "They are just called Eternals."

Nick nodded. "Is there something similar for Extractors?"

Albert nodded.

"Level one Extractors are called Newbies."

"Level two are called Johns."

"John?" Nick asked with a raised eyebrow.

Albert laughed. "Yes, John. Level two Extractors are the most numerous and most average. They used to be called John Doe, but it was shortened to just Johns. The most common and generic Extractors get the most common and generic name."

"Johns," Nick repeated. "You're serious?"

"I'm absolutely serious," Albert said with a suppressed chuckle.

"If everything works out, you will also become a John one day."

Nick just blinked once.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33 - 33 – Charge
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a while, Nick just sighed.

It seemed like Extractors were quite casual.

"What about level three Extractors?" Nick asked.

"Veterans," Albert answered. "They already worked a lot with Specters, which is why they are called Veterans."

"Level four Extractors are called Experts. I'm an Expert," Albert said with a smile.

"level five Extractors are called Specialists. Crimson Fungus City has fewer than 30 of those."

"Level six Extractors are called Heroes."

"Heroes?" Nick asked.

"Yep, because if there is something threatening the city, they are the ones saving us, and without them, this city wouldn't even exist," Albert explained. "Without the Heroes, all of us wouldn't be alive right now. Heroes represent the strongest existences we can get into contact with."

Nick raised an eyebrow. "But what about the level seven and level eight Extractors?"

"They're special," Albert said. "Normal cities only have Extractors up to level six."

"Level seven Extractors count as legends, and they have dedicated their lives to helping humanity against the Specters."

"Level seven Extractors are the ones keeping humanity safe from the Fallen, the level seven Specters."

"There are less than a hundred level seven Extractors."

"They are called the Protectors."

"And as for level eight Extractors…" Albert said before trailing off.

Then, he released a deep sigh.

"We are forever stuck with only having seven of them."

"We will never be able to have more than seven."

"Why?" Nick asked with furrowed brows.

"The Maw," Albert answered. "The Maw just loves pitting similarly powerful Extractors against each other, and it always takes eight."

"So, if we ever get an eighth level eight Extractor, the Maw will take all of them."

"In the end, only one will come out."

"Meanwhile, there are over 40 level eight Specters."

Nick became silent when he heard that.

Seven versus over forty.

The level eight Extractors were fighting a hopeless battle.

"And what are they called?" Nick asked.

"Well, for all intents and purposes, they should be called Heroes, but since normal people keep referring to level six Extractors as Heroes, we had to choose a different name."

"So, we decided to name them after what they are doing."

"They are unable to injure our enemy, but at least they are able to shield us from the worst our enemy can throw at us."

"That's why we call them Shields."

Nick remained silent for a while.

He could feel how noble and selfless the seven Shields were.

Without them, the Adversaries, the level eight Specters, would have already run rampant.

"Is there a name for a potential level nine Extractor?" Nick asked.

Albert remained silent for a while.

"Well, a level nine Extractor would be able to resist the Eternals, and they would have the power to actually win against the Specters as a whole."

"Someone like that could only be called our Savior."

Nick just nodded without saying anything.

Level seven and level eight Extractors seemed to be very different from all the other Extractors, according to what Albert had said.

The weaker Extractors were still working for the different cities and effectively running them, but level seven and level eight Extractors were focusing on protecting humanity from the Specters.

However, Nick wasn't na?ve. He knew exactly that it wasn't possible that every single level seven Extractor was some kind of selfless saint who dedicated their life to fighting for humanity.

This meant that there were either more level seven Extractors or every level seven Extractor was forced to fight for humanity.

Nick wished that the second option was true, but he guessed that the first one was more likely to be true.

'The truly powerful people have a chance at actually changing the world for the better.'

'Someone that has the power to change something should have a duty to change things.'

'So many people want to change the world for the better but lack the power. Because of that, I believe that when you have the power, you have a duty to make the world a better place.'

'I wouldn't be opposed to forcing the strong humans to fight for humanity.'

'They don't need to sacrifice their lives, but they need to put in a real effort.'

Nick sighed.

'However, all of that doesn't matter. I am weak, and my opinion and actions have nearly no effect on the world as a whole.'

'For now, I should focus on what's in front of me.'

"Should we go back to the Dreamer?" Nick asked.

"Oh, has it been three hours already?" Albert asked.

Nick nodded.

"Alright, then, go in."

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise. "You're not coming with me?"

"Nope," Albert said. "This is your Specter. I showed you how to work with it and helped you a bit, but that was it."

"You're the Chief Zephyx Extractor. You're the one in charge of all Specters and Extractors. It is your duty to manage the facility. If you can't keep the Specters in check, you won't be able to get any Zephyx from them, at which point you have to sell them," Albert explained.

Nick took a deep breath. "I understand."

Naturally, Nick knew that he was the one in charge, but it was still difficult to come to terms with it.

Nick had never led anyone, and he was still only 16 years old.

Having the fate of an entire corporation hanging on his actions alone made his chest feel tight and his shoulders heavy.

Usually, one could almost always ask someone more powerful or more experienced.

A child could ask an adult about what to do.

An employee could ask their supervisor.

A supervisor could ask a manager.

A soldier could ask an officer.

And Nick?

He was the one in charge.

Well, technically, Wyntor was in charge, but Wyntor didn't have much to do with the Specters themselves.

'I guess I have to learn to take control and to lead people,' Nick thought with a sigh.

'It just feels so weird.'

'I'm not entirely sure what I should do.'

Nick took a deep breath and stood up.

'Well, I won't get an answer by just thinking about it.'

Then, he walked towards the Containment Unit of the Dreamer.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34 - 34 – Work
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick operated the console and opened the entrance for the employees.

The light in the Containment Unit sprang on, and Nick immediately saw the Dreamer after opening the door.

The Dreamer was standing near one of the walls.

Nick wasn't sure if he preferred this position over the one where the Dreamer just lay in the corner.

Nick stepped into the Containment Unit with confidence, and the door closed behind him.

Nick looked at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer looked at Nick.

Silence.

Nick's heart began to race.

At this moment, Nick's ability obviously didn't work, and the employee door took a couple of seconds to open.

This meant that if the Dreamer decided to attack, Nick would have to fight it for a couple of seconds before Albert could get in or Nick out.

'I can't rely on Albert,' Nick thought as he looked at the Dreamer with narrowed eyes. 'Albert is only here for today. Even if he saves me now, he won't be able to save me tomorrow.'

'Remember, Albert said that Specters always do what's most beneficial to them.'

'The Dreamer is not powerful enough to escape from the Containment Unit. Even if it kills me, it won't be able to get out, and I'm certain it knows that.'

'Because of that, attacking me would only antagonize the Manufacturer it now belongs to, reducing our trust in it and making its life more difficult.'

'If I were in its position, I would want to play the good boy until I get enough Zephyx to become a level two Specter, an Adolescent, before breaking out of the Containment Unit.'

The Dreamer and Nick were still silently looking at each other.

The Dreamer had no expression whatsoever, and Nick had no idea what it was thinking or feeling right now.

It just kept staring at him like a statue.

"I presume you are willing to work with us," Nick said. "I think you would have attacked me if you didn't agree."

"Smart decision."

The Dreamer just kept looking at Nick.

"We both know my power, and we both know that you are superior to me in every way as long as you can see me."

"However, we also know that I can still avoid your attacks for a while, and compared to before, we are now on my home turf."

"I only need to survive until the door is open."

The Dreamer didn't do anything.

Naturally, the Dreamer's lack of reaction increased Nick's heart rate.

It was just too creepy to look at something that was alive but deliberately acted like it was not.

"Of course, you still have a genuine chance to kill me."

The Dreamer didn't do anything.

"But you have also noticed the alarms earlier, and I'm pretty sure you already figured out when the alarm gets triggered."

"If you decide to attack me, I will know before you actually attack."

The Dreamer just kept staring emotionlessly and silently.

DING! DING! DING!

The next moment, the alarm rang, and Nick immediately put his hand on the console of the door behind him.

However, he didn't press it.

Instead, he only glared at the Dreamer.

Surprisingly, the Dreamer just kept standing there.

It was almost like it hadn't done anything.

"You get it now?" Nick asked.

Naturally, the Dreamer had tested out the alarm.

It wanted to know if the past activations had just been coincidences or not.

And it didn't like what it saw.

Whenever it was thinking about launching an attack, the alarm rang.

The alarm activated so fast that the Dreamer wasn't even sure whether or not it had actually wanted to attack.

It felt very bizarre.

It was almost like the alarm could tell the future.

"Okay," Nick said as he walked away from the door.

Then, he slowly walked towards the Dreamer.

Since the Dreamer currently stood on the ground, it seemed almost harmless.

After all, it was just a barely 50-centimeter-tall owl.

Sure, it was quite a big bird, but that was it.

However, Nick knew how powerful the Dreamer actually was.

Step by step, Nick closed in on the Dreamer.

Eventually, only a single meter separated them.

The entire time, the two of them only looked into each other's eyes.

Silence.

The Dreamer didn't attack.

Naturally, Nick's heart rate was quite elevated at this moment, and adrenaline was coursing through his body.

However, he also knew that he had to get through this.

If he didn't manage to work with the Dreamer, he couldn't call himself the Chief Zephyx Extractor.

He had to be able to work with the most powerful Specters of the company.

"Good," Nick said. "Then, let's start working."

The next moment, Nick turned around and walked to one of the walls.

Then, he sat down with his back to the wall.

"You gain power by giving people nightmares, right?"

The Dreamer didn't answer.

"When you gain power, you give off the stuff we want."

"Albert!" Nick shouted as he looked towards one of the walls. "Set the conversion rate to 90% for now."

Some seconds passed.

"Done!" Albert's voice came from one of the speakers in the corner.

Nick nodded and looked back at the Dreamer.

"For now, we will take 90%, and you get to keep 10%. Naturally, that is very much in our favor, but for now, that's your only option."

"If you prove to be trustworthy, we will allow you to retain more Zephyx. After all, if you manage to become an Adolescent, we will also get more Zephyx."

"You growing stronger is also in our interest."

"But for now, we have to be careful of you."

The next moment, Nick took a deep breath.

"I will try to fall asleep in here, and you do your thing."

"However, keep in mind that I am currently the only person willing to work with you using this method. If I accidentally die, we will only have the bargain bin method left, and we might not trust you anymore, which means you stay a Hatchling forever."

"Don't do anything stupid."

And then, Nick closed his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35 - 35 – Falling Asleep
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick's eyes remained closed.

On the inside, Nick's heart was still racing, and he felt very nervous, but on the outside, he seemed calm.

He wanted to open his eyes several times, but he forced them closed.

Time passed.

Clink.

Nick's eyes slowly opened.

Just now, the Dreamer took a step forward, its black eyes fully focused on Nick's eyes.

It was still as expressionless as earlier.

Nick covertly took a very deep breath and closed his eyes.

Clink.

Nick's eyes remained closed.

Clink.

Clink.

Clink.

Clink!

Clink!

CLINK CLINK!

The last two steps had come within a short moment from Nick's right side.

He knew that the Dreamer was currently standing directly beside him.

Nick slowly opened his eyes and turned his head to the side.

Black eyes!

Nick's body shuddered as his vision was almost completely taken up by two black eyes.

While sitting, Nick could almost see eye to eye with the Dreamer, and right now, the Dreamer's eyes were just 20 centimeters away from Nick's eyes.

If the Dreamer just used its beak to peck him, Nick would probably lose one eye before he could react.

The more Nick looked into those eyes, the more he felt like they were empty.

Usually, when someone got more familiar with something, they managed to see subtle signs that told them more about the thing they were familiar with.

Not here.

The more Nick learned about the Dreamer, the more he felt like he was just looking into an emotionless ghost or something similar.

There was no disregard, hunger, rage, hatred, or whatever in its eyes.

It was almost like it wasn't even conscious.

It was like it was just a dead statue.

But it wasn't.

And that was why Nick felt so nervous right now.

It felt wrong.

Nick felt like the Dreamer wasn't supposed to exist.

It was not dead, but it didn't act like it was alive.

Nevertheless, Nick took a deep breath and closed his eyes again.

Time passed.

Minutes passed.

The Dreamer had not moved ever since it had stepped beside Nick.

After 30 minutes had passed, Nick wasn't even sure whether or not the Dreamer was actually beside him.

Usually, one could feel when someone was right beside them.

Breathing, slight movements, the change in the wind, the smell, some noise.

None of that was here.

The Dreamer didn't breathe, smell, or move, and since there was also no wind in here, it also couldn't block it.

It was like Nick was alone.

Usually, Nick would prefer this feeling.

After all, most people wanted to sleep alone.

But the fact that he knew that the Dreamer, a Specter, was right beside him made it impossible for him to calm down.

Nevertheless, Nick did his best to calm down.

However, Nick knew that this state of affairs would continue for a long time.

'How am I supposed to fall asleep with that thing right beside me?'

It was difficult enough to sleep under normal circumstances, but it was even more difficult when something you didn't trust was looking right at you.

But Nick tried.

"Nick," came the quiet voice of Albert from one of the speakers.

"Yes?" Nick asked quietly.

"The Prephyx levels are slowly rising, but my scanner says that they are not in preparation for an attack. You should inform the next person of this occurrence lest they make a miscall and rush in."

"Tell me if you feel a change."

Nick nodded slowly. "I will."

Nick hadn't opened his eyes yet.

Some moments later, Nick's mind was getting woozy.

Images from what happened that day weaved in and out of his consciousness, and Nick felt like he was losing focus.

The next moment, Nick yawned deeply.

He was about to fall asleep.

That was when Nick noticed it.

He had just expected that he would be sitting here for hours, but now, he felt very tired and was about to fall asleep?

"I am getting very tired, and I think I will fall asleep soon, Albert," Nick said. "I think the Dreamer is helping me fall asleep."

"Noted," Albert said. "Just fall asleep. I'm here if anything happens."

"If you are still asleep after eight hours, I will come in and wake you up."

Nick yawned deeply again. "Sounds great."

"Good night," Nick said in a sleepy voice.

Outside, Albert was looking at the console with a complex expression.

"Yes… good night," he answered awkwardly.

Albert just threw a glance out of the window as if to confirm whether or not it was night.

'Why am I even looking outside? I can only see the sun through the upper windows, and the sun isn't related to the time of day,' Albert thought as he shook his head.

Inside the Containment Unit, Nick felt his mind melt into different scenes.

Today had been a very busy day.

After waking up in the early morning, Nick and Wyntor had prepared themselves for their excursion.

At noon, Nick had jumped into the sewers, and he had continually been swimming in them for over ten hours.

Then, Nick had been tortured by the Nightmare, which had significantly drained his mind.

After that, Nick had fought the Dreamer in a life-and-death battle before finally subduing it.

And then, they even needed to walk several kilometers into the actual Outer City, at which point they had a short scuffle with some guards.

At least Nick had been able to take a short nap in the healing bath, but after that, he had spent another three hours in the company itself.

The fact that he had still been able to pay attention to Albert's teachings after that much had happened was surprising.

And now, Nick had been over half an hour in the presence of the Dreamer while trying not to open his eyes.

It was so much.

So much shit had happened today.

But now, Nick felt calm.

He could finally let go and get a good night's sleep.

At this moment, for whatever reason, Nick had completely forgotten the presence of the Dreamer right beside him.

Some seconds later, Nick's back and legs became weak, and his body slumped.

The Dreamer kept looking at the sleeping Nick.

On the outside, Albert looked at the different graphs on the console, and he took a deep breath when one of the graphs showed a curve traveling upward.

This was the graph for Zephyx production.

At this moment, the Dreamer was producing Zephyx.

Nick was successfully working with it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36 - 36 – Bad Dream
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm sorry! Please! I won't do it again!"

Nick shouted in absolute terror as he did his best to beg for his life on his broken legs.

BANG!

The next moment, Nick's face was kicked in by a metallic boot.

"Plehs, ahm surry," Nick cried through his crushed face.

"You are the reason why Young Master Wyntor is dead," one of the three armored people in front of him spoke. "Your carelessness is why the Lord is now grieving."

"I didn't mean to! I'm sorry!" Nick said through his crushed teeth.

BANG!

The metallic boot crushed Nick's forearm, and Nick began to scream even more.

Nick tried to get his crushed forearm out from under the boot, which was grinding Nick's forearm into a crunchy paste of meat and bone.

"You think saying sorry will help you?" the person spoke calmly and coldly through his black gas mask.

"But don't worry, you won't die today."

The black gasmask was coming closer to Nick's face.

"You will stay alive for as long as the Lord commands it."

"He has many ways to keep you alive when your body begs to die."

"No! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Please!"

Nick just kept shouting garbled words through the crushed mess that had once been his face.

"Take him away," the man said as he turned around to walk away.

"No! No!"

Nick just kept shouting as the two other people grabbed him.

The next moment, Nick found himself impaled onto a wooden cross with three spikes.

Two were going through Nick's wrists, and one was going through both his legs.

"Interesting, isn't it?" the disfigured and small man in front of Nick said with a loud but awkward chuckle.

"This is the most popular and famous torture method from the old world!" the torturer said. "We found many depictions of this torture method in the ruins."

"You should consider yourself lucky! After all, not everyone gets to reenact such a monumental piece of history with their own body."

After deciding for a while, the disfigured man took hold of a thin and small knife.

Nick didn't show any reactions.

"Alright, you know how this goes. Just don't move too much, okay?" the man shouted with an awkward laugh.

The next moment, the torturer stepped on a small ladder behind the cross and put the knife on the underside of Nick's right big toe.

And then, he cut into it.

The knife methodically moved towards the center of Nick's foot.

While this was happening, Nick's body was shuddering, but he wasn't saying anything.

"Alright, that's the first one. Keep holding still. If you do a good job, you get a couple of days of peace in the drowning cage."

Then, the torturer slowly cut down from the second toe.

Then, the third, and so on.

Eventually, all the cuts met in the middle of the underside of Nick's feet.

"Now, let's see…"

The next moment, the torturer grabbed both sides of one of the cuts and pulled to the side.

RIIIIIP!

After ripping them to the side a bit, the torturer took hold of the knife again while the other hand kept Nick's skin off from his flesh.

The next moment, the torturer slowly and carefully cut the connective tissue between Nick's skin and his flesh.

Nick gritted his teeth, but they had already been filed into thin needles that weren't aligned with each other, essentially forcing them to dig into the opposite gums when he closed his mouth.

Nevertheless, this was all Nick could do.

"Now, look at this beautiful toe," the torturer said as the skin of Nick's big toe lay on top of Nick's toe like wrapping paper for a present.

"Alright, let's do the second one."

As Nick felt a sharp and intense pain come from his second toe, he just opened his eyes lifelessly.

What greeted Nick was the sight of a human's skin hanging from the ceiling a couple of meters in front of him.

Besides that piece of skin were several more.

There were over ten sets of skins, all having different levels of quality.

They had all belonged to Nick at one point.

He had gone through this torture many, many times before.

Whenever the torturer wanted another set, he would pull out Nick's skin and then bathe him in healing liquid.

After that, Nick would get to relax in a cage that was almost completely underwater.

Only by pursing his lips on the top could Nick get a bit of air, and only when the water was calm.

And worst of all, they had cut out Nick's tongue and vocal cords to stop him from saying The Sentence.

This was his life.

This was what his life would become.

It was hopeless.

It was eternal.

The torture was never-ending.

Nick just closed his eyes again.

"Nick?"

Nick felt the reality shake.

"Hey, Nick!"

The next moment, Nick's mind began to swim, and he felt himself getting transported somewhere else.

Nick opened his eyes, and he saw a white light shining onto him.

"Huh?" Nick said in confusion.

Nick's left arm moved upward and touched his head as he grimaced a bit.

"Everything alright?" Albert asked.

"Yeah, I think so," Nick said as he slowly righted himself. "I feel a bit confused and groggy."

"Also, I think I had a really bad dream, but I don't really remember. It's all foggy."

"Right!" Nick said louder as he looked around the white room.

He spotted the Dreamer standing in one of the corners, looking at him.

Then, Nick to his left.

Albert was standing left of him.

"Are eight hours already up?" Nick asked in a bit of confusion.

"Yep," Albert said. "You slept very calmly. No one would think that you were going through a nightmare."

"You did go through one, right?"

Nick's brows furrowed. "I think so. I feel all exhausted, and I feel like I cried and went through hell."

"But I can't remember. I know that something horrible has happened, but I just don't know what exactly."

"It's a strange feeling."

Albert nodded. "Well, whatever you went through worked. You produced a lot of Zephyx. Want to see?"

Nick slowly stood up and shook his head again.

He was still tired.

"Yeah, sure."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37 - 37 – Finances
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick threw another glance at the Dreamer, which was still looking at him with its emotionless eyes.

Nick had no idea what the Dreamer was feeling or thinking about.

It was like a blank canvas.

Then, Nick left the Containment Unit and followed Albert to the console.

Albert pointed at a small monitor to the side of the console and slapped Nick's shoulders quite roughly. "You seein this?" he shouted with excitement.

Nick looked at the small monitor and saw the gauge of a tank.

This was the Zephyx tank of the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

The gauge had a maximum volume of 50, and right now, it was at a bit over five.

"You managed to get five grams of Zephyx on your first time! That's amazing!" Albert shouted with a laugh.

Nick just looked at the gauge with confusion since he didn't know how much five grams of Zephyx was, but Albert's enthusiasm also made him a bit excited.

"How much is five grams of Zephyx?" Nick asked.

"About 5,000 credits," Albert said with a smirk.

Nick's eyes widened.

How much?!

5,000 credits?!

"But the full-body Healing Bath only cost 4,800 credits," Nick said in a dumbfounded manner.

Nick hadn't had issues with coming up with the taxes each month, but he had never owned more than 500 credits at a time.

500 credits had essentially counted as his life savings.

And now, he had made 5,000 just by sleeping a bit?

If he just kept sleeping in there every single day, wouldn't he make over 100,000 credits per month?

"How much of that will I get?" Nick asked.

"Depends on Wyntor," Albert said. "You have to remember that these 5,000 credits represent an entire day of operations for your company. 5,000 credits are quite a bit, but it's not that much if you want to run a small company."

"For example, just keeping the lights on in the Containment Unit for that long cost you around 650 credits."

Nick's eyes widened. "650 credits for the lights? That's over 10%!"

Albert nodded. "That's why this Containment Unit is so cheap. Almost all other Containment Units use shafts of mirrors to get natural light in them. Over a long period of time, the more expensive Containment Units are more cost-effective."

"Of course, after paying for the lights, you also have to pay the rent of the warehouse."

"Wait, rent?" Nick asked in shock. "I thought this warehouse belonged to us!"

Albert just laughed. "Nick, do you have any idea how expensive such a big house is outside the Dregs? If you want to buy the warehouse, you probably need more than 300,000 credits."

Nick took a deep breath.

"Lighten up," Albert said. "Compared to the light, the rent shouldn't be that bad."

"Based on the location and size, I would guess that Wyntor pays somewhere between 2,000 and 3,000 credits per month."

'That's less than a hundred credits per day. It really isn't that bad,' Nick thought.

"Then, you have to pay Pator. After all, he's an employee. Based on his profile, he probably also earns about 2,000 to 3,000 credits per month."

'That's also a bit less than 100 credits per day.'

"After that, we need to consider expansion costs," Albert said. "When you run a company, you keep the company's assets and finances separate from your personal ones. And since you guys want to expand at some point, you will probably save about 50% of the profit."

"The remainder will probably be split between the two of you."

"All in all, I expect that you get around 1,000 credits per day of work for yourself," Albert explained.

Nick slowly nodded.

1,000 credits per day wasn't as much as 5,000 credits per day, but it was still an insane amount to Nick.

"A thousand credits per day," Nick repeated with a distracted voice.

Then, Nick remembered something. "What about the Dreamer? Can it actually produce Zephyx once a day?"

Albert snorted. "Nick, the Dreamer is a Specter that feeds on mentality. Compared to a Specter that feeds on something physical, it doesn't need to digest its food."

"On top of that, Specters don't need to sleep, breathe, or eat."

"The Dreamer can probably go forever."

Then, Albert pointed at Nick. "But you can't."

Nick furrowed his brows. "Why not? I just slept for eight hours, but I feel like I can continue sleeping. You shouldn't underestimate my ability to sleep. If I really want to, I can sleep a looooong time."

Albert slowly shook his head. "That's the issue. You just slept for eight hours, but you feel like you can immediately continue sleeping. That doesn't sound very rested to me."

"Are you tired right now? Do you feel like you've had a good night's sleep?"

Nick looked at the ground with a thoughtful expression.

His mind felt strained. It was almost like he had been awake for over 24 hours.

Even more, Nick still felt like it was the same day he had entered the sewers, which felt strange.

"It's strange," Nick said. "I feel like I haven't slept."

Albert nodded. "That's what I thought."

"Nick, sleeping is a natural process where the body cleans and organizes the mind while your body enters a resting state."

"The Dreamer is changing that process by giving you nightmares. So, instead of your mind reorganizing, it has to experience more things and store more memories. This means that your mind is not essentially sleeping."

Nick furrowed his brows with a frown. "So, I have to sleep again?" he asked as he scratched the back of his head.

Albert nodded. "Yep. You have to actually go to sleep. Working with the Dreamer is just that, work. It is not rest nor sleep."

Nick could only sigh and nod.

He could tell that Albert was right, and he accepted his explanation.

At that moment, the door of the warehouse suddenly opened, and Nick looked over.

The next moment, he saw Wyntor standing beside Pator.

"Oh yeah," Albert said, like he just remembered something. "I sent Pator to get Wyntor about an hour ago or something like that. I thought he would want to know how things went."

The distant Wyntor turned to Pator, nodded, and told him something.

Pator performed a short and polite bow and walked away from the warehouse.

The next moment, Wyntor walked into the warehouse, and the door ominously closed behind him.

Wyntor walked over and stopped in front of Albert and Nick.

"You're not wearing your uniform?" Wyntor asked Nick.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38 - 38 – Murder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick's eyes widened. "Right! I totally forgot!"

Then, Nick went over to the side of the warehouse. He had dumped his uniform in this place earlier. After all, it would be a bit awkward to enter the Dreamer's Containment Unit with a stack of clothing in his hands.

"I'll go put it on," Nick shouted as he ran behind the Containment Unit.

Wyntor just shook his head with a sigh.

"He's so different," Wyntor said.

"To whom?" Albert asked.

"The people in the Inner City," Wyntor answered.

Albert chuckled a bit. "Yes, but he's not that much different to how people in the Dregs are. Well, he's a bit more altruistic than the average person, but I've seen my fair share of interesting events while teaching him in the Dregs."

Wyntor didn't seem convinced as he continued looking at the Containment Unit.

"Are you sure? I thought, since resources are so scarce, the people in the Dregs are even more greedy and possessive than the people in the Inner City," Wyntor said.

Albert hummed a bit. "I wouldn't say so."

Wyntor raised an eyebrow as he looked at Albert.

"I think they are more open with their desires than the people of the Inner City. It has a much greater impact when a friendly and nice person suddenly turns out to be a greedy asshole than when an asshole suddenly turns into a greedy asshole."

Wyntor blinked a couple of times.

"Strange metaphor," he stated.

"I mean, I think about the same number of people are selfish assholes in the Inner City than in the Dregs, but the selfish assholes that do exist are much easier to see in the Dregs, making it seem like there are more."

"Makes sense," Wyntor answered.

"However, there are also a lot of people like Nick," Albert added.

"In what way?"

"People that are unhappy with the world but lack the power to change it," Albert said. "Someone that still manages to retain humanity and empathy in a place where having these things is a luxury."

"There is no lack of bad people in this world, but in severe poverty, even the good people are forced to do bad things."

"Naturally, people with a lot of empathy can still see when someone doesn't want to hurt someone else but is forced to in order to survive. That's a tragedy in and of itself."

"If things were different, these people wouldn't be forced into a dark path, and many victims would have never become victims."

"Nick has such a belief," Albert said. "I know for a fact that he has already killed at least one person on purpose, but I also know that it will be very difficult for him to hurt someone who tries to hurt him but doesn't actually want to hurt him, if you get what I mean."

Wyntor raised an eyebrow in surprise. "Nick has killed someone?" he asked.

Nick seemed like a very nice and idealistic teenager to him.

Wyntor couldn't connect this nice teenager to a murder.

Albert nodded. "Nick managed to survive on his own in the Dregs for six years, and he even managed to build quite an impressive and athletic body. If you want such a body, you can't afford to lose two liters of blood per month."

"80% of the people in the Dregs can't pay their taxes every month. Even more, Nick managed to make the gangs his enemies, which would make it even more difficult for him to earn money."

"And yet, he always managed to do it."

"Even more, you can't overlook his enmity with the gangs. The gangs are organized and powerful. Killing a single man is not difficult at all for them."

"But for some reason, they are not willing to kill Nick, even though they don't like him."

"That can only mean that it isn't worth the price in their eyes, which means that they are certain that they will lose people to him, which, in turn, means they are certain that he can and will kill them."

"If the local rulers of the Dregs are sure that Nick has killed someone, I am inclined to believe them."

Wyntor just looked at the Containment Unit with a concerned expression.

Silence.

Eventually, Wyntor just sighed. "Pator said that you have something important to report," he said, changing the subject.

Albert grinned and took out a green flask, which he moved from side to side for a bit.

Wyntor just looked at the flask, not understanding what Albert was trying to convey.

"You don't get it?" Albert asked.

Wyntor looked at the bottle for a couple more seconds.

"Sorry, no, I don't," Wyntor said.

Albert just chuckled a bit. "I used that on the Dreamer about eleven hours ago."

At that moment, Wyntor's eyes shot open in shock.

"I'm not paying for that!" he immediately said.

"I know, I know," Albert said.

Wyntor still looked warily at Albert.

"Why would you use a grade four healing potion on a level one Specter?" Wyntor asked.

"I didn't use the entire thing," Albert said as he rubbed the back of his head. "I only used a drop."

"Also, because I got bored, and I wanted to teach Nick by actually showing him what to do instead of just telling him."

Wyntor's eyebrows rose in positive surprise. "Oh? So, can we earn money with the Dreamer now?"

Albert just grinned and pointed at the gauge of the Zephyx tank.

Wyntor looked at the gauge, and when he saw it, his eyes widened.

"Five grams?!" he shouted.

"Yep, five whole grams," Albert said with a laugh.

Wyntor looked at the Containment Unit with wonder.

"And I basically had nothing to do with it," Albert said before pointing at the edge of the Containment Unit. "It was all him."

Wyntor followed Albert's finger and looked over, and the next moment, Nick walked around the corner of the Containment Unit.

When Wyntor saw, he was taken aback by Nick's appearance.

Meanwhile, Albert just smiled. "Now, he looks just like a real Extractor."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39 - 39 – Card
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick wore a red and black shirt with several pockets, and his pants were formfitting and black.

All in all, Nick looked quite sharp and competent.

It was quite difficult to connect the current Nick to a person from the Dregs.

He basically looked like all the other Zephyx Extractors, which was a good thing since almost all Zephyx Extractors exhibited this aura of authority, status, and power.

The only thing pulling down was his chaotic haircut.

"You look great!" Albert shouted with a thumbs-up.

Wyntor also nodded. "Please keep the uniform clean and wear it when you have to work. Every Zephyx Extractor only gets one set."

"How am I supposed to keep it clean?" Nick asked as he walked closer.

"You wash it," Albert said.

"With water?" Nick asked.

Meanwhile, Wyntor raised an eyebrow in confusion.

"Yes, with water," Albert said.

"But water is for drinking. Why would I waste a good barrel of water just to keep my clothing clean?" Nick asked like he had just heard the dumbest thing.

"Nick," Albert said with a deadpan voice. "You earned something like a thousand credits just now. A barrel of water doesn't even cost you five credits, and you can even wash your clothes several times with one."

"Albert," Wyntor said before Nick could answer. "Why wash it with water? I thought Extractor uniforms are made to be washed with Cleanser."

"The guy doesn't even want to waste water," Albert said, pointing at Nick with his thumb. "You want to try to convince him to use something a hundred times as expensive as water to wash his clothes?"

"Also, it doesn't really matter. When you get a cleansing shower in here, the problem will resolve itself anyway."

"Hm, I guess it makes sense," Wyntor said.

"What's a Cleanser and a cleansing shower?" Nick asked.

"The blue bath before you take the green bath," Wyntor answered. "That's filled with Cleanser. It's the blue liquid. A cleansing shower is a small room that pours Cleanser all over you. Every Manufacturer has a couple of those since some Specters can become stronger by coming into contact with matter from the outside."

"Since Cleanser isn't very expensive for Manufacturers due to their insane profits, they just force everyone that enters or exits a Containment Unit to take a cleansing shower beforehand as a precaution."

"We won't be any different since it's a negligible expense for an increase in security."

Nick nodded a couple of times. "Oh, okay. Sounds fancy."

"Anyway," Wyntor said as he walked closer to Nick with a smile. "I just saw the five grams of Zephyx you produced. That's a lot!"

Nick smiled brightly when he heard that. "Are we able to remain in operation indefinitely now?"

Wyntor furrowed his brows as he evaluated some things. "Kinda."

"Kinda?" Nick asked.

"Well, if we were to remain on this level, we could continue indefinitely, but that's not our goal, is it?"

Nick raised his eyebrows in unsure concern. "I guess not?"

"No, it isn't," Wyntor said with a firm tone. "The bare minimum we want to achieve is to earn 50 to 100 million credits so that I can buy a small part of Kugelblitz. If we were to operate in this manner indefinitely, that would take decades."

"We need more profit. We need to optimize Zephyx production with the Dreamer and expand our scope of operations."

"Catching Specters, containing Specters, employing people, paying rent, buying Containment Units, and so on all costs money, and one Dreamer just isn't enough to pay for all of this."

Nick raised an eyebrow in concern.

He understood that Wyntor wanted to become an heir to his family, but he also couldn't understand why someone would need that much money.

They were already earning a thousand credits per day.

Nick could literally do everything he wanted with that much money.

"Okay, we can do that," Nick said after a bit.

"Good," Wyntor answered with a smile. "Now, you've had a long day behind you, and I think you deserve a break."

"Naturally, I want to produce more money with the Dreamer, but I think it's important that you get a couple of days to yourself."

"Why don't you take the next three days off to recover?"

"Maybe go look around for some houses in the Outer City?"

"Maybe meet some friends?"

"Maybe go buy something?"

"In short, relax," Wyntor said, putting his hand on Nick's shoulder.

The next moment, Wyntor took out a small card and pushed it into Nick's hands.

Nick looked at the card and noticed that it looked very similar to the card that the guard had used to pay for Nick's bath.

"It's yours," Wyntor said.

Nick looked at the card with wonder.

"If you want to buy something, just hand it to the seller, but be careful which shops you frequent. Some of the sleazier shops might decide to exchange your card for a counterfeit."

Nick Just continued looking at the card. "How much is it worth?"

"10,000 credits. See it as a hiring bonus," Wyntor said.

Nick's eyes shot open.

10,000 credits!

What was he supposed to do with that much money?!

Nick reflexively tried to hand the card back to Wyntor, but Wyntor just shoved it back into Nick's hands.

"It's yours, Nick," Wyntor said. "You're my Chief Zephyx Extractor, and today, you made 5,000 credits for the company. Within two weeks, my and your personal wealth will increase by another 10,000 credits as long as you keep working diligently."

Nick looked with uncertainty at Wyntor and then looked at his card.

Yes, what Wyntor said made a lot of sense, but Nick still felt strange about just accepting 10,000 credits.

Logically, he knew that he would earn the company much more, but emotionally, he felt like he didn't deserve that much money.

"Well, it seems like everything's going well here," Albert said from behind them. "I think it's time for me to leave."

Wyntor turned to Albert and gave him a respectful handshake. "Thank you again for your help today."

"No problem," Albert said.

Then, Albert turned to Nick. "See you at some point, Nick."

Nick was taken out of his thoughts and looked at Albert. "Oh, yeah, thanks again, Albert! Without you, this wouldn't have been as easy."

"I know," Albert said with a smile. "See ya!"

Then, Albert walked out of the warehouse.

A couple minutes later, Nick also left the warehouse.

Wyntor had essentially thrown him out of the warehouse, telling him that he should relax for the next three days.

Nick just absentmindedly walked away from the warehouse.

He just kept looking at his card.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40 - 40 – Horua
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick just aimlessly walked back to the Dregs with a disoriented expression.

10,000 credits.

Three days of nothing to do.

Nick had achieved his dream.

He had become a Zephyx Extractor.

He was earning a lot of money.

He didn't need to fear for his life anymore. Well, outside of being in the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

And yet, there was a certain emptiness in Nick's chest.

It was almost like all of this wasn't real.

Literally just two days ago, Nick had been poor and had spent all of his life in the Dregs.

Now, Nick was wearing nice clothes, and he had even taken a fancy bath.

Even more, he was rich.

Eventually, Nick just stopped walking.

By now, he had already reached the Dregs again, and he had stopped in the middle of a random road.

Nick just looked around the area.

He saw a couple of people, but they all avoided him.

None of them dared to look at him, and the few that had to travel past him either waited for him to leave or passed him with a wide berth.

There was fear and nervousness in their faces.

Nick felt the distance between him and the people around him widen.

In a way, Nick felt like he had been thrown out of his home.

Just a couple days ago, no one had batted an eye when he had been walking through the Dregs.

But now, everyone was looking at him from a distance with fear.

'I guess this is what happens,' he thought with a sigh. 'I look like a Zephyx Extractor now, and all Zephyx Extractors get such looks.'

'What am I saying? I don't look like a Zephyx Extractor. I AM a Zephyx Extractor!'

'This is what I have always dreamed of!'

Nick looked around the area with newfound motivation, but the more he looked at the people, the more isolated he felt.

Eventually, Nick sighed again before continuing to walk.

After a couple of minutes, Nick reached his goal.

In front of Nick was a sizable house made of rusty metal, but compared to most houses, this one was quite a lot bigger.

It was almost a mansion.

It was Nick's current home.

Nick opened the door and walked inside.

The house smelled just like the Dregs outside, but Nick didn't mind.

He was used to the smell of rust, shit, piss, and toxic waste.

"Nick?" came the voice of a young boy from upstairs.

A boy, about eleven years old, walked down the steps, but as soon as he saw the person standing at the entrance of the house, the boy stopped in shock.

"S-sir? How can I help y-you?" the boy asked with a fearful voice.

"It's me, Horua," Nick said.

"N-Nick?" Horua, the boy, asked in shock.

Horua was the actual owner of the big house.

Horua was the only child of a quite rich man in the Dregs, which meant that he was earning about as much as the average person in the Outer City.

He had only needed to save enough money to move out of the Dregs, but before he could do so, he vanished.

After some weeks, the gangs started to covet the man's old house and closed in on it.

Naturally, Horua couldn't resist them.

But then, Nick intervened, and he defended Horua.

However, while Nick was a nice person, he was also a practical one.

To say that Nick only helped the little boy out of the goodness of his heart would be a lie.

Nick saw Horua's troubles as a good way to earn some money without having to commit horrible acts.

In exchange for a place to live and his tax money, Nick made sure that no one dared to take anything from the house or hurt Horua.

For the past months, Nick had been living here.

"Is that really you?" Horua asked.

Nick nodded. "Yep," he said as a smile appeared on his face. "I'm officially a Zephyx Extractor now! Cool, huh?"

Horua looked with shock at Nick as he slowly walked closer.

For several seconds, Horua just looked at the uniform like it was a valuable gem.

"Wow," Horua eventually let out. "That's amazing!"

But then, the little boy realized something. "Wait, so does that mean that you won't be living here anymore?"

Nick furrowed his brows.

He didn't answer.

Nick had often thought about moving out of the Dregs, but when it finally became a reality, it felt like it had happened way too soon and quickly.

"I guess so," Nick said after a while.

Horua became a bit worried, and he looked at the ground.

With Nick gone, the gangs would return, and he would lose his house.

Even more, maybe the gangs would even take revenge on Horua for all the troubles Nick had caused them due to him!

Horua was just an eleven-year-old boy, and he was very scared of the gangs.

Horua felt like he would soon die.

But he also knew that Nick actually had no obligation to help him.

"And will happen to me?" Horua asked. "What about dad's house?"

Nick sighed.

"I don't know about the house, but I can make sure that the gangs won't hurt you. I can probably also store your credits somewhere."

Horua's eyes widened in fear.

He knew how much everyone coveted his father's money, and after becoming a Zephyx Extractor, Nick was suddenly willing to store Horua's money?

Horua became suspicious, but he still trusted Nick. After all, Nick had been protecting him for months.

For the next couple of minutes, Nick and Horua talked about what to do.

In the end, Horua could only sigh and accept that he wasn't strong enough to protect his own money.

"If I remain on my own, I will lose my money with certainty. If I trust you, there's still a chance," Horua said.

Nick wasn't offended that Horua didn't fully trust him. After all, they were both living in the Dregs.

"If only there were a way for me to also become a Zephyx Extractor and get an ability that makes me powerful."

When Nick heard that, he got an idea, and he scratched his chin in thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41 - 41 – Quest for Food
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I might have a way to help you, but it won't be easy," Nick said with a thoughtful expression.

Horua opened his eyes widely in surprise. "You do?" he asked.

Nick nodded. "I mean, I'm the Chief Zephyx Extractor in a company, and we still need to optimize the Zephyx production of one of our Specters."

"Horua, would you be interested in becoming a Zephyx Extractor?" Nick asked.

Horua's eyes opened even more, but this time, with wonder.

"Me? A Zephyx Extractor?"

Nick nodded with a smile. "Why not?"

"But I just turned eleven," Horua said with a bit of nervousness.

Nick just laughed. "So? Why not start early? Even more, it's not even difficult to work with that Specter. You basically just have to fall asleep in its presence! Additionally, since your Zephyx Synchronizer hasn't been attuned yet, you should also get a nice ability from it."

"As long as you don't die, nothing bad can happen."

Horua looked at Nick like he couldn't believe what he had just heard. "Are you sure? Can I really become a Zephyx Extractor?"

"Of course," Nick said with a chuckle. "You will gain an ability, a stable job, and lots of money. You might not earn as much as me, but you will still earn more than everyone in the Dregs."

Horua started to jump up and down in excitement. "Thank you! Thank you so much! You're the best, Nick!"

Nick just laughed some more. He always enjoyed it when Horua was excited.

Due to Horua's bad situation, he was rarely happy.

Whenever Nick wasn't present, Horua was worried and stressed. He even had trouble sleeping due to all the pressure.

"Anyway, I apparently have three days of vacation for now, which means I can't take you there right now, but after my vacation is over, I'll take you to your future workplace."

"You're going to see a real Specter, Horua," Nick said with a laugh.

"Wow, a real Specter," Horua echoed in wonder.

The two of them talked some more, but a couple of minutes later, Nick left the house again.

Earlier, Nick had felt aimless. He hadn't known what he should do with his newfound freedom.

But now, that problem had been solved.

Nick could use his position to help one of his friends out.

'It feels good to do good deeds.'

'Now, since the problem with Horua has been solved, I should take a look at some houses in the Outer City!' Nick thought with excitement.

But before long, Nick stopped.

Grumble.

'You know, I'm actually quite hungry. I think I haven't eaten anything in like a day or so,' Nick thought.

'What do I want to eat today?'

'Rat?'

'Fly?'

'Some veggie cubes from the market? I can now buy a lot of them with my money!'

'I could also go with rust mushroom, but I don't really want to. It tastes a bit too acidic for me.'

'Although, the house does have a ripe colony of rust mushrooms, and if I don't eat it soon, it will turn toxic and start releasing toxic spores.'

Nick scratched the back of his neck.

'I should just check out the market,' he thought with a shrug.

Nick changed direction and walked towards the market of the Dregs.

As soon as he arrived, most people turned to him.

Why was a Zephyx Extractor here?!

Nick tried his best to ignore the stares, but they still pulled his mood down a bit.

In the end, Nick entered one of the shops at the side of the market.

He had only gone into some of them due to a job, but he had never bought anything there.

The things in these shops were just too expensive.

The shop Nick had entered had many different pieces of food lying around.

There was rat, cat, dog, fly, and bird, and they even had several different kinds of veggie cubes!

The selection was amazing.

"H-How can I help you, sir?" the owner of the shop asked Nick as soon as he entered.

"Hey, I'm hungry. Do you have anything good to eat?" he asked.

The owner of the shop looked with confusion and suspicion at Nick. "Ye-yes, but I'm not sure if my wares have the quality your tongue desires, sir," he said with a bitter smile.

Nick just waved his hand to signal that it wasn't a big deal. "Just tell me what tastes good in here."

The owner of the shop became more nervous. "Well, I made a new cauldron of veggie cube soup. I'm not sure if sir is interested in veggie cubes, though. Sir is probably more familiar with real vegetables."

"Real vegetables?" Nick repeated with surprise. "Oh, right! I totally forgot that there are supposed to be real vegetables somewhere! Do you have any?"

The shop owner became more nervous.

This Zephyx Extractor was acting very strangely.

Was this some kind of scheme or technique to get some information out of the shop owner?

The Extractor's conduct made no sense.

Nevertheless, the shop owner had no chance but to go along with it.

"Sadly, no, sir," the shop owner said. "No one in the Dregs would buy them due to the price."

"Oh, okay," Nick said. "Then, give me some of that veggie cube soup."

"Of course, sir," the shop owner said as he quickly walked over to a cauldron.

The owner took the lid off, and Nick could smell the aroma.

It smelled absolutely amazing!

The next moment, the owner took out a bowl made of rusty metal and scooped some of the soup out of the cauldron.

"That will be ten credits, sir," the owner said nervously as he put the bowl down on the counter.

Ten credits were 10% of the monthly tax.

Only rich people in the Dregs could afford to eat something this luxurious.

The majority of the shop's customers probably came from the gangs.

Nick took out the card he had received from Wyntor and placed it on the counter.

When the shop owner saw the card, he smiled bitterly.

"Sir, we can't trade with bank cards in the Dregs."

"I'm not allowed to collect the outstanding balance from the banks since I am living in the Dregs."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42 - 42 – Sightseeing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick exited the shop with a bowl of veggie cube soup in his hands.

When Nick had canceled the order after realizing that he couldn't pay, the owner said that the bowl was on the house.

As a practical person, Nick saw no problem with that and simply accepted happily.

Nick also told the owner that he could ask Nick for help if there was anything he needed.

After leaving the marketplace quite quickly, Nick looked at the bowl of veggie cube soup in his hands with wonder.

In the Dregs, the people mostly ate meat.

Rat, cat, dog, insects, and so on.

However, it was also necessary to eat some veggie cubes every now and then.

Veggie cubes were green cubes made of different vegetables, which could no longer be sold in the Outer City.

When vegetables started to go bad, the shops sold them to one of the gangs, which then collected them all, threw them into some kind of furnace, and cooked them until there was zero water left in them.

One cube weighed about a hundred grams and cost a credit.

It was expensive!

Because of that, the people in the Dregs only ate them once a week or so.

If they didn't, they would start to show various signs of malnourishment.

The bowl of veggie cube soup was beige in color, and there was some kind of oily layer on top, which seemed to have separated from the soup.

The cubes had turned into slimy and mushy bits that swam in the beige broth.

Nick could also see a couple of mosquito larvae swimming in the broth.

These were not the larvae of normal mosquitos but the larvae of the mosquitos that belonged to the Specter, the Mosquito.

The mosquitos of the Specter continually reproduced, and apparently, the Specter didn't mind if anyone ate the larvae.

In fact, they mostly could be found in the Dregs, and they were very healthy.

But they were also expensive.

The larvae from these mosquitos were much bigger than the ones from normal mosquitos.

Each one was around five centimeters long!

When Nick saw the soup, he knew that he was holding something of extremely high class in his hands.

'No wonder this thing is so expensive!' Nick thought with wonder.

'It has four or five larvae and probably over 300 grams of veggie cubes!'

'That's enough food for two to three days!'

Nick slowly pushed the bowl to his mouth and drank the warm broth.

The fat had separated from the water, and the larvae had a bitter and metallic taste to them.

The distant taste of vegetables could also be slightly discerned.

Nick closed his eyes in bliss.

It was amazing.

He had never eaten anything this good in his entire life.

'Also, what is this strong taste? I can't put my finger on it?'

'Wait, is that rust lick?!'

In Nick's mind appeared the image of a big rock standing near the edge of the city.

That rock was made from a magical mineral that could treat some special conditions that caused dizziness, nausea, and vomiting.

The people just needed to lick the rock for a bit, and they would feel better.

Nick had heard some people refer to it as salt, but it was commonly known as rust lick since people licked it off a dirty stone.

'Putting rust lick into a soup. That's genius!' Nick thought.

'It tastes so amazing!'

Over the next hour, Nick slowly consumed the broth, and after he was done, he felt so incredibly good.

Nick felt like his body was telling him how happy it was.

'This is the life,' Nick thought in satisfaction. 'If I could eat this soup every day, I could die happy.'

A moment later, Nick yawned.

'Man, now I'm getting tired. Guess I should go back home and get some sleep.'

Nick stretched and turned to walk home.

After he arrived, Nick entered his room and fell onto his comfy plate of rust-free metal.

His entire body relaxed as he felt the comfortable embrace of sleep take him.

Several hours later, Nick woke up again, and this time, he felt awake and refreshed.

He slept amazingly!

After he woke up, he slowly scratched the back of his head in relaxation.

'Man, I feel great,' he thought with a yawn.

'So, what do I do today?'

After some time of thinking, Nick decided to look at the Outer City.

For the entire day, Nick went sightseeing in the Outer City, and he learned many things.

For example, he had learned how many different kinds of shops there were.

There were actually shops that sold expensive stones that had no other purpose but to look nice!

It was insanity!

Why would anyone pay money to carry a stone with them?

Nick had also learned that there were places where he could sleep without making them his home.

These places were called hotels.

Hotels didn't exist in the Dregs since there were more houses than people, but the same thing wasn't true for the Outer City.

After finding out about the hotels, Nick decided to rent a room for a couple of days and got Horua to come with him.

Nick didn't want to spend all his time alone, and he also wanted to have someone with him that he was familiar with.

Nick even visited several restaurants, but he didn't eat at any of them.

The prices were ridiculous for only a little bit of food!

Ten credits for 150 grams of meat?!

He could get that for free by just stomping on a couple of bugs!

The soup he had eaten the day before had weighed nearly a kilo, including the broth, and the ingredients had weighed over 400 grams!

Eventually, Nick got some physical credits from a bank, and he ate more of the veggie cube soup with Horua.

The day after that, Nick and Horua looked around the Outer City some more.

And finally, it was time to return to work!

It was time for Horua to work with the Dreamer!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43 - 43 – I Want
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"It's great, isn't it?" Nick asked.

Horua just stood in front of the huge warehouse, his eyes filled with wonder.

A Zephyx Manufacturer!

He was in front of a Zephyx Manufacturer, and he was about to become an employee of one!

"Let's go in," Nick said with an encouraging smile.

Right now, it was early in the morning. Nick had decided to come during the afternoon because of Horua's sleep schedule.

It was better for Horua to sleep during the night, which was why they had arrived this early.

Working with the Dreamer might seem like rest, but it isn't actually rest.

Because of that, Nick wanted to get one session of work in before they went home to sleep.

The two of them entered the warehouse, and Horua looked at the huge wall of metal in front of him.

"Is that where it is?" he asked.

Nick nodded. "Yep. Sadly, I can't tell you any specifics without Wyntor."

Horua just nodded, showing that he understood.

A moment later, Horua noticed a tall man with light-brown hair sitting in front of a desk. Right now, there were many different sheets of paper on the desk, and the man was looking at them with furrowed brows.

"You're a bit early," Wyntor said with a smile, not looking up from the sheets of paper.

"Yep," Nick answered with a chuckle. "Also, I brought someone that I want to make into one of my Zephyx Extractors."

"Oh?" Wyntor said as he looked up from his papers.

Yet, when he saw the small boy, he furrowed his brows. "Are you talking about him?"

"Yep!" Nick said with a nod.

Nick pushed Horua forward a little bit, and Horua looked at Wyntor with respect and fear.

"Hello, sir, I want to become a Zephyx Extractor," Horua said, managing not to stutter.

Wyntor looked with an unsatisfied gaze at Horua.

"How old are you?"

"Eleven, sir," Horua said politely.

"Do you have any family?"

Horua was a bit surprised by the question, and even Nick raised an eyebrow in confusion.

"N-no, sir," Horua answered.

"I assume you are from the Dregs?" Wyntor asked.

Horua nodded. "Yes, sir."

"Are you a member of any organization or gang?"

"No, sir," Horua said.

"What's this all about?" Nick asked. "Why are you asking all of these questions."

"These questions have a purpose, Nick," Wyntor said without looking at him.

"Would anyone come searching for me if you died in here?" Wyntor asked.

This question made Horua quite nervous, and even Nick furrowed his brows.

However, Nick remained quiet.

"No, sir," Horua said with a bit of fear and sadness.

Wyntor continued looking at Horua with an unhappy expression.

"Nick, I need to speak with you privately," Wyntor said before standing up and walking behind the Containment Unit.

Nick looked suspicious and unhappy, but he just followed.

Horua was left alone in front of the Containment Unit.

"Nick, do you actually know what you're doing?" Wyntor asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Please elaborate," Nick said.

"He's a kid, Nick," Wyntor explained. "Just because you managed to withstand the Dreamer doesn't mean that everyone can. There are many cases of Extractors dying while working with a Specter that feeds on mentality when they actually shouldn't have."

"Too much stress can stop your heart or shut your brain down."

"I asked all these questions earlier because I wanted to make sure that no one would be searching for us in case the Dreamer killed him."

Nick furrowed his brows. "So, we can't employ him?" he asked.

"Technically, that's not my decision," Wyntor said.

"Not your decision?" Nick asked with a raised brow.

"I am the president and CEO. I don't deal with personnel issues unless they are directly related to me," Wyntor said. "You are the Chief Zephyx Extractor. It is your duty to build a team of capable Zephyx Extractors and assign the Specters to them."

"If you want to employ this boy, you are free to do so."

"However, if something happens, that's on you."

"If the Dreamer accidentally kills him, it is your fault, and you have to take responsibility and deal with the aftermath."

When Nick heard that, he felt his chest tighten.

Just now, the image of a dead Horua shot through his mind.

"I need to talk to him again," Nick said.

"Alright," Wyntor answered neutrally. "If you decide to employ him, tell me, and I will give you our standard contract."

"Does he know anything about the Dreamer or how we obtained it?"

Nick shook his head. "No."

For some reason, Wyntor's eyes seemed to show some relief.

"Good."

The next moment, the two of them walked to the front of the Containment Unit again.

Wyntor went back to his desk while Nick went over to Horua.

Horua looked with anxiety at Nick.

"Listen, Horua," Nick said. "I want you to know that becoming a Zephyx Extractor is not without its dangers."

"If you decide to become a Zephyx Extractor, you might undergo a short period of horrifying pain."

"The pain might become so bad that you could die."

Horua took a deep breath when he heard that.

"Your survival is not guaranteed, Horua," Nick said with a serious expression. "But if you manage to survive, you will become a Zephyx Extractor here."

"But you might also die."

"Are you sure you want to become a Zephyx Extractor here? It is not too late to turn around," Nick said solemnly.

Horua seemed quite worried as he looked at the ground.

Naturally, he was very scared.

"I will do it!" Horua said as he looked into Nick's eyes with desperation.

"There's nothing left for me in the Dregs."

"My parents are dead!"

"I've never had siblings!"

"I don't have a family!"

"I don't have friends except for you!"

"It's now or never!"

"Nick, I want to make something of my life!"

Nick kept looking at Horua with a serious expression.

"Are you sure?" he asked again.

"I am sure!" Horua answered. "I am strong, and I have a lot of willpower! I can deal with pain!"

Some seconds passed.

And then, Nick nodded.

"Wyntor, give me the contract."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44 - 44 – Horua and the Dreamer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wyntor looked at Horua, sighed, and handed Nick two sheets of paper.

One of them was an NDA, which made sure that Horua wouldn't tell anyone about the company's secrets, and the other one was the employee contract.

Nick took the NDA and started to read it to Horua.

"Nick, you don't have to read it to me. I can read myself," Horua said.

Nick's eyes widened in surprise. "You can read?" he asked in shock.

Horua nodded. "Father taught me when I was young."

"Well, okay," Nick said as he handed the NDA over.

Horua read through everything in just a couple of minutes and nodded.

A moment later, he signed it.

"You have no questions?" Nick asked in surprise.

"I just can't tell anyone about anything specific, right?" Horua asked.

"Eh, yeah, sure. That's about it," Nick said.

Horua nodded and grabbed the actual contract.

After reading through it, Horua became shocked.

"I get to keep 10% of what I produce?!" he asked. "Isn't that a lot of money?"

Nick also looked at the contract since it was different from his own.

Sure enough, Horua got to keep 10% of what he produced.

This meant that he would get 500 credits per session with the Dreamer.

Nick asked Wyntor about the specific split of revenue.

"As the CEO and president, I get 20%," Wyntor said.

"10% go to you."

"10% go to the specific Extractor that produced everything."

"60% go to the company as funds."

Initially, Nick was a bit confused.

If Horua got 10% and Nick got 10%, then wouldn't Nick earn just as much as Horua?

Wasn't he the Chief Zephyx Extractor?

But then, Nick realized that he would get the money without actually doing anything.

And if he himself worked with the Dreamer, he would get just as much as Wyntor.

'So, if I get more Extractors, I get even more money. It's like other people are doing my work!'

However, Nick also wasn't super comfortable with that.

'I am essentially taking money from someone without doing anything. Isn't that like stealing? I mean, I didn't do anything.'

Nick looked at the Containment Unit.

'Although, I came up with the way to work with the Dreamer, and I was also the one that negotiated with it.'

'So, I guess, in a way, I actually did do something?' Nick thought with uncertainty.

'I dunno. I mean, okay, but it still feels a bit weird,' he thought as he scratched the back of his head awkwardly.

Eventually, Nick stopped thinking about all of the moral ramifications and just watched Horua sign the employee contract.

"Good," Nick said with a bright smile as he handed the signed contract to Wyntor, who wordlessly put it into a briefcase beside his chair.

"You're now officially one of my employees!" Nick said with a bright smile.

"Happy to meet you, boss!" Horua shouted with a bright voice as he performed a cute salute.

Nick put his hand on Horua's head and ruffled his hair a bit.

"Alright, then, let me tell you about what we do here and what your job will be."

Horua nodded and listened with excitement.

Over the next minutes, Nick told Horua everything he knew about the Dreamer.

"So, I just have to sleep beside it?" Horua asked in surprise.

Horua had thought that his work would be much more difficult than just sleeping.

"Yep," Nick said with a smirk. "The Dreamer will even help you fall asleep!"

"Although, you still have to be careful! After all, it is a Specter."

Horua blinked. "Nick, what am I supposed to do if it decides to attack me?"

Nick didn't answer for a while.

Right, what was Horua supposed to do?

Even Nick could die if the Dreamer decided to attack.

What could the little Horua do?

"Eh, it probably won't happen," Nick said with a nervous chuckle. "It knows exactly that it can't just kill you. It wouldn't be in its best interest."

Horua looked worried again.

"Anyway, I think I should introduce you," Nick said as he walked towards the Containment Unit.

"To whom?" Horua asked.

"Whom?" Nick asked. "You mean who, right?"

"No, it's whom," Horua answered. "To whom will you introduce me to."

"What, why? What even is whom?" Nick asked.

"I don't know, but my father always corrected me," Horua said. "Anyway, to whom?"

"The Dreamer," Nick said.

"Wait, what?! Now?!" Horua asked nervously.

Nick nodded. "Yep."

Horua looked around nervously, but he eventually followed Nick. "Well, you're the boss."

Nick nodded and opened the employee door to the Containment Unit.

A couple seconds later, Nick and Horua entered the Containment Unit.

Horua was standing a bit behind Nick, but as he looked past Nick's torso, he could see the Dreamer.

The black owl was standing in the corner of the room, looking into Nick's eyes.

Nick had narrowed his eyes and was looking back at the Dreamer.

A bit later, the Dreamer turned its head and looked at Horua.

When Horua saw the Dreamer look at him, a cold shudder of terror shook his body.

These eyes!

For some reason, Horua felt like he was about to die!

This thing was dangerous!

He had to leave!

He had to run!

Nick noticed Horua's reaction and grabbed his arm before he could run away.

Horua just kept looking at the Dreamer as his body leaned back, ready to run away as soon as he could.

The Dreamer didn't show any reaction.

"Horua!" Nick shouted aggressively.

Horua's body shook, and his terrified eyes looked at Nick.

"You are now a Zephyx Extractor! You have to be brave and meet the danger head-on!"

Horua took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

However, when he looked at the Dreamer again, his fear exploded once more, and he tried to pull himself out of Nick's grip.

"Horua, what's going on with- Argh!"

Nick's question was interrupted by Horua biting Nick's hand.

Naturally, Nick let go of Horua, and Horua ran out of the Containment Unit in terror.

Nick furrowed his brows and looked at his slightly bleeding hand.

'What the hell is wrong with him?' Nick thought.

Nick looked at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer looked back.

"I'll be back soon."

Then, Nick walked out of the Containment Unit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45 - 45 – Liability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick left the Containment Unit and saw Horua trying to open the door of the warehouse.

"Horua!" Nick shouted with anger as he ran over.

When Horua heard Nick's angry voice, his entire body shuddered before freezing.

Nick quickly arrived behind Horua and forcefully turned him around to face him.

Horua looked into Nick's eyes with terror.

"What's wrong with you?!" Nick shouted.

"I-I-I," Horua stuttered. "N-No. No! I can't!"

"Horua!" Nick shouted again. "Get a grip! It's just the Dreamer! It didn't even do anything! It just looked at you!"

The Dreamer's dead eyes shot through Horua's mind again, and his body shuddered.

"Horua!" Nick shouted again.

Horua was forcefully pulled out of his terror by Nick's shout. "Nick, I changed my mind! I don't want to be a Zephyx Extractor anymore! I want to go home!"

Nick looked with shock at Horua. "What? Why? You said you were willing to face the danger head-on! You said you have willpower and want a chance to make something of your life."

Horua just shook his head wildly. "No, I can't! I will die! I can feel it! I will die!"

"I don't want to see this monster again!"

"It will kill me, Nick!"

"I can feel it!"

"It will kill me!"

"Horua!" Nick shouted again as he shook Horua's little body a little. "Calm down! You have to calm down!"

Surprisingly, shouting at Horua to calm down actually seemed to work, and Horua took a couple of deep breaths.

"Nick, I can't go back in there! I will die! I know it! I feel it!" Horua pleaded.

Nick looked with furrowed brows at Horua.

"Come on, Horua," Nick said with a calmer voice. "It's just a big owl. You will go to sleep, have a little nightmare, and you will wake up rich."

"Even more, you also get an ability since your Zephyx Synchronizer will get attuned to the Dreamer," Nick explained.

"Just one little session with the Dreamer would forever change your life for the positive! Don't throw this opportunity away!"

Horua didn't immediately answer, and he just looked at the ground in front of him.

Silence.

As the seconds passed, Horua's breathing quickened, and his body began to shudder again.

"No!" Horua said with conviction as he looked into Nick's eyes. "I'm not going back in there!"

Nick looked at Horua with a concerned expression. "Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure!" Horua shouted.

The next moment, Horua looked back at the ground.

"Can't we just go back home, Nick?"

Nick took a deep breath.

"I have to talk to Wyntor," Nick said.

"Thank you," Horua said quietly as he only looked at the ground in fear and shame.

Even though Horua felt fearful, he also felt like he had disappointed Nick.

Horua wanted to face the Dreamer, but whenever he thought of the Dreamer's eyes, his body and soul refused to interact with it in any way.

Nick walked over to Wyntor and sighed. "Sorry, but Horua resigns."

Wyntor put the sheets of paper down and looked at Nick with a serious expression.

"The kid is a liability," Wyntor said.

Nick sighed. "I know. Sorry for wasting your time. I've always seen how brave he was, and I thought that he could work with the Dreamer. After all, the Dreamer is basically just a big owl."

Wyntor wordlessly looked into Nick's eyes with an emotionless expression.

"I thought he could handle it," Nick added. "But in the end, he is just a child."

Nick sighed. "I should have known."

"This is my fault."

"Sorry."

Wyntor kept looking at Nick.

A couple of seconds of silence passed, and Nick became a bit uncomfortable under Wyntor's emotionless gaze.

"I think you didn't understand what I meant, Nick," Wyntor said.

Nick looked with a bit of confusion and worry at Wyntor.

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"Nick, why do you think I asked the boy about his family, friends, and social circle?" Wyntor asked.

Nick's heart rate increased, but he didn't say anything.

"Because of you," Wyntor explained. "If things went sour, I want the consequences to be as little and unimportant as possible."

"I have no issues with letting an experienced Extractor resign. They have experience and are an adult. They know what it means to break an NDA."

"But he's just a kid. You saw what happened when he saw the Dreamer."

"Kids don't know what they feel or think most of the time. They don't have enough experience to evaluate themselves objectively."

"You saw how motivated and excited he was when he told you that he would change his life and work with the Dreamer, but as soon as he met him, he ran away in fear."

"The same might happen with the NDA."

"Of course, the punishment for breaking the NDA is death, but the boy isn't an adult yet. He might believe that he will get away with it as long as he makes the other person promise that they won't tell anyone else."

"At that point, the damage is already done."

Nick's chest tightened in anxiety, but he did his best to seem calm.

"So, what's your plan?" Nick asked. "How can we solve this issue?"

Wyntor wordlessly looked into Nick's eyes again for a while.

Nick's heart rate increased even more.

"How about making him sign another contract?" Nick asked. "One that makes it even more difficult to break the NDA."

"What about sending Pator to keep an eye on Horua? I will even pay for it with my own money!"

"What if I just continue living with him until he becomes ready to face the Dreamer for real?"

Wyntor didn't answer.

He just kept looking at Nick emotionlessly.

"Nick, the boy is a liability."

"His continued existence is a danger to the company."

"There are only two ways this will go."

"One, he does not leave this warehouse and becomes an official Zephyx Extractor by working with the Dreamer."

"Two, I will make Pator escort him home, and on the way home…"

"The boy will accidentally fall through the grates in the Dregs."

"But he will be dead before he hits the water."

"I will not put my company in the hands of an eleven-year-old child's ability to keep a secret."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46 - 46 – Responsibility
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick's mind nearly stopped.

Horua would get killed?!

What?!

"Tell me you're joking," Nick said evenly.

"I'm not joking," Wyntor said.

"Are you insane?!" Nick shouted.

In the distance, Horua heard Nick and became anxious again.

"No, I'm not insane," Wyntor said calmly but forcefully. "I am doing the best thing for the company."

"It is my job to make this company flourish and profitable."

"In fact, dealing with these things isn't even directly my job."

"It's yours."

"The fact that I am willing to send Pator to deal with the issue is a favor to you."

"It's me being lenient because you don't know how Zephyx Manufacturers and the world of business work."

Nick gritted his teeth. "You're willing to just fucking kill a kid?!"

"Now, he's a kid?" Wyntor asked with annoyance. "Earlier, you hired him like he was a proper adult."

"You treated him like an adult. So, he has to take responsibility for his actions like an adult."

"He fulfills his contract or bears the consequences," Wyntor said.

"He's fucking eleven, Wyntor!" Nick almost shouted. "You are willing to kill an eleven-year-old kid for your business?!"

"Our business, Nick," Wyntor said. "Also, you are not much better. You were willing to make a kid work with a Specter, the natural enemy of humanity and the most dangerous existence in the world."

"I warned you!" Wyntor shouted slightly. "I told you that this is your responsibility! But as soon as anything goes wrong, you don't have the maturity to deal with it!"

"I'm the one that has to deal with this issue now!"

"Because you were unable to do your job properly, I now have to give the order to kill a kid!"

"Do you think this is easy for me?!"

"Do you think I'm some kind of cold machine that can't feel anything?!"

"I don't want to fucking kill the kid as well, but I fucking have to!"

"If I don't, everything I have sacrificed for this business will be for nothing!"

"Even more, how do you think Pator will feel?!"

"Pator has been trained to deal with these things, but he has never killed a mere kid before!"

"This will also mess him up for a long time!"

"Because you can't deal with your own mistakes, two other people have to suffer!"

"Your stupidity, indecisiveness, and mental weakness are why Pator and I have to go through shit now!"

"Even more, if you had simply decided against hiring him after I warned you, he also wouldn't need to die!" Wyntor shouted.

"Then why didn't you stop me?!" Nick shouted back.

"Because it's your responsibility!" Wyntor said with an aggressive tone.

"You are my Chief Zephyx Extractor! You are a leader! You are a manager!"

"This is the difference between a Zephyx Extractor and a Chief Zephyx Extractor!"

"Responsibility!"

"If an Extractor dies, it's your fault!"

"Your processes were not good enough, or you chose the wrong person, or you have forced someone to work at the wrong time!"

"If something happens to an Extractor or a Specter, you are always, at least, partially responsible!"

"You make the decisions!"

"You have all the freedom!"

"But if something goes wrong, it's on you!"

Nick gritted his teeth.

He acknowledged that what Wyntor said made sense and that he was right…

But Horua was just a child!

No matter how responsible Nick felt, it simply felt wrong to kill a child!

Nick clenched his fists with all of his power, the pain making it a bit easier to think.

"Deal with the issue," Wyntor commanded as he sat down again.

"If you need Pator to take action, tell me."

"I gave you this position because I felt like I could trust you and because I felt like you have the talent and mentality for it."

"Don't betray my trust in you," Wyntor said.

Nick didn't answer and just gnashed his teeth as he gazed fixedly at the desk.

At this moment, Nick was overwhelmed by a tsunami of rage, frustration, guilt, fear, uncertainty, and helplessness.

'I was the one that hired him,' Nick thought with pain.

'I was the one that made the decision.'

'However…' Nick thought as he looked at Wyntor again.

"Wyntor," Nick slowly said.

Wyntor didn't answer.

"Yes, it is my responsibility," Nick said. "However, why didn't you tell me what would happen if Horua decided to resign?"

"I know you didn't need to, but I feel like this could have been avoided if you had just told me."

Wyntor didn't answer for several seconds.

"I needed you to learn," Wyntor said.

"I had to show you what kind of power you have, and I needed to show you what would happen if you used it irresponsibly."

"Right now, the company is still new, and our survival is not yet intrinsically connected to the success."

"If anything goes wrong now, I can still rectify it."

After that, Wyntor turned silent.

Nick took a deep breath.

'In the end, it's my fault,' Nick thought.

'I should have known that Horua wasn't able to make such a big choice.'

'I should have never told him that he would become a Zephyx Extractor.'

Nick took another deep breath as he turned to look at the distant Horua.

The next moment, Nick gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes.

'And it is my responsibility to deal with the issue.'

'I'm so sorry, Horua!'

Nick walked over to Horua.

When Horua saw Nick's expression, he became terrified and froze.

Nick grabbed Horua's arm and pulled him towards the Containment Unit.

Horua's face immediately turned white, and his body began to shake.

"No!"

"No, Nick!"

"What are you doing!"

Nick gritted his teeth more.

"I'm sorry, Horua, but you have to work with the Dreamer!" Nick said with a dark tone.

"No! No! Nick, I don't want to! Please!" Horua screamed as he tried his best to free himself from Nick's grip.

"I'm sorry," Nick repeated. "I also don't want to do this."

"But I'm only doing this for your own good!"

"You can hate me if you want, but right now, I need you to work with the Dreamer!"

"No! Please! No!" Horua shouted as he started to bite Nick's hand.

Nick began to bleed, but he just kept pulling Horua.

Nick opened the door to the Dreamer.

And when it opened fully, Nick pushed Horua in before walking in himself.

The next second, the door closed behind him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47 - 47 – Bad Guy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"No! Nick! I'm sorry! Please, let me go!" Horua shouted in panic as he tried to get past Nick.

Nick just shoved Horua forward, making him fall on his ass.

"This is for your own good, Horua," Nick said with a serious tone. "You have to work with the Dreamer! You have to!"

Horua could feel the dead eyes of the Dreamer on his back, causing his mind to spiral further into panic.

"I can't! No!" Horua shouted as he tried to leave again.

Nick gritted his teeth and pushed Horua away again.

"I don't want to do this either, but you have to!" Nick said.

"Why?! Why do I have to?!" Horua asked in a mix of betrayal, rage, and terror. "What did I ever do to you?! I thought we were friends!"

Nick didn't immediately answer.

'I can't tell Horua that Wyntor would have killed him if he left. If he knows, he will become enraged and do something stupid! He might try to cause Wyntor as much damage as possible, which would be spreading all secrets that Horua knows.'

'I can't let him do that!'

'Not because it will hurt Wyntor but because it will mean that Horua will die.'

'Horua is a kid, and it's my fault that I didn't see that sooner!'

'If he gets too angry, all of this suffering will be for nothing, and he will die anyway!'

'I can't allow Horua to die!'

'And for that, I have to be the bad guy.'

'It's my responsibility anyway. It's only right that I also pay the price.'

"This is for your future, Horua!" Nick shouted. "You do not know how lucky you have been in the Dregs until now!"

"If you don't take the plunge now, you will forever remain in the Dregs!"

"You're lying!" Horua shouted back. "You were willing to let me go, but then, you talked to that other guy!"

"And now, you're suddenly forcing me to do this!"

"It's him, isn't it?! He's the one that forces you to force me!"

Nick grew more anxious and gritted his teeth even more.

BANG!

Horua felt like the world was turning.

The next moment, he felt himself hitting the ground.

Horua's world spun, and it took a while for him to think clearly again.

That's when he saw it.

Blood.

Teeth.

Nick had backhanded Horua, breaking three of his teeth in the process.

Luckily, the three teeth were still baby teeth, which meant that the real teeth were still there.

Yet, Horua still felt an incredible amount of pain at this moment.

But stronger than the pain was the shock.

Nick had hit him.

Nick had never hit him before.

Even more, this wasn't just an innocent slap.

No, this was a strong backhand that caused Horua to bleed.

"You will thank me later," Nick coldly said.

Yet, contrary to how Nick appeared on the outside, he actually felt absolutely disgusted with what he was saying and portraying.

'Thank me later? As if!' Nick thought with gritted teeth. 'If I were him, I would hate me for the rest of my life!'

'I'm not his family, and I've only been his friend for a couple of months.'

'I have no right to force him to do any of this.'

Nick took a deep breath, but he made it seem like he was breathing in deeply out of frustration and anger.

'I'm so sorry, Horua.'

Nick slowly walked forward.

BANG!

And Nick kicked Horua towards the middle of the Containment Unit.

'I'm sorry.'

Horua rolled into the middle of the Containment Unit as he looked with pure shock at Nick.

It was like Nick had transformed into someone he had never seen before.

'Is this who he really is?' Horua thought in fear, shock, and betrayal.

'Was everything else just an act?'

'Did he just want me to sign the contract so that he can force me to do things?'

'Is this who you really are?'

Yet, Horua didn't say anything.

Silence.

"Go work with the Dreamer," Nick said coldly. "I will stay here until you're done."

At that moment, Horua remembered that he was in the Containment Unit of the Dreamer and slowly turned around.

Just two meters behind Horua was the Dreamer.

It hadn't moved until now, and it was still looking at Horua with its dead eyes.

Horua's mind froze.

His heart rate shot past 200 beats per minute, and his world began to swim.

Horua started to breathe very rapidly, which only increased his dizziness.

And then, he fell over.

Horua had lost consciousness due to his overwhelming shock and fear.

When the Dreamer saw that, it slowly turned to look at Nick.

"He will be working with us from now on," Nick said slowly.

"You are allowed to feed off him for the next eight hours, and if he survives, he will continue to work with you."

"If he doesn't, I will be the only one working with you from now on."

"If everything goes well, I will also search for a third person to work with you."

"Don't do anything stupid," Nick said coldly.

The Dreamer slowly turned to look at Horua again.

Then, it slowly walked towards Horua's head.

And it stopped.

The Dreamer simply stood beside Horua's head and looked fixedly at his closed eyes.

A moment later, Horua's eyelids twitched, but at that moment, Nick noticed that the Prephyx in the Containment Unit increased.

Nick only hoped that this increase didn't mean that the Dreamer wanted to attack.

Luckily, the increase of the Prephyx didn't sound the alarm, and Horua's eyelids calmed down two seconds later.

Horua's breathing changed, and his body involuntarily moved into a more comfortable position.

He was asleep.

When Nick saw that, he sighed and sat down in front of the door.

For a while, Nick just took some shaky breaths, and he slowly put his head in his hands.

The Dreamer started to feed.

The Zephyx container was being filled.

Yet, Nick wasn't happy.

Not even one bit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 - 48 – Contemplation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In the Containment Unit, Nick simply sat on the ground, unmoving.

He didn't say anything.

'I'm so sorry, Horua.'

Nick didn't move.

'I'm sorry!'

'I should have known that things wouldn't be so easy!'

'Even though the Dreamer is not very scary for a Specter, it is still a Specter!'

'And you're a kid!'

'How could I ever think that a child would be able to work with a Specter?!'

'I'm stupid!'

'I'm fucking retarded!'

'I'm so sorry!'

'I was the one that fucked up, and now you have to pay the price!'

'This is all my fault, Horua!'

Nick's limbs shook in frustration, guilt, and rage.

'I feel so horrible.'

'Please, Horua, when you wake up, don't do anything stupid.'

'You can hate me.'

'You can ignore me.'

'You can try to ruin me.'

'I'm fine with everything.'

'But please, don't try to ruin the business or Wyntor.'

'Because if you do that, you will die!'

As Nick continued to think about everything, his own reality also finally set in.

'Actually, I think I'm in a similar position to Horua.'

'Wyntor made me his Chief Zephyx Extractor.'

'If I were to betray him, I would also be killed off.'

Nick's fists clenched.

'Wyntor is a cold and calculating businessman. He eliminates everyone that goes against him.'

'If I were to tell anyone anything confidential, I would be dead within the day.'

Slowly, rage and fear also joined Nick's emotions.

'Wyntor!'

'I know that this is my responsibility, but you knew that this would happen!'

'You might have even wanted this to happen!'

'After all, you said that you wanted me to learn!'

Nick gritted his teeth in anger.

But then, a scene appeared in Nick's mind.

The scene depicted Wyntor standing behind Nick as he blinded the Dreamer.

In that scene, Wyntor was completely drenched in sewer water.

Nick remembered how difficult it had been for Wyntor to jump in, and he also remembered how much Wyntor had suffered after he had left the sewer again.

'He only did that because he wanted to catch the Dreamer!' Nick thought with hatred.

Yet, the more time passed, the more Nick felt like he didn't truly believe that.

Did Wyntor truly only do this because of the Dreamer?

'Actually, probably not.'

'It wasn't certain that I would die.'

'There was a good chance that I would manage to swim towards the entrance of the sewers, where Wyntor was standing.'

'Then, Wyntor would have been able to help me without jumping into the sewers.'

There had been a good thirty meters between the place where Nick had been and the entrance of the sewers.

For Wyntor to swim that far, he must have jumped into the sewers nearly half a minute before he had arrived at Nick's side.

Nick put his hands on his knees and violently grabbed them in frustration.

'He's not cold,' Nick thought.

'He might appear cold now, but people only show their true faces when they are in a stressful or dangerous situation.'

'When it was important, Wyntor was willing to jump into the sewers to save me. It might have also been in his own best interest, but it still must have been very difficult.'

'Right now, he's only cold because he needs to be.'

'This is his job.'

'Like he said, deciding to kill Horua probably also heavily weighs on his mind.'

'And yet, he still talked normally with me, and he didn't say anything out of line.'

'I fucked up, and Wyntor has to suffer because of it.'

'But he only reprimanded me.'

'Horua suffers because of me.'

'Wyntor suffers because of me.'

'If things go badly, even Pator will suffer because of me.'

'I was the one that made the decision to get Horua.'

'Wyntor warned me, but I didn't listen.'

'This is all because of me.'

At this moment, most of Nick's emotions vanished, replaced by only two emotions.

Guilt and determination.

'This is my fault.'

'And it is my job to rectify these issues.'

'No matter what I have to do or what it will cost!'

Nick looked forward again.

The Dreamer was still standing beside the sleeping Horua.

At this moment, Horua looked like he was peacefully sleeping.

'It's not that bad, Horua. You will just have some bad dreams and wake up.'

'It won't be as bad as you imagined it to be.'

'And when you wake up, you will officially be a Zephyx Extractor.'

'You will have an actual future, and you will gain powerful abilities.'

'I know things will only improve for you.'

'Sadly, I won't be part of that future.'

'I know you hate me.'

Nick took a shaky breath.

'And I'm fine with it.'

'That's the price I must pay.'

'I don't deserve forgiveness for what I've done.'

Nick just continued looking at Horua.

The memories of what Nick had done to Horua became hazier and hazier.

It was almost like all of this hadn't happened.

It was like nothing had changed.

Yet, whenever Nick looked at Horua and the Dreamer, he was reminded of reality.

It had happened.

But it didn't feel like it had happened.

After a while, Nick put his head in his hands again.

Silence.

Nick didn't move.

Time passed.

Nick had plenty of time and opportunity to think about what he had done.

In this Containment Unit, there was nothing for Nick to do.

And he had to remain here for eight hours.

Paradoxically, it felt like the longest and the shortest eight hours of Nick's life.

On one hand, Nick felt like time was dragging on forever, but on the other hand, Nick despaired at the rapid passage of time.

He didn't want to see how Horua would react when he woke up.

It was torture.

However, it wouldn't be eight hours until things changed.

After just five hours, something happened.

Crk! Crk!

Nick heard something and looked over.

He saw the Dreamer take a couple of steps back as it retreated back into its corner.

For just a moment, Nick was confused.

But the next moment, Horua's body suddenly started to shake violently.

Nick's eyes widened.

'He's having a seizure!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 - 49 – Worry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick saw the seizure, he realized why the Dreamer had retreated.

The Dreamer was showing that it wasn't trying to kill Horua!

It was just that Horua wasn't strong enough to resist whatever the Dreamer was showing him.

When he had still been here, Albert had told Nick about some potential dangers.

Albert had said that working with the Dreamer could be dangerous, but it shouldn't be.

Since the Dreamer was only feeding on mentality, actual injuries were not a thing, and since everyone would forget the dreams they had, mental problems also shouldn't be a thing.

The only dangerous part was during the dreams.

If someone was pushed too far in a dream, their mind might actually shut down.

At that point, their bodily functions might stop working.

'But Albert said that it would be difficult to notice someone dying like that!' Nick thought. 'He said that they would die quietly!'

'Yet, Horua is definitely not dying quietly!'

'That means I still have a chance to save him!'

Nick shot to his feet and jumped to Horua's side.

The Dreamer just looked at Nick from its corner with its dead eyes.

Horua started to froth at the mouth, and his body was making sounds as it slapped against the ground.

"Horua!" Nick shouted as he lightly slapped his cheeks.

Nick had seen seizures in the Dregs, but he had no idea how to deal with them.

What was he supposed to do?!

Was he supposed to keep him steady so that he didn't injure himself?

Was he supposed to slap him awake?

"Horua, hold on!" Nick shouted in fear. "You're still alive!"

"Horua, you're awake!"

"It was all a dream, Horua!"

"Please!"

But Horua just continued seizing.

The next moment, a disgusting greenish-brown liquid appeared in Horua's throat.

'Puke?' Nick thought.

Nick watched as the puke bubbled in Horua's throat.

At the same time, Nick heard the sound of Horua desperately trying to breathe.

'He's asphyxiating on his puke!'

Nick immediately grabbed Horua and lifted him up by his legs.

Then, Nick began to shake Horua to get all the puke to come out.

The puke was leaving Horua's mouth and nose.

"Please, Horua!"

"Wake up!"

Nick was in a panic as he put Horua down again.

The shaking had gotten weaker.

Nick just hoped that this was a sign of recovery, not death.

After some seconds, Horua's half-closed eyes just quietly looked at the ceiling of the Containment Unit.

They didn't move.

Nick looked with terror at Horua.

'Please be alive! Please be alive! Please be alive!' Nick repeated in his mind.

"Horua! Horua, are you okay?" Nick asked with a worried voice as he lightly tapped Horua's cheek.

"Please, don't die!"

"Please!"

Nick just looked at Horua.

Horua didn't do anything for several seconds.

Slowly, Nick moved forward and put his head on Horua's chest.

'His heart is still beating,' Nick thought with relief.

The next moment, Nick held his hand in front of Horua's mouth.

'He's also breathing.'

Nick released a sigh of relief.

'He's still alive!'

At this moment, Nick's taught emotions finally relaxed, but he still felt a bit nervous about Horua's state.

Nick gently lifted Horua and left the Containment Unit.

The Dreamer was just watching Nick silently.

When Nick went out of the Containment Unit, he saw Wyntor looking up from his desk and walking over.

When Wyntor saw the limp Horua, he knew that something must have gone wrong.

"What happened?" Wyntor asked.

Nick took a deep breath and related everything that had happened to Wyntor.

Wyntor's expression became darker the more he heard.

"It sounds like he has suffered severe mental damage," Wyntor said.

"What will happen to him?" Nick asked.

"We don't know," Wyntor said.

"You don't know?" Nick asked with an anxious voice.

"Everyone reacts differently to severe mental stress," Wyntor added. "My teacher only went over a couple of outcomes back then."

"However, one thing is certain."

"He needs to see a doctor," Wyntor explained.

"Then, let's go to one!" Nick said urgently.

Wyntor put his hand on Nick's shoulder, stopping him from leaving. "Nick, calm down!"

"Wyntor, I need-"

"Calm down!" Wyntor shouted.

Nick took a deep breath.

"Yes, what?" he asked.

"Nick, we are not going out to get a doctor."

"The doctors come to us."

First, Nick wanted to shout in aggression, but then, his eyes widened.

"They come to us?" he asked.

Wyntor nodded.

"Pator!" Wyntor shouted.

"Coming!" Pator shouted from a distant spot where he was cleaning the floor.

"Yes, sir?" Pator asked.

"Get a physician from the closest clinic to come here," Wyntor ordered. "This boy has received heavy mental damage from a Specter."

When Pator heard that, he took in a deep breath.

He looked at Horua in shock and then looked at Wyntor.

Pator was amazing at keeping a poker face, but Wyntor had still noticed that Pator's expression had become colder as he looked at Wyntor.

"Of course, sir," Pator said before dashing out of the warehouse.

Wyntor turned to Nick. "Put him to the side," he said as he pointed to one of the walls.

Nick nodded. "Thank you, Wyntor," he said quietly as he walked to one of the walls with Horua.

Wyntor just sighed. 'What's there to thank for?'

Nick didn't put Horua down but simply sat down with him still in his arms.

Several minutes passed before Pator returned with someone.

It was a relatively young woman with green hair who was wearing a white coat.

Pator led the woman to Nick.

When Nick saw her, his breathing quickened.

He hoped Horua was okay.

"Please, help him," Nick said in fear.

The doctor looked at Horua, and her eyes became visibly cold and distant.

Such a young boy.

She was disgusted by this company.

After all, how could a child enter a Containment Unit on their own?

Yet, the expression of the man in front of her spoke of genuine worry and fear.

This told the doctor basically what had happened.

Stupidity had happened.

"Put him down," she commanded coldly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 - 50 – Diagnosis
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick quickly put Horua down and stepped back.

Right now, Nick only hoped that Horua would survive.

The doctor took out a small bag with different medical equipment and slowly took out some kind of tool that she put on Horua's chest.

Half a minute later, she put the tool away again and put some other tool around Horua's arm for a while.

After that, she used a light to look into Horua's vacant eyes.

The more time passed, the stronger her frown became.

"What's his name?" she asked.

"Horua," Nick answered.

"Horua, can you hear me?" she asked in a friendly manner as she looked into Horua's eyes.

Horua didn't answer.

A moment later, she shined her light into Horua's eyes again.

"I know you're awake, Horua," she said. "Your pupils are constricting when I shine my light into them. That only happens when you are conscious."

Horua didn't do anything.

For several minutes, the doctor kept talking to Horua as she touched different parts of his body.

Yet, Horua never showed any reaction.

A bit later, the doctor actually slowly lifted Horua's arm and let go.

Nick's eyes widened when he saw that the arm didn't fall.

The arm actually remained in the air!

"Horua?!" Nick asked with hope.

However, the doctor just furrowed her brows.

The next moment, she snapped her fingers a couple of times in front of Horua's face, and she even acted like she was about to snip Horua's eyes.

No reaction.

Eventually, she only sighed and slowly lifted Horua into a sitting position and leaned him against the wall.

"I need to talk to the two of you," the doctor said as she stood up.

Nick knew that she was referring to Wyntor and him.

"Of course," Nick said.

Nick walked over to Wyntor, and the doctor followed him.

Wyntor looked at the doctor with a neutral expression. "What's the diagnosis?"

"First, I need to know what happened," the doctor answered. "I know that Zephyx Manufacturers are very secretive, which is why I only need a rough explanation."

Wyntor nodded. "Of course."

"Wait," Nick said, interrupting Wyntor.

The two of them looked at Nick.

"I will tell her," Nick said with a deep breath. "After all, all of this is my fault."

Wyntor looked at Nick for a bit but nodded.

Then, Nick told the doctor about his idea to make Horua a Zephyx Extractor so that he would have a future outside of the Dregs.

The doctor was disgusted by Nick, but she kept a professional demeanor.

'At least he feels guilty,' she thought with a snort.

When it came to the Dreamer, Nick only said that Horua had a nightmare.

"A nightmare?" the doctor asked. "A nightmare or the Nightmare?"

"A nightmare," Nick answered. "You know, a bad dream."

The doctor frowned and became quiet.

"That explains some things," she said. "With all of this information, I can be more certain in my diagnosis."

Nick and even Wyntor listened intently.

"The boy, Horua, is awake currently," the doctor explained. "His reflexes and autonomous bodily functions are working fine. This means he won't just die suddenly or stop breathing."

When Nick heard that, he released a sigh of relief.

At least Horua wouldn't die.

"But?" Wyntor asked.

"But," the doctor continued, "his mind has become isolated. His actual consciousness does not interact with the outside world anymore. That means his mind doesn't get new information and also can't share information with others."

"You could say he is conscious but sleeping, in a way. Although, this is a strong simplification of what is actually happening."

Nick looked with worry at the doctor as Wyntor frowned.

"What does that mean?" he asked.

"It means he will continue being in this state for an indeterminate amount of time," the doctor said.

"He won't move on his own. This means he can't eat, drink, or go to the toilet on his own. The only thing he can do is sleep."

Nick took a deep breath. "Can we do anything about this?" he asked.

"It's difficult," the doctor said. "Since we can't really interact with his consciousness, we can't solve the issue. This is a mental problem, and if we want to save him, we need to somehow wake his mind up."

The doctor sighed. "Sadly, that's very difficult. After all, information can only enter a mind when the owner of the mind actively absorbs it."

"We can't just force his mind to listen."

Nick felt his chest tighten. "Is there anything I can do to save him? Maybe one of the recovery baths?"

"No," the doctor said. "Things like recovery baths work on injuries, and Horua technically isn't injured. In a certain way, nothing is wrong with his body."

"The only thing you can do is to keep him alive, talk to him, and hope that he wakes up on his own."

"He might wake up tomorrow."

"He might wake up in a week."

"He might wake up in a year."

"Maybe in ten years."

"Maybe never."

Nick looked at the ground with a horrified expression.

This was difficult to come to terms with.

Horua had turned into this, and it was Nick's fault.

"What if he comes into contact with the Specter again?" Wyntor asked.

The doctor's expression became strict and chilly. "If it's a Specter that feeds on mentality, it can probably change things in Horua's mind, but Specters that help people are not very common."

"But could it help?" Wyntor asked.

The doctor didn't answer for a couple of seconds. "Yes, but the chances are higher that his mental state will worsen or that he will die," the doctor said coldly.

Wyntor nodded. "Thank you. You can send the bill to us later."

The doctor tried her best not to snort.

"Doctor, how can I keep Horua alive?" Nick asked.

The doctor glanced at Nick with a neutral expression.

"Three meals a day that are easy to digest and swallow. Two liters of water a day. Regular change of clothes. His bodily waste needs to be cleaned regularly. Once every two days, you have to wash him. Thrice a day, you have to massage his legs and arms, or he will die of a thrombus."

"A thrombus?" Nick asked in confusion.

Even Wyntor didn't know what that was.

"If you don't move your extremities for a long time, your blood vessels get constricted, and a clot can form in one of them. When the extremity gets moved, the clot travels through the vessels and can get stuck in your heart, lungs, or anywhere else."

"That part will essentially not get any air and die off, killing you with it."

"If you want to keep him alive, you need to do all of that."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 - 51 – Guilt
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick took a deep breath.

"Thank you. I will do just that," he said.

The doctor nodded.

After a bit more talking, the doctor left the warehouse.

"What's your plan?" Wyntor asked.

"What I said," Nick said. "I will support Horua until he wakes up."

Wyntor furrowed his brows. "Nick, I need you as my Chief Zephyx Extractor. I can't have you take care of the boy if you can't do your job properly."

"I have to," Nick said with a tone filled with conviction. "This is my responsibility, and I am the one that has to pay the price."

"If Horua dies now, everything would have been for nothing."

"I have already hurt Horua immensely, and I can't even imagine hurting him even more."

"This is all my fault, and I am going to deal with it."

Wyntor frowned.

However, he wasn't actually mad at Nick.

The entire incident with Horua had given Nick something that he had lacked.

A sense of responsibility.

A Chief Zephyx Extractor needed a strong sense of responsibility, or the entire Manufacturer might go out of business.

If something happened, Nick had to deal with these things and take responsibility.

"As long as your work does not suffer, it doesn't matter what you do in your free time," Wyntor said.

"Thank you, Wyntor," Nick said with a sigh.

"However," Wyntor added, "I don't want him here. I will rent a room somewhere, and he can stay in the bed there. The room will be pretty close to the company, which should make it easy for you to take care of him."

Nick wasn't the biggest fan of Wyntor's help, but he knew that he needed to accept some help if he wanted to deal with this issue.

"Okay," Nick said. "Thank you, Wyntor."

Wyntor nodded. "For now, you should work. Pator will deal with Horua for the next eight hours."

Nick felt guilty that Pator had to do more work because of his mistake.

But Nick also knew that he didn't have any other choice.

He couldn't let Horua stay alone for eight full hours.

So, Nick just nodded.

He threw one last glance at Horua.

Whenever he saw Horua like this, Nick felt an intense pain in his chest, and breathing became more difficult.

Guilt.

Such heavy guilt.

Nick released another sigh and entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

As always, the Dreamer just stood in its corner as it looked into Nick's eyes.

"He's still alive," Nick said.

The Dreamer showed no reaction.

Nick snorted. "I guess you don't really care."

"For now, I will be mainly working with you, but in the future, I will bring in more people. However, these people will be more resilient than the last person you worked with," Nick said.

The Dreamer showed no reaction.

A moment later, Nick sat down near one of the walls and closed his eyes.

"Let's get to it," he said.

Clank. Clank. Clank.

Nick heard the Dreamer's footsteps, and he knew that it now stood just beside him again.

The Prephyx in the room became denser, and Nick started to feel sleepy.

A minute later, Nick fell asleep.

In his dreams, Horua was dying in increasingly more painful ways as he screamed for Nick's help.

Naturally, it was always Nick's fault that Horua was dying.

Eventually, the Horuas even started to come alive again and told Nick that he was at fault.

Even the world turned into living bodies of Horua, and whenever Nick walked, the Horua he stepped on screamed in pain and died.

The world was screaming at him, telling him that he was the reason why suffering filled all of reality.

Nick broke down again and again.

Nick had uttered The Sentence so many times, but Nurse Alice had never come.

Nick tried to kill himself, but he couldn't.

No matter what he did, he survived.

His suffering was infinite and eternal.

And then, Nick woke up.

All the memories of Nick's dream became hazier and hazier by the second.

Just a moment later, Nick had forgotten nearly everything.

He only knew that his dreams had been related to Horua and that he felt very guilty.

That was all he knew.

Nick looked around in the Containment Unit and saw the Dreamer looking at him from its corner.

Nick sighed and stood up.

After leaving the Containment Unit, Nick was intercepted by Wyntor.

"Nick, we need to talk," Wyntor said with a serious expression.

As soon as he heard that, Nick felt anxiety and fear rise in his chest. "Did something happen to Horua?" he asked.

"No," Wyntor said. "This is more of a good thing."

"Oh, okay," Nick said with a sigh of relief.

"Look at this," Wyntor said as he pointed at the Zephyx gauge.

Right now, the gauge was at ten grams of Zephyx.

"What about it?" Nick asked.

"Every day, the Zephyx tank gets emptied," Wyntor said, "which means that it was at zero before you and the boy arrived."

"Okay?" Nick asked.

"Nick, the boy only produced three grams of Zephyx."

"That means you produced seven grams just now, 40% more than the last time you worked with it."

Nick's eyes widened. "How?"

"That's what I am asking you," Wyntor asked. "What has changed?"

Nick furrowed his brows.

He had no idea.

"I don't know," Nick said.

Wyntor nodded. "Then, find out. It's your job."

"Well, okay," Nick said with uncertainty.

How was he supposed to find out why the amount of Zephyx had changed?

"The boy is in the house across the street," Wyntor said as he took out a key. "This is one of three keys. The owner of the hotel has one. Pator has one. You have one."

Nick took hold of the key and looked at it.

"Thanks, Wyntor," he said.

Wyntor nodded. "See you tomorrow," he said before he grabbed his suitcase and left the building.

Apparently, Wyntor had remained here just to talk with Nick.

Now, Nick was alone.

After some seconds, Nick took a deep breath and left the warehouse.

It was time to visit Horua.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 - 52 – Caregiver
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick entered the house opposite the warehouse.

It was quite a big building with five floors.

By now, Nick had gotten used to seeing these big and clean houses, and he wasn't currently in the mood to go sightseeing.

He only wanted to see Horua.

Nick had already seen on the key that Horua would be on the second floor, and in just a couple of seconds, he finally arrived.

He put the key in the lock and unlocked it. It took a bit of getting used to since keys basically didn't exist in the Dregs.

The room was silent.

It was almost like there was no life in this room.

However, Nick quickly saw Horua on the bed.

Right now, Horua was sitting on the bed, looking forward with dead eyes.

In a certain way, Horua's current appearance reminded Nick of the Dreamer.

They both had dead eyes.

Horua was wearing comfortable pajamas, and if it weren't for his impure skin due to living in the Dregs, he would look like any other child from the Outer City.

In the pajamas, Horua looked even more like a child than normal.

Nick took a deep breath and walked over.

"Hey, Horua. Everything alright?" Nick asked, not expecting an answer.

Naturally, he didn't get one.

Nick walked over and put his right arm on Horua's shoulder as he looked at him.

"Horua, I just wanted to say that all of this is my fault and that I am genuinely sorry," Nick said. "I should have known that not everyone can resist a Specter just like this."

"Maybe I should have moved slower?"

"Maybe I should have introduced the Dreamer to you when you were older?"

"I mean, I didn't need you to immediately become a Zephyx Extractor."

Nick was just looking into Horua's dead eyes with a sigh.

"I'm sorry. I wish I had been smarter."

"Sadly, I can't change the past."

"So, the next best thing is to make a bright future for you."

Nick remained silent for a couple of seconds.

"Hey, how about I give you a massage?" Nick asked.

Then, Nick slowly moved Horua onto his stomach.

"The doctor said that we have to regularly move your body, or your health will suffer. Don't worry, I'll make sure that nothing like that will happen."

A moment later, Nick started to massage Horua's body.

For someone who wasn't technically conscious, Horua's muscles were quite strained.

"How does this feel?" Nick asked.

Naturally, Horua didn't answer.

For around 30 minutes, Nick kept massaging Horua's body while talking to him.

After some time, Nick just started telling Horua about his day at work and what their plans were.

Nick wasn't worried about keeping secrets since Horua officially belonged to their company.

When the massage was done, Nick grabbed a bowl and filled it with water.

Nick put the bowl to Horua's mouth, and surprisingly, Horua swallowed when water entered his mouth.

For just a moment, Nick became hopeful.

Yet, Horua showed no other reaction.

"Alright, that should be enough," Nick said.

"Do you want some food next?"

Silence.

"I'll get you some food, okay?"

Nick silently walked out of the room and entered the street.

After looking around for a bit, Nick found a nice place that sold soup.

Even though the price was outrageous, Nick didn't complain.

This was for Horua, which made the price seem unimportant.

Nick returned and slowly fed the soup to Horua.

After a bit of talking, Nick noticed that the room started to smell.

He quickly found the source.

Horua had just wet his clothing and the bed.

Nick could only sigh.

'The doctor said he couldn't go to the toilet on his own.'

Over the next few minutes, Nick also dealt with that mess.

Nick even went out to buy Horua several new sets of pajamas.

For the next couple of hours, Nick just remained in the room with Horua to talk.

Eventually, Nick became tired, and he reluctantly left Horua.

"I will be back in four hours to check on you, okay?" Nick said before leaving the room.

Nick went to the reception of the hotel and rented a room on the same floor as Horua.

The room wasn't anything special.

It was made of clean metal, and it looked quite nice. Just like Horua's bed, Nick's bed was made of a thick sheet of fabric that made it much easier to sleep.

A couple minutes later, Nick went to bed.

Yet, no matter what he did, Nick couldn't fall asleep.

Nick was definitely tired, but for some reason, sleep just wouldn't come to him.

Even more, Nick felt more and more nervous.

'I hope Horua is okay. No one is checking up on him.'

'What if he wet the bed again and has to sleep in his own urine?'

'What if he is thirsty?'

'What if his breathing stopped?'

After over half an hour of trying, Nick left his room and went back into Horua's room.

Horua was lying in bed, just as Nick had left him.

Nothing had changed.

Nick took a deep breath and went back to his room.

Yet, he still couldn't fall asleep, and he became nervous again.

An hour later, he returned to Horua's room again.

Nothing had changed.

Nick wanted to leave again, but he just didn't feel comfortable with leaving Horua alone.

So, Nick just remained in Horua's room.

He was tired, but he didn't try to sleep.

However, since Horua might be asleep, Nick also didn't talk to him.

He just remained in the room in silence without doing anything.

As more time passed, Nick felt a tightness in his chest.

"I'm sorry," Nick whispered.

"I didn't want this to happen."

Silence.

Nick just looked at Horua, different memories of him shooting through his mind.

"I'm so sorry," Nick repeated.

Slowly, Nick's eyes started to get wet, and eventually, tears started to flow down his face.

"Horua, I'm so sorry. I was such an idiot."

"I just want you to recover."

"It's fine if you hate me forever."

"I just want you to recover."

Nick's crying intensified.

"I'm so sorry."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 - 53 – Interview
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So, how are you with bad situations?" Nick asked the person in front of him.

In front of Nick was a woman in her early twenties.

She had brown hair and wore dirty clothes.

Obviously, she was from the Dregs.

Right now, Nick was interviewing her inside his room in the hotel.

The woman had originally been quite nervous about having a meeting for a job inside someone's room, but by now, she had realized that Nick wasn't trying to hurt her.

"I think I can react in a very calm and deliberate manner," the woman said casually.

Nick nodded. "Have you ever met a Specter?"

"I don't have an ability if that's your question," the woman said.

"Alright, but have you met a Specter before?" Nick repeated.

The woman frowned. "I think so, but I'm not sure," she said.

"Oh? Please elaborate," Nick said.

"Well," the woman started, "legend has it that the leader of the Riker Strikers is a Specter, and I met him before."

"Oh? That's a new one," Nick said. "What makes you think he's a Specter?"

"It's just a legend," the woman said. "People say that Riker has to be a Specter. After all, the Riker Strikers are the only gang that brings nothing positive to the Dregs."

"The Insurance Gang might have some very direct methods, but they protect the people's tax money."

"The Peddlers might charge exorbitant prices and don't allow any competition, but they have the ability to get all these important goods to the Dregs. Without them, so many more people would die."

"The Hub might not care about morals when they accept a mission, but they also give many jobs to a lot of people. Even more, they keep the different gangs in check since the Hub can essentially be bought out by them."

"But the Riker Strikers?"

The woman shook her head.

"The Riker Strikers just steal, rape, and assassinate."

"They want money without offering protection."

"They secretly kill people for seemingly no reason."

"There's nothing good about them."

"Not even a little bit."

"What human would create something like that? Isn't it easier to lead a group of willing humans than forcefully take their belongings every day?"

"At least, that's the explanation," the woman explained. "If Riker is a Specter, these things would make sense."

Nick scratched his chin in interest as he looked at the woman. "That's a very interesting theory. I never met Riker personally since I worked for The Hub most of the time. You said you did?"

The woman nodded. "It was when three men stalked me to my house. I wasn't sure if they just wanted my money or if they also wanted to rape me, but luckily, I never found out."

When the woman had talked about the possibility of getting sexually assaulted, she had seemed quite calm, cold, and indifferent, even though something like that probably terrified most people.

"During that time, I was on a long-term mission for The Hub, and I showed them my symbol as proof."

"Based on their expressions, the three of them didn't like that, but they decided to leave me be."

"That was until Riker appeared."

"I don't know why he was here, but based on how the three men acted and how they addressed Riker, I knew it was the leader of the Riker Strikers."

"When he saw what happened, he just put on a friendly smile and asked since when the Riker Strikers cared about what the other gangs thought of them."

"The three of them turned back to me and started to advance."

"Meanwhile, I turned around and ran away."

"Luckily, one of The Hub's outposts was very close, and I managed to enter and get help."

"The three men fled, but a group from The Hub ran after them."

"I never saw them again after that, and I also didn't hear anything about Riker again," the woman explained.

Nick nodded a couple of times. "How was the infamous Riker?"

"How was he?" the woman repeated as she furrowed her brows. "It's difficult to describe."

"He looked quite charming and beautiful. Back then, I thought he looked abhorrent, but after so many weeks, I can admit that he is very attractive from a general perspective."

"He has this entire playboy vibe to him, but there is also deep confidence in his gaze."

The woman seemed uncomfortable for a couple of seconds.

"I'm not sure if this is relevant," she said eventually, "but I felt like his eyes were strange."

"They looked just like any other pair of eyes, but when I looked into them, I felt like I was looking at some kind of natural predator of mine."

"He felt very, very dangerous."

"I felt like I had to run away from him, no matter what."

The next moment, she snorted.

"Ironically enough, this feeling of having to run away was what allowed me to react this quickly to his men's renewed advance."

Nick looked very intrigued.

"What if you met him again?" Nick asked.

"In what sense?" the woman asked.

"Alone," Nick answered. "Just you two."

A sneer of disgust appeared on the woman's face.

"I would love nothing more than to say that I would kill him, but I probably don't have the strength to do that. I don't think a gang leader is weak," she said.

When Nick heard that, a bright smile appeared on his face.

"Alright, that sounds good," he said.

The woman looked at Nick with newfound anxiety. "So, did everything go well? I feel like it went well."

Nick chuckled and nodded. "Yep. Everything sounds great."

"So, does that mean…?" the woman asked.

Nick nodded. "Yes, I think you are the right person for the job."

The woman's eyes widened in shock.

A Zephyx Extractor?

She was about to become a Zephyx Extractor?!

She almost couldn't believe it.

"Your name was Jennifer, right?" Nick asked.

"Yes," Jennifer asked. "Please, call me Jenny."

"Of course," Nick said.

The next moment, Nick stood up. "Would you mind waiting outside the hotel for around 15 minutes? I have to deal with something first."

"After that, I will show you where you will be working from now on."

"Of course! Thank you so much!" Jenny said with a grateful voice.

The two of them left Nick's room.

While Jenny left the hotel, Nick went to Horua's room.

Nick had to check up on Horua before leaving for work.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 - 54 – Dark Dream
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick arrived in Horua's room and saw that it was time to change Horua's clothing again.

By now, Nick had taken care of Horua for over two weeks, and he had gotten pretty good at it.

Over the past two weeks, Nick had searched for someone who could join as another Zephyx Extractor.

This time, Nick was very careful when it came to choosing someone.

After all, he didn't want to make the same mistake again.

Nick had painfully learned why all the Zephyx Manufacturers had such stringent and difficult tests before anyone could join as a Zephyx Extractor.

Just because Nick could interact with a Specter didn't mean that everyone could.

In fact, interacting with a Specter was one of the scariest things in existence.

Humans instinctually felt that the thing in front of them preyed on them.

After the incident with Horua, Nick decided to use the entrance exam he had undertaken in Ghosty's Lab as a guide for creating his own exams.

Except, Nick didn't have all the facilities for the tests.

So, the next best thing was to just hold an interview with someone while trying to gauge their abilities in a conversation.

Nick had interviewed over 20 people from the Dregs by now, but he hadn't been happy with any of them.

There always was some kind of problem.

Sometimes, Nick felt like they were lying to him, and Nick didn't like liars.

Sometimes, Nick felt like what the people were saying sounded unrealistic.

For example, someone once said that they would simply beat up a Specter if they ever saw one.

Luckily, Nick didn't find any of these problems with Jenny.

Jenny was very honest and easy to work with, but when she talked about someone she didn't like, she seemed very cold and distant.

The best thing was that she didn't show any fear, but Nick also didn't feel like she was simply putting on a front.

In a sense, Nick felt like Jenny had no fight-or-flight instinct but just a fight instinct.

Even more, Jenny had honestly said that she ran away from the Riker Strikers without any shame.

She was confident in her choice.

"Hey, Horua," Nick said with a smile as he grabbed a freshly cleaned pair of pajamas. "I finally found someone for the position."

Horua didn't answer.

"Her name is Jenny, and she seems to have quite a character."

Nick told Horua about Jenny while he cleaned up Horua's mess and changed his clothing.

When he was done, he also gave Horua a quick massage.

"Anyway, I told her it would only be 15 minutes, and I've been here for nearly 20. Sorry, Horua, but I gotta go. See you later!" Nick said.

After quietly closing the door, Nick left the hotel.

Jenny was waiting in front of the hotel, and when she saw that Nick had come out, she released a sigh of relief.

Apparently, she had been worried that Nick had stood her up.

"Sorry, took a bit longer than expected," Nick said with a helpless smile.

"Oh, it's fine," Jenny said with a polite smile.

"Anyway, let me show you where you will be working."

When Jenny saw that Nick simply entered the warehouse on the other side of the street, she became quite shocked.

Who held an interview in front of their company's building?!

But when Jenny saw the sturdy walls of the Containment Unit, she realized that this was not just a simple warehouse.

Compared to the walls of the warehouse, the walls of the Containment Unit had an incredible feeling of power to them.

Even more, there were many cables and contraptions scattered around the Containment Unit.

After two weeks, the company had also slightly redecorated its interior.

By now, there were a couple of pieces of art made of metal strewn around, and there were also far more desks and chairs.

On top of that, things had been cleaned up, and a couple of walls made of thin metal separated parts of the warehouse into a couple of rooms.

Basically all of this had been done by Pator at Wyntor's request.

Nick led Jenny to the door of one of the isolated rooms and loudly knocked on it. "Hey, Wyntor! I got someone!"

"Come in!" Wyntor shouted from behind the door.

Jenny looked nervously at the door.

Nick opened the door and led Jenny in.

The inside of Wyntor's office looked different from the rest of the company.

For example, his chair and desk looked much better than all the other ones, and he also had a huge bookshelf with many different books on it.

Almost all of the books were about Specters.

When Wyntor saw Jenny, a small gleam appeared in his eyes, and he stood up.

"Welcome," Wyntor said with a smile. "My name is Wyntor Melfion, and I am the president and CEO of Dark Dream."

Jenny blinked a couple of times. "Dark Dream?"

"Hasn't Nick told you about the name of our company?" Wyntor asked with a smile.

"No, I didn't," Nick said. "The NDA thing, you know?"

Wyntor just chuckled politely. "Of course."

Then, Wyntor turned to Jenny again. "So, you will be joining Dark Dream as a new Zephyx Extractor, right?"

"Y-yes, sir," Jenny said with nervousness.

For some reason, Wyntor felt much more imposing and powerful than Nick to her.

"Perfect!" Wyntor said before pointing at a chair. "Please, sit down. I want to ask you a couple of things and tell you a bit more about Dark Dream."

While Jenny sat down, Nick walked out of the door. "I'll get to work then. Tell Pator to take care of Horua."

"Of course," Wyntor said.

"Thanks," Nick said. "Should I leave the door open or closed?"

"Close it," Wyntor said.

Nick nodded and closed the door.

While Nick walked over to the Dreamer's Containment Unit, Wyntor looked at Jenny with a friendly smile.

For several minutes, Wyntor asked Jenny questions, and the more he heard about her, the more fitting she seemed to be for Dark Dream.

'Nick actually got a good one this time,' Wyntor thought.

While Nick was sleeping in the Containment Unit, Wyntor took out several sheets of paper for Jenny to sign.

After signing all of them, Wyntor smiled again.

"Thank you, and welcome to Dark Dream!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 - 55 – Jenny and the Dreamer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

By now, Nick had gotten pretty good at working with the Dreamer, and working with it no longer required special preparations.

While Nick was working with the Dreamer, Wyntor was telling Jenny everything relevant about Dark Dream, her future workplace.

From what Wyntor told her, their company was named Dark Dream due to their first Specter, the Dreamer.

When Nick had captured the Specter, he needed to brave the darkness and the Dreamer.

So, Wyntor had come up with the name Dark Dream.

When Jenny heard about how Nick had captured the Dreamer, her respect for him had grown even more.

Jenny had already respected Nick, but it was still difficult to feel true respect for someone who was still a teenager.

Naturally, Jenny also knew how impressive it was to fall under the Nightmare's influence so many times.

The more often it happened in a short timeframe, the more brutal the visions became.

Eight hours later, Nick walked out of the Containment Unit as he yawned a bit.

Even though he had just slept for eight hours, he felt very exhausted and tired.

The first thing Nick did after coming out of the Containment Unit was to check on the amount of Zephyx he had produced.

'Still seven grams. Except for that one change two weeks ago, nothing else changed. It's still seven grams,' Nick thought as he rubbed his chin in thought.

'With Jenny, I should be able to glean some more information.'

Nick looked around and quickly found Jenny.

Right now, Pator was showing her a couple of things in the warehouse.

"Hey, Jenny," Nick shouted as he came closer.

Pator and Jenny turned to Nick.

"Good work today, Nick," Pator said with a friendly smile.

"Welcome back, sir," Jenny said with a bit of nervousness.

"Sir?" Nick repeated with a chuckle. "Just call me Nick."

Jenny seemed a bit unsure. "Sure thing… Nick," she said with a bit of discomfort.

Nick just nodded with a smile. "Jenny, do you have somewhere to be in the next eight hours?"

"No," Jenny answered.

Nick nodded. "Today is your first day, but if you feel up to it, you can work with the Dreamer right now."

Nick didn't care that Pator was present. By now, Pator was also under an NDA, and he had already heard a lot about Dark Dream's secrets.

Jenny looked with a bit of excitement at Nick. "This means I would also get my first payment, right?"

"Sure. That's not an issue," Nick said.

"Then, I would like to work with the Dreamer right now," Jenny said. "Although, I need to inform my partner at home first. She hasn't heard from me the entire day, and she will be very worried if I stay until deep into the night."

"Pator can do that," Nick said before turning to Pator. "Right?"

"Naturally," Pator said with a smile. "I'll deal with it after visiting Horua again."

"Thanks, Pator," Nick said. "If everything goes as planned, I can take over in about an hour or so."

"Sure thing, Nick," Pator said before turning to Jenny. "Where's your home?"

Jenny gave Pator instructions on what to say and where to go, and Pator quickly left the building.

The next moment, Nick smiled at Jenny. "Then, let's go."

Jenny nodded and followed after Nick.

Both of them looked to be calm, but in truth, both of them were quite nervous.

Jenny had never truly interacted with a Specter. She wanted to seem fearless, but deep inside, she was still worried that the Specter's presence would be too much for her to handle.

Nick wanted to seem confident, but he was just as nervous as Jenny. The last time he had introduced someone to the Dreamer, that person had become catatonic.

Nick hoped that Jenny could resist the Dreamer better.

After opening the employee door, both of them walked into the Containment Unit.

As always, the Dreamer stood in its corner, looking at Nick expressionlessly.

Jenny stood diagonally behind Nick, and when she saw the Dreamer, her heart rate increased by quite a bit.

Jenny took a deep breath as her chest shook, but she managed to keep her composure.

Just as expected, the Dreamer's Aura was hard to bear for Jenny.

She felt like she was in contact with her natural predator.

Remaining here spelled nothing but death, and her emotions were telling her to run away.

However, Jenny's rationality kept her emotions in check, stopping them from dictating her actions.

She had already been informed about the Dreamer, and she knew what she had to do.

'Nothing will happen to me,' Jenny thought while taking deep breaths, trying to calm herself. 'I will not die. The only thing to fear is fear itself.'

The next moment, the Dreamer looked away from Nick and looked into Jenny's eyes.

Jenny's heart rate increased even more as she started to sweat coldly.

However, she just gritted her teeth and looked back.

When Nick saw her reaction, he smiled.

"Alright," Nick said, looking at the Dreamer. "This is Jenny. You will be working for eight hours after our sessions every day."

The Dreamer didn't react.

Silence.

"Well, seems like there are no issues," Nick said with a casual shrug.

Jenny wasn't put at ease by Nick's casual demeanor.

"Alright," Nick said, turning to Jenny. "Where do you want to sleep? I usually sleep with my back against the wall, but you don't have to do that."

Jenny took a deep breath. "I'd like to sit in a corner."

"Sure," Nick said.

The next moment, Jenny went to one of the corners and awkwardly sat down.

Nick nodded. "The Dreamer will now come to you and put you to sleep. Don't resist its influence. After all, we want you to sleep."

Jenny nervously nodded.

Nick looked over at the Dreamer. "You can start."

The Dreamer slowly turned to look at Jenny.

Clink. Clink. Clink.

And slowly walked up to her.

All of Jenny's being was telling her to run as far away as she could.

She was about to die!

However, Jenny managed to keep her emotions in check and kept forcing her eyes closed.

After a couple of seconds, Jenny started to feel tired.

She wanted to resist the influence, but once again, she managed to keep her emotions in check.

Eventually, she got too tired to even think about resisting.

And then, she fell asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 - 56 – Successful Session
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick saw Jenny fall asleep, he nodded with pride.

'That went quite smoothly,' he thought.

For the next 30 minutes, Nick waited in the Containment Unit to make sure that nothing was happening.

Nothing happened.

"I will be back in a bit," Nick told the Dreamer as he left the Containment Unit.

Naturally, the Dreamer didn't answer.

"How did it go?" Wyntor asked, standing in front of the exit of the Containment Unit.

"Perfect," Nick said with a grin. "She was obviously scared, but she didn't run away and voluntarily sat down to sleep."

Wyntor also smiled. "You found a good one this time, Nick."

Nick nodded. "Yep! If everything works out, she will take the shift after mine, which should be from 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. I will arrive at 6 a.m. now every morning since I'm not the only one working with the Dreamer anymore."

"Sounds great," Wyntor said. "Now, we only need one more person."

Nick sighed. "I'm not looking forward to more of these interviews, but that's why I'm getting paid more."

Wyntor chuckled a bit. "That's how it works, yes."

"Is Pator back?" Nick asked.

"He's outside," Wyntor said.

Nick nodded and walked out of the door.

Nick quickly found Pator and talked to him a bit before going back to the hotel.

After entering Horua's room, a bitter smile appeared on Nick's face, and he sat on the bed beside Horua.

As always during the day, Horua sat on his bed, just looking into empty space without doing anything.

"Hey, Horua. You remember the new employee I told you about this morning?"

Nick talked to Horua for a while, telling him everything about his day.

After that, Nick got Horua some soup and some water.

"I'll be right back. I also have to check up on Jenny," Nick said before going back to the warehouse.

Nick entered the Containment Unit and saw that nothing had changed.

For the next eight hours, Nick went back and forth between the warehouse and Horua's room.

Finally, the eight hours were up, and it was time for Nick to wake up Jenny.

"Hey, eight hours are over," Nick said to the Dreamer, still standing over Jenny.

The Dreamer had been focused on Jenny's closed eyes, but a moment later, its head slowly moved back.

It slowly turned to look at Nick before going back to its corner.

Nick just nodded before walking up to Jenny.

After gently nudging her for a while, Jenny slowly opened her eyes.

But then, her eyes suddenly shot open, and she immediately pulled her arms up like she was trying to protect herself from an attacker.

"Wow, wow, calm down, Jenny!" Nick shouted.

Jenny froze. "Nick?" she asked in confusion.

Then, she slowly lowered her arms and looked around.

"Oh, right!" she shouted before her eyes fixed on the Dreamer.

She still felt scared looking at it, but it was not as bad as before.

"Is it over?" Jenny asked.

"Yep," Nick answered. "Eight hours are up. You successfully finished your first session with a Specter! Congratulations!"

Jenny almost couldn't believe it.

She had done it!

She had actually worked with a Specter!

So, did this mean that she was a real Zephyx Extractor now?

She didn't feel any different, though.

"Come, let's go out," Nick said.

Jenny looked more at the Dreamer as she followed Nick out of the Containment Unit.

When the door closed behind her, she felt like a huge pressure had vanished from her shoulder.

"Want to see how much Zephyx you made?" Nick asked with a smile.

Jenny's eyes opened wide with intrigue, and she nodded.

Nick led her to the console and looked at the gauge.

Yet, when Nick saw the results, he was surprised.

"Four grams," he said with interest.

"Is that a lot?" Jenny asked.

"For the company, four grams represent 4,000 credits," Nick said. "For you, it represents 400 credits."

Jenny just looked with shock and surprise at the gauge.

400 credits.

She had just earned 400 credits.

For just eight hours of work.

For just this bit of work, Jenny had secured two months of taxes for her and her partner.

It was ridiculous!

"Want your money?" Nick asked.

Jenny felt a bit put on the spot, but she still nodded sheepishly. "Sorry, but I really need it."

"Of course," Nick said with a chuckle. "Wyntor already went home. So, let me get your money."

Nick walked over to Wyntor's office and opened it with a key.

Inside Wyntor's office, Nick took out a thin sheet of malleable metal and put it on the desk.

The next moment, Nick grabbed a couple of different metallic stamps and heated them on some kind of hot plate.

Lastly, Nick stamped the number 400 into the malleable piece of metal and then stamped Dark Dream's official stamp on the bottom.

After waiting for a bit, Nick grabbed the bottom of the piece of metal and pulled.

A second piece of metal with a different color was pulled out of the first piece of metal.

The second piece of metal also had the number 400 and the company's stamp on it.

Naturally, the first piece of metal was some kind of document that allowed the owner to take 400 credits out of Dark Dream's account, and the second piece of metal was a copy.

Nick left the copy on Wyntor's desk and left with the first piece of metal.

"Here you go," Nick said, handing the first piece of metal to Jenny.

Jenny just looked at it with confusion.

"Hand this to this bank," Nick said, pointing at a symbol at the corner of the piece of metal. "They will keep the plate and give you 400 credits in exchange."

Jenny looked with wonder at the plate.

"By the way," Nick said, remembering something. "You should have an ability now."

Jenny looked at Nick with a bit of confusion.

"You know, an ability from a Specter," Nick said. "The very thing that makes Zephyx Extractors Zephyx Extractors."

Jenny realized what Nick meant and looked at her hands with wonder.

"What kind of ability?" she asked.

"I dunno."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 - 57 – Ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jenny just looked at Nick with dumbfound confusion.

"I have no idea," Nick repeated. "My Zephyx Synchronizer was already attuned when I came into contact with the Dreamer, which was why I didn't get its ability, and the only other person who worked with it is in some sort of coma."

"Coma?" Jenny asked in shock.

"Yeah, I didn't want to tell you before you worked with the Dreamer since it would make you more nervous without a good reason," Nick said. "Let's just say that I messed up with the last person. I took someone that obviously didn't have the mental fortitude to work with a Specter."

"But I believed in you, and my trust was not misplaced."

Jenny became a bit more nervous when she heard that someone had been put into a coma because of the Dreamer.

"What happened?" Jenny asked.

Nick sighed. "After five hours, the Dreamer walked away from him, and he started to have a seizure. He hasn't really woken up since then. That was about two weeks ago."

"You, on the other hand, finished the full eight hours, which means that you're not in danger," Nick added.

Jenny was still a bit uncertain, but she didn't complain.

She had just earned 400 credits, which was insane.

"Anyway," Nick said. "You should really try to find out what kind of ability you unlocked. If you feel uncomfortable trying alone, we can try tomorrow."

"Tomorrow, I need you here at 2 pm. 2 pm, on the dot, enter the Containment Unit and tell the Dreamer to wake me up. I'll show you how to operate this thing," Nick said as he pointed at the console of the Containment Unit.

For the next ten minutes, Nick showed Jenny how to operate the console, and eventually, Jenny left to go to the bank and home.

After Jenny left, Nick went to one part of the Containment Unit, which he then unlocked with a key.

Inside, Nick found a small tube with something that looked like white powder.

This was Zephyx.

Nick carefully took out the tube and put an empty one in before closing the metal plate again.

After that, Nick entered Wyntor's office and put the tube of Zephyx on top of the copy of Jenny's payment.

When he was done, Nick nodded once in satisfaction and left the warehouse.

Nick checked up on Horua, slept for four hours, checked up on Horua again, and slept for another three hours.

Nick grabbed a quick bite to eat and entered the warehouse.

Pator was already here.

Pator always had to come early since Nick was working with the Dreamer during this time.

After some small talk, Nick entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit and fell asleep.

About eight hours later, Nick opened his eyes and saw Jenny standing beside him.

"Already time to stand up?" Nick asked with a yawn.

Jenny nodded with a smile. "Yep."

Nick nodded, stood up, and walked out of the Containment Unit.

Jenny followed him.

"I know what kind of ability I have," Jenny said.

"Oh?" Nick asked with interest. "Tell me."

"I'll show you!" Jenny said with some excitement. "Don't worry. It won't hurt."

Nick nodded.

Jenny walked over and put her hands on Nick's head.

Nick just looked with confusion at her.

Then, Nick yawned again and started to get drowsy.

Nick's eyes closed by themselves, and he felt weakness enter his limbs.

Jenny slowly removed her hands from Nick's head, and the drowsiness became weaker.

Nick opened his eyes again and realized what had happened.

"You can make people fall asleep?" Nick asked.

Jenny nodded. "Just like the Dreamer!"

Nick was excited to find out, but he also had to furrow his brows.

"That's not very useful for combat," he said.

"I thought that too initially, but I'm not so sure anymore," Jenny said.

Nick looked at her with a raised eyebrow.

"If my opponent doesn't know that I'm their opponent, I can get close to them and… well…" Jenny explained as she started to feel a bit awkward.

Nick just scratched the back of his head in confusion. "And what?" he asked.

"Well, you know," Jenny said. "Tell them to come to my place, hug them, and… you know…"

"Oh! That!" Nick said. "You mean seduce them and covertly use your ability while hugging their head or something, right?"

"Yes, that," Jenny said with a bit of embarrassment. "While I use my ability, my opponent falls into a very deep sleep. They won't easily wake up, even if I make a lot of noise. While they are asleep, I can probably collapse the entire house, and they would only notice when the ceiling hits them."

Nick nodded with interest.

"Also, that's not everything," Jenny said.

"Oh?" Nick uttered.

"I can also somewhat look into dreams," Jenny said.

"Look into dreams?" Nick asked. "Can you control them like the Dreamer?"

Jenny shook her head. "No, I can't do that, but I can somewhat feel what's happening in their dreams. I tried it a bit with my partner last night. I didn't find out a lot, but I think that's because I'm simply not used to this ability yet. With more practice, I can probably find out more."

"That's very interesting," Nick said with a nod. "Have you told Wyntor already?"

Jenny nodded. "Yes. He told me that there might be other uses for my ability. When there is an opportunity, he might give me some other tasks."

"Makes sense," Nick said.

"By the way," Jenny added. "Wyntor wants to talk to you."

"Sure thing," Nick said. "I'll talk to him while you're sleeping."

Jenny and Nick talked for a bit more before they entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

This time, falling asleep was even easier for Jenny.

Eventually, Nick left the Containment Unit and went into Wyntor's office.

He saw Wyntor looking at several sheets of paper.

"Hey, Wyntor. You wanted to see me?" Nick asked.

"Yes, Nick," Wyntor said. "Please, sit down."

Wyntor gestured to a chair in front of his desk.

Nick felt a bit uncomfortable.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 - 58 – Growth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick nervously sat down.

He knew that something was up since Wyntor was taking on a very distant and professional tone.

"What's up?" Nick asked.

Wyntor took hold of the copy of the metal plate Nick had made the day before and showed it to Nick. "This."

Nick raised an eyebrow.

"I know that yesterday was a special day and all since Jenny needed the money quickly, but you can't just forge my signature. If I wanted to, I could sue you and get all of your money," Wyntor said.

"But everything was correct, right?" Nick asked. "So, there are no issues."

Wyntor slightly shook his head. "Yes, the amount was correct, but you went too far and meddled with my job. I never meddle with your job since it's your job."

"Nick, you cannot hand out money to people in the name of the company. You do not have the right or the power to do that," Wyntor said with a serious voice.

Nick furrowed his brows. "Then, what should I have done? She needed the money."

"Call me," Wyntor said. "I told you how you can reach me. Just call me. I would have arrived within 30 minutes and would have given her the money."

Nick looked a bit uncomfortable. "You've worked for nearly 16 hours yesterday. I didn't want to waste another hour of your time."

"I get where you are coming from," Wyntor said, "but you can't just hand out money. If there is an emergency like the one yesterday, call me. It doesn't matter what happened before that. If there is a genuine emergency, you always need to call me."

Nick sighed. "Fine. I won't meddle in your tasks anymore, Wyntor."

Wyntor smiled and nodded. "Then, there are no issues, Nick."

The next moment, Wyntor took out a metal plate and handed it to Nick. "I will give Jenny her money at the same time as you. In general, I look at the revenue from yesterday and hand you two the money at about 2 p.m. When you're both here."

Nick nodded and took the metal plate.

He could see the number 1,800 on it.

Since Nick produced seven grams of Zephyx, he got 1,400 credits for his own work, and since he was the Chief Zephyx Extractor, he also got 10% of what Jenny produced, which was another 400 credits.

1,800 credits in a day.

That was a lot, even for the people in the Outer City.

Usually, people in the Outer City earned between 1,500 and 4,000 credits per month.

Nick was making 1,800 per day.

Sure enough, being a Zephyx Extractor was extremely lucrative.

Nick took the metal plate and pocketed it.

"Everything going well with Jenny?" Wyntor asked.

Nick nodded. "Nothing to complain about."

"Good," Wyntor answered with a smile.

After some more small talk, Nick left Wyntor's office and went to Horua.

When Nick entered Horua's room, he saw Pator cleaning up.

After greeting each other, Pator told Nick about the next candidates.

Nick told Pator to send them to his room in 30 minutes one by one, as always.

30 minutes later, a person walked into Nick's room, and the two of them talked about many things over the next hour.

Sadly, the candidate seemed quite fidgety and nervous, which meant that he most likely wasn't a fit for the position of Zephyx Extractor.

The second person wasn't any better.

The third person seemed a bit weird. Just to be careful, Nick refused them.

After dealing with Horua again and eating some things, Nick went to wake up Jenny, and the two of them went home.

This was how a normal day for Nick went.

He woke up, worked with the Dreamer, talked a bit with Jenny, got his money, dealt with Horua, interviewed a couple of people, talked with Jenny again, dealt with Horua one more time, and went to sleep.

One day.

About two weeks later, Nick finally found a third candidate.

His name was Trevor, and he also came from the Dregs.

Trevor seemed to be quite a confident individual who smirked a lot.

He was pretty good at socializing and seemed to be the center of every gathering.

Some people perceived him to be annoying, but others found him to be charming and amusing.

When he met the Dreamer for the first time, he mostly smiled bitterly and cracked several jokes.

Apparently, that was his method of coping with intense fear and stressful situations. He was just laughing and trying to lighten the spirits of everyone.

Luckily, Trevor managed to work with the Dreamer without issues, and eight hours later, he woke up with his new ability.

Just like Jenny, Trevor could put people to sleep and observe part of their dreams.

When Wyntor met Trevor, he thought that the Dreamer's ability fit him very well.

Jenny was very straightforward and honest, which meant that deception was not in her blood.

However, Trevor was different.

Trevor had a very loud and direct personality, and he was good at masking his intentions.

If Wyntor ever needed some kind of secret agent, Trevor would be a much better fit than Jenny.

From now on, Trevor would take the shift from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m.

This meant that the Dreamer's output had reached its maximum potential.

Per day, Nick produced seven grams of Zephyx, Jenny produced four grams of Zephyx, and Trevor produced five grams of Zephyx for a total of 16 grams of Zephyx.

That meant Dark Dream was bringing in 16,000 credits per day!

For one more month, everyone worked with the Dreamer.

That was when Wyntor wanted to talk to Nick again.

With the money now flowing in and the Dreamer being worked with at full efficiency, it was now time to expand.

They needed a second Specter.

Sadly, since the company wasn't earning enough to create a full team of Investigators, it was once more up to Nick to find the next Specter.

But this time, it wouldn't be as easy.

At least, that was what Nick thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 59 – Levels
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"We currently have liquid funds of a bit over 400,000 credits. That means we can purchase another Containment Unit," Wyntor said as he sat in front of Nick in his office.

"400,000 credits?" Nick asked. "I thought we only had something like 250,000 credits."

"There are a couple of tricks that can increase the value of our Zephyx," Wyntor said. "My job is not only for show, after all. If I don't do a good job, the money that comes in doesn't reach its full potential."

Nick just nodded.

Nick had never suspected that Wyntor wasn't working.

Even though Nick didn't know what Wyntor was doing all day, he still trusted in him.

There were probably many things that Wyntor was doing that Nick and his two employees didn't even notice.

"So, we can get a new Containment Unit and get a second Specter?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "I've been in talks with a manufacturer for Containment Units, and I managed to get quite a good deal. Under normal circumstances, the next level of Containment Unit costs about 1.5 million credits, but in exchange for exclusively buying their products, I managed to snag one of those for the price of a cheap one at around 450,000 credits."

Nick's eyes widened in surprise and wonder.

As someone who had never worked in a company before, Wyntor's work always seemed so nebulous to Nick.

While Nick trusted that Wyntor was working, he had never really felt the impact.

But now, Nick actually saw what impact Wyntor had on the business.

The entire business had only brought in something like 250,000 credits of Zephyx for its savings account.

Yet, due to Wyntor, all of that increased to 400,000 credits.

And now, Wyntor had essentially brought in another million credits in goods.

Just by cleverly negotiating with some people, Wyntor had essentially brought in four times as much money as the remaining employees combined!

Naturally, without the employees, Wyntor wouldn't be able to get that much money, but still, Wyntor was increasing the wealth of Dark Dream a lot!

"The Containment Unit I am going to purchase has a light tunnel, which means we don't need to light it with artificial light anymore," Wyntor explained. "Additionally, it can withstand Adolescent Specters, which should also secure our future with the Dreamer."

"Due to the Dreamer's rapid growth and since we constantly need to light its Containment Unit, I will put the Dreamer into the new Containment Unit. We can use its current Containment Unit for a new Specter."

Nick nodded.

Nick had noticed that the Dreamer's output of Zephyx had increased a couple of days before.

By now, Nick was producing ten grams of Zephyx, Jenny was producing six, and Trevor was producing eight.

Since the Zephyx production for all employees increased at the same time, it meant that the reason for that was with the Specter.

Nick hadn't been sure what had happened, but Wyntor had known.

The Dreamer was growing more powerful.

Every Specter needed to feed to become stronger, and the Dreamer was no exception.

Naturally, the Dreamer's power increased by giving people nightmares, and by constantly working with it for two months, it had gotten a lot of food.

According to Wyntor's calculations, the Dreamer had reached the Peak of the Hatchling Stage.

In every stage, there were five levels.

Initial, Early, Mid, Late, Peak.

Each level had an increase of power of about 1.5 to the previous level.

So, if an Initial Hatchling had a power of 1, an Early Hatchling would have 1.5, a Mid Hatchling would have about 2.3, a Late Hatchling would have about 3.4, and a Peak Hatchling would have about 5.

This meant that a Peak Hatchling was about five times as powerful as an Initial Hatchling.

Surprisingly, that was also about equal to Nick's strength increase when his ability was activated.

Whenever a Specter advanced a level, the power of its ability increased, as well as its physical strength.

Back when Nick had caught the Dreamer, the Dreamer had been a Mid Hatchling, close to becoming a Late Hatchling.

This meant its physical power had been about 2.3 times stronger than the power of an Initial Hatchling.

Based on the body and the type of Specter, an Initial Hatchling was about as strong as an average adult male or stronger.

In the Dreamer's case, it would have been about as strong as an average adult male since it was not a physical fighter.

Naturally, without his ability, Nick's power had also been about as strong as an average adult male, but he still counted as much stronger than average in the Dregs since everyone was malnourished.

That had been why the Dreamer had been so much more powerful than Nick.

But when Nick's ability activated, he had been much more powerful than the Dreamer.

Yet, if the Dreamer had been as powerful back then as it was now, Nick wouldn't have been able to put up a fight.

It would have simply torn Nick apart.

Right now, the Dreamer was just as powerful as Nick had been when he had captured it with his ability active.

However, one had to remember that Zephyx Extractors could also become more powerful.

When the Dreamer produced Zephyx, Nick also absorbed part of the Zephyx, but it was important to note that Nick's increase in power wasn't compromising the Zephyx production.

When a Zephyx Extractor worked with a Specter, both of them produced Zephyx, but only the Zephyx produced by the Specter would be harvested.

The Zephyx produced by the Zephyx Extractor would never leave the Extractor's body and would immediately get absorbed, increasing the Extractor's power.

In general, the Zephyx the Extractor produced was about 20% of what the Specter produced, but this ratio could vary.

This meant if Nick made the Dreamer produce ten grams of Zephyx, Nick would gain about two grams of Zephyx for himself.

Under normal circumstances, this would mean that the Dreamer would grow five times as quickly as Nick.

However, one had to remember that the Containment Unit harvested 90% of the Zephyx, which meant that, from the ten grams produced, the Dreamer could only keep one gram.

But then, one also had to keep in mind that three different people were working with the Dreamer for a total of about 24 grams of Zephyx every day.

This meant, per day, the Dreamer was growing by about 2.4 grams of Zephyx, and Nick was growing by about two grams.

Yet, due to the difference in level, Nick didn't need as much Zephyx as the Dreamer to advance, which meant that he was growing quicker.

So, what did this mean for Nick's actual power?

Well, just yesterday, Nick had managed to advance another level, and right now…

Nick was at the Late First Stage.

Or Late Newbie, if one used the unofficial denotion.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 60 – Adolescent
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In essence, this meant that Nick was about 3.4 times as powerful as he had been when he had caught the Dreamer.

Since the Dreamer didn't have an ability useful for combat, Nick could have probably caught the Dreamer even without his ability if he had been that powerful back then.

But that didn't mean that Specters were no longer dangerous.

The physical bodies of the Specters were only a small part of their strength.

The truly threatening and terrifying part was their ability.

For example, due to his family, Wyntor had gained a very powerful ability from a Specter.

The ability wasn't very useful for capturing Specters, but it was incredibly useful for staying alive.

The ability had come from the Specter called The Blinding Light.

The Blinding Light was a level three Specter that looked like a floating ball of light.

The Specter belonged to Kugelblitz, which was how Wyntor had been able to gain its ability.

While The Blinding Light could theoretically smash into someone with its body, that was not why it was dangerous.

Its true power was its ability to burn people.

The Blinding Light could burn any living being in its vicinity…

Unless they directly looked at it.

However, if they directly looked at The Blinding Light, their eyes would burn away.

In essence, one was exchanging their sight for survival.

If one lost their eyes, they would become immune to the burning effect of The Blinding Light.

This effectively meant that one had to fight The Blinding Light without eyes.

If The Blinding Light were a Hatchling and if Nick had tried to catch it, things would have turned out very differently.

The Blinding Light's ability was actually useful for combat, compared to the Dreamer's ability.

Nick wouldn't be sure how to capture The Blinding Light if it were a Hatchling, and he also wouldn't be sure if he could survive.

Luckily, the Dreamer didn't have a useful ability for combat.

When Wyntor told Nick about The Blinding Light, he also told him how much he hated it.

Wyntor had its ability, and to gain its ability, Wyntor had needed to lose his eyes five times.

He said that this had been the most painful experience of his life.

Wyntor even told Nick that it usually wouldn't take that many times to gain The Blinding Light's ability.

Usually, people only needed to have their eyes burned thrice.

Some even got it after only two times.

But Wyntor needed five times.

Of course, Nick asked why, and Wyntor's answer was pretty simple.

"It means I'm not talented in producing Zephyx. It means I have no talent for becoming a Zephyx Extractor."

Naturally, being a Zephyx Extractor was one of the most prestigious professions in the world, and it was more than enough to become an heir to the Melfion family.

Yet, since Wyntor had no talent, he had to go the administrative route and become an amazing businessman.

But for that, he needed money, which was why they were now talking about getting a second Specter.

"Don't forget that, even though you've grown much more powerful, a Specter, even a Hatchling, can still prove to be your death," Wyntor said with a warning tone.

"Naturally, I don't expect you to go after an Adolescent Specter. The Dreamer will become an Adolescent Specter soon enough, and it will occupy the new Containment Unit. This means we need another Hatchling."

Nick nodded.

"Anyway," Wyntor continued. "I followed up on Jenny's clue regarding the Riker Strikers."

"Oh?" Nick uttered, looking at Wyntor with interest.

"I found out quite some interesting pieces of information," Wyntor said. "For example, the Riker Strikers have only appeared in the Dregs about five years ago."

"Before that, there had been no Riker Strikers."

Nick nodded. He remembered that no one had talked about the Riker Strikers back then, but they very quickly appeared.

It was almost like they became extremely powerful overnight.

Back then, Nick had barely been eleven years old, and he had been busy getting his own life on track, which was why he had barely noticed anything.

"Their leader, Riker, had also seemingly appeared out of nowhere," Wyntor continued. "Well, seemingly. After a lot of digging, I actually found some sightings of him before he became the leader of the Riker Strikers."

"Based on witness accounts, Riker was someone that worked for The Hub, and he accepted basically every single dirty mission that gave a lot of money."

"He mostly did assassinations, beating people up, extorting money, threatening people, and so on."

"He amassed quite a bit of wealth for the Dregs' standards."

"Now, if this were everything, he wouldn't seem strange, but there are two things that rubbed me the wrong way when I heard them," Wyntor said.

Nick leaned forward with interest.

"First," Wyntor said as he lifted his right index finger, "he didn't always accept the job with the biggest paycheck."

"Of course, under normal circumstances, that doesn't seem strange. After all, jobs that pay very well often require you to do horrible things or very dangerous things."

"But in his case, the opposite was true."

"He didn't actually aim for the best-paying jobs, but for the jobs that needed him to commit the most horrible acts."

Nick's eyes widened in surprise.

"People just think that he went for the jobs with the biggest reward since those jobs were also the most horrifying ones, most of the time."

"I understand that some people want a lot of money, but it is very strange that he specifically ignores money just so he can commit more horrible deeds," Wyntor said.

Nick furrowed his brows and nodded. "Yes, that doesn't seem normal."

Wyntor also nodded. "The second thing is even more surprising."

Wyntor leaned forward.

"Not even a single merchant that sells food recalls ever selling food to Riker."

Nick's eyes widened.

Now, that was very suspicious!

"That means Jenny was right, right?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "Most likely."

"I think Riker is a Specter."

Nick became excited when he heard that.

"Don't get excited just yet," Wyntor said with a serious expression.

Nick looked with a raised eyebrow at Wyntor.

"Based on how long he has operated in the Dregs and how far his social power has grown, I'm quite certain of one thing."

"Riker is not a Hatchling."

"He's an Adolescent."

"That means we can't go after him just yet."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 61 – Ability Advancement
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"An Adolescent?" Nick repeated.

Wyntor nodded. "I am not entirely sure how he gains more power, but based on his behavior in the past, I would say that he becomes stronger by causing others fear or by just doing horrible things. I'm not sure about the specifics."

"Riker has been in the Dregs for quite a while, and by now, he has amassed a gang with over 50 members. He has probably caused an incredible amount of grief, which should have given him a lot of power. I doubt very much that he's a Hatchling."

Nick looked with worry at Wyntor. "Could he be an Adult Specter?" he asked.

Wyntor shook his head. "Very unlikely. It takes a lot for a Specter to grow."

"We have been feeding the Dreamer 24/7, and after months, it still only advanced by 1.5 levels. If we keep going at this rate, it will probably take three years or so to turn the Dreamer into an Adult Specter."

"And that's considering that we keep feeding him with powerful Zephyx Extractors. Nick, you have to keep in mind that something stronger also produces much more Zephyx. For example, if we keep sending in Newbie Extractors while the Dreamer is an Adolescent, it would take over 15 years for it to become an Adult."

"While Riker has a great reach, a lot of his terror is spread over his gang, and I don't think that suffering by proxy gives as much Zephyx as directly inflicting the suffering."

"At most, Riker is a Late Adolescent, and I'm already very generous with that evaluation. Most likely, he's an Early or Mid Adolescent," Wyntor explained.

Nick just furrowed his brows. "And we don't have a shot at taking him?"

Wyntor shook his head. "Since the difference between Realms is a twofold increase in power and since Riker is most likely an Early Adolescent, his physical power would be about five times as much as you, and that's only considering his physical power."

"He most likely also has an ability that is very useful in combat, which would make it extremely difficult to deal with him. Even if you could keep your ability perpetually active, you would most likely lose."

Nick could only sigh when he heard that.

"So, we don't go after Riker just yet," Nick said.

"We don't," Wyntor repeated.

"But then what?" Nick asked. "We are out of ideas now."

"That's how all the Zephyx Manufacturers feel," Wyntor told Nick. "Getting the Specters is always the most difficult part."

Nick could only sigh.

"Guess that means that I have to go out and find a Specter again."

"Sadly, yes," Wyntor said. "We are still lacking the funds to create a full team of Investigators."

Nick sighed once again. "Okay," he said. "I'll do my best and look for a Specter, but I'm honestly not sure where I can find one."

Wyntor nodded. "This time, our survival isn't dependent on your rapid success. Even if you don't find one immediately, we are still earning money with the Dreamer."

"If there is a deadline, it will most likely be when you are about to become a level two Extractor, but that should still take a bit more than a year or two," Wyntor said.

"You mean the Ability Advancement?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded.

"I guess you're right," Nick said. "I don't think the Dreamer would advance my ability in a very useful or meaningful way."

What made the advancements between Stages different from advancements between levels?

Why was a Peak level one Zephyx Extractor becoming an Initial level two Zephyx Extractor far more meaningful than an Initial level two Zephyx Extractor becoming an Early level two Zephyx Extractor?

Two reasons.

First, the increase in power was twofold instead of 1.5-fold.

But more importantly, the ability of the person also advanced.

By absorbing Zephyx, the Extractor's Zephyx Synchronizer would also become bigger, and eventually, it would become big enough to support a stronger ability.

When one was ready to reach the next Stage, one's Zephyx Synchronizer would regain the ability to synchronize with a Specter, but this new synchronization was different from the first one.

During the initial synchronization, the Extractor's Zephyx Synchronizer would try to fully copy the Specter's ability.

But during the second synchronization, the Zephyx Synchronizer would combine the new ability with the old one, creating a new one.

For example, Wyntor had the ability of The Blinding Light, and if he were to advance by attuning his Zephyx Synchronizer with the Dreamer, Wyntor's ability would transform.

Maybe Wyntor's light would also cause hallucinations?

Maybe Wyntor's light would make its targets tired?

Maybe Wyntor would gain the ability to read the thoughts of his enemy while his ability was active?

No matter what case were true, Wyntor's initial ability would remain the dominant one, and the Dreamer's ability would need to somehow fit into Wyntor's initial ability.

Naturally, there were very compatible abilities and very incompatible ones.

For example, Wyntor's ability and the Dreamer's ability were not compatible at all.

One of them dealt with bright light and very noticeable attacks, while the other one was a very covert ability that relied on the element of surprise.

So, what if Nick used the Dreamer to advance his ability?

Well, in a certain way, the Dreamer's ability was quite compatible with Nick's ability since both of them used the element of surprise.

However, they differed very much in how they were used.

Nick's ability wanted to kill the enemy, while the Dreamer's ability wanted to manipulate or spy on them.

Even more, both abilities would only be able to unleash their powers with the element of surprise but became useless after that.

That was not what Nick wanted.

The Ability Advancement was the best way to transform Nick's ability into one that could be used more than once in a battle.

And the Dreamer's ability wouldn't help Nick in achieving that.

Because of that, Nick needed another Specter.

And that was why the deadline for capturing the next Specter was Nick's advancement to the second level, which would take one to two years.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 62 – Competition
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After talking with Wyntor for a bit more, Nick left the warehouse.

Nick had already finished his session with the Dreamer today, and since he didn't need to interview any new applicants, he decided to fully focus on finding the next Specter.

However, that was easier said than done.

Just like the last time, Nick had no idea where to find one.

And this time, he probably wouldn't get saved by an Inspector who wanted to help the general public.

At least he had a lot of time.

For the first time in quite a while, Nick returned to the Dregs.

He hadn't been here ever since he had gotten some food for Horua after Nick had caught the Dreamer.

As Nick entered the Dregs, everyone threw glances at him.

Naturally, Nick was required to wear his Zephyx Extractor uniform, which was why everyone was looking at him.

The red and black colors on the high-quality uniform made him stick out like a sore thumb among the poor denizens of the Dregs.

"Did anything unnatural happen lately?" Nick asked one of the people looking at him from the side of the road.

The young man with black hair just looked back at Nick with surprise.

"You mean besides the appearance of a Zephyx Extractor?" the man asked. "No, not really."

Nick nodded. "I belong to Dark Dream, a new Zephyx Manufacturer, and I have already dealt with a Specter that was living in the Dregs that was too troublesome for the other Manufacturers. Please, tell me if there is anything suspicious that the Inspectors told you not to worry about."

The man blinked a couple of times in surprise and started to scratch the back of his head in thought.

For about five seconds, he remained silent.

"I don't think I got anything of importance," the man said with an uncertain expression.

Nick furrowed his brows. "Are you sure? You don't seem sure."

The man looked a bit uncomfortable. "Well, there's something, but I really don't think it's the doing of a Specter."

Nick's gaze became solemn. "Tell me."

The man looked even more uncomfortable. "You sure?" he asked.

"I'm sure," Nick said seriously.

"Well," the man said.

"I've had diarrhea for the last week, but I didn't change my diet."

Silence.

"And?" Nick asked.

"That's it," the man said.

Nick's excitement vanished, and he just looked at the man with a deadpan expression.

"Have you tried the rust lick?" Nick asked.

The man scratched the back of his head.

"Yeah, I think that might solve the issue. Thanks," he said.

Nick released a sigh but nodded nevertheless.

"If anything pops up, tell me," he said.

"Of course!" the man answered.

Nick just turned around and walked away.

He wasn't very bothered or angry.

Back when he had been searching for the Dreamer, he had had conversations like this all the time.

Life in the Dregs was horrendous, and many times, people just took a Specter's doing as natural.

A Specter's actions were horrible, and the life in the Dregs was horrible.

So, what was the difference?

That was why people in the Dregs often overlooked signs of Specters.

Since life was so shit here, people expected to have nightmares, which was why no one noticed the Dreamer.

Since there were cruel criminals everywhere, people expected there to be horrible people, which was why no one noticed that Riker was most likely a Specter.

The Specters perfectly blended into the Dregs, which was why it was so difficult to find them here.

Sadly, the Outer City and Inner City were completely free of Specters since all the powerful Manufacturers paid special attention to these places.

Whether he liked it or not, Nick needed to find a Specter in the Dregs.

Nick kept talking to more people, but just like the last time, he found no clues.

At least, this time, the Inspectors weren't making fun of him.

Instead, the Inspectors refused to talk to Nick besides superfluous and polite small talk.

Nick now officially belonged to the competition.

Every two hours, Nick went back to the hotel to check up on Horua, but these were his only breaks.

For the remaining time, Nick kept wandering through the Dregs while talking to people.

When the day was over, Nick went to bed.

The next day, he worked with the Dreamer again, talked to Wyntor a bit, and went back to searching.

This was how the next week passed.

For over a week, Nick had been searching for a clue, but he just couldn't find one.

By now, Nick had heard about all the mundane issues of the people, but none of them pointed towards a Specter.

Another week passed.

BANG!

As Nick walked through the Dregs, he suddenly heard the sound of a loud explosion followed by the sound of something big collapsing.

Nick noticed that a big building in the distance had collapsed, and he immediately charged into a small alley at the side.

As soon as Nick entered the alley, his ability activated, and with one swift jump, Nick landed on top of a house.

BANG!

The metal below Nick's feet bent as he charged forward with all of his power.

Within 20 seconds, Nick reached the building.

Yet, he didn't like what he was seeing at this moment.

Right now, there were three people standing in front of a big pile of metallic rubble.

The person at the front was currently holding something in his hand that looked like a small worm with several tentacles growing from its mouth.

Nick was 95% sure that this thing was a Specter.

However, Nick was also sure that he wouldn't get it.

After all, the three people in front of the pile of rubble wore Zephyx Extractor uniforms.

Nick could only sigh.

"You're late," the leader said, turning to Nick, who was still on the roof of a building.

Nick was quite surprised that the Extractor had noticed him.

"Good luck next time!" the leader said with a laugh.

Then, he left with his two colleagues and the Specter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 63 – Sound
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick sighed.

'That's one less Specter I can catch,' he thought.

Naturally, Nick wasn't the only person searching for Specters in the Dregs, which made things that much more difficult for him.

More days passed.

Eventually, Nick found a clue.

A small family told Nick that there were scary things happening in their house.

From time to time, stuff moved around, and they even heard stuff shaking in other rooms.

Some of them even claimed that they heard voices coming from below them, which couldn't be possible since the sewers were directly below them.

Nick followed up on the clue and entered their house.

After staying in their house for a while, Nick suddenly felt his ability deactivate, even though no one was in the room with him.

But then, his ability activated again a couple of seconds later.

Nick furrowed his brows and took a step forward in the empty room.

His ability deactivated again.

Three seconds later, it reactivated.

Nick knew what that meant.

'Someone is hearing me but can't see me,' he thought.

Since Nick's ability deactivated if anyone sensed him, it also meant that it deactivated when someone heard him make a sound.

At that moment, the person or Specter knew where Nick was since they knew where the sound came from.

But if they didn't see Nick and if Nick didn't give off more sounds, they wouldn't be able to perceive him again.

After all, Nick could have already walked away from the spot where the sound had been made, making it uncertain for the listener whether he was there or not.

'They can hear me but not see me,' Nick thought. 'This either means that the Specter is blind or that it is not inside the room.'

Nick very silently took a step to the side.

His ability didn't deactivate.

Then, Nick quietly opened a door.

Usually, houses in the Dregs didn't have any doors, but this one did.

When Nick was slowly opening the door, his ability didn't deactivate.

'That means the Specter is also not in that room,' Nick thought, looking at the door he was opening.

The next moment, Nick took a couple of normal steps.

His ability deactivated again.

Three seconds later, it reactivated.

After that, Nick silently crept over to another door and quietly opened it.

His ability didn't deactivate.

'Means it is also not in that room,' Nick thought.

Nick scratched his chin. 'These are the only two adjacent rooms.'

The next moment, Nick grabbed an uneven spot on one of the metallic walls and pulled himself up.

Ding. Ding.

Nick quietly knocked on the ceiling of the room.

His ability didn't deactivate.

Ding! Ding!

Nick used some more power.

His ability didn't deactivate.

DING!

Now, it deactivated.

'Means the Specter is not above me as well. That knock was so loud that every adjacent room heard it,' Nick thought.

Then, Nick walked to one of the walls and quietly knocked at it.

The same thing happened, and Nick's ability only deactivated after a pretty strong knock.

After that, Nick tried the other wall.

Same thing.

'That only leaves one spot,' Nick thought as he looked at the floor.

Slowly, Nick went to his knees.

And then, he quietly knocked on the floor.

Ding.

Nick's ability immediately deactivated.

Nick narrowed his eyes. 'In the sewers, huh?'

The next moment, Nick went to the rusty wall again and climbed it a bit.

After that, Nick put his feet on the wall and looked at the ground.

His ability had become active again.

BOOOOOM!

Nick shot at the ground, and as soon as he hit it, the metallic plates broke apart.

The rusty plates couldn't possibly resist such a tremendous shockwave.

As the entire floor collapsed, Nick's ability didn't deactivate, surprisingly.

Although, that was actually logical. After all, with sounds of collapsing metal plates coming from everywhere, no one could tell where Nick was just based on sound.

As the floor was collapsing, Nick rapidly took out a tube and destroyed it.

WHOOOM!

A bright domain of Arclight appeared, encompassing the falling metallic plates.

The dark sewer lit up, and Nick quickly found something that wasn't supposed to be there.

Just two meters below where the old floor had been was some kind of scaffolding made of pieces of rusty metal.

And then, Nick saw something else.

There was someone on the piece of scaffolding.

It was a middle-aged man, and he was in the process of ducking, which was quite understandable since the ceiling above him had just exploded.

BANG!

One of Nick's legs kicked one of the falling metal plates, shooting him towards the guy.

CRACK!

Nick's elbow hit the guy's chest and pushed him toward the scaffolding, which broke apart as well.

When Nick's elbow had hit the guy, he had felt many of his bones break, which told him one thing.

'That's a human,' Nick thought.

Sure, Nick had shot at the guy with quite a bit of power, but a Specter wouldn't get injured this heavily as long as it wasn't an Initial Hatchling.

Nick had just caused a genuinely life-threatening injury, which wouldn't have happened if this were a Specter.

Nick gritted his teeth in frustration.

'You idiot!' Nick thought as he jumped away from the breaking scaffolding.

The fact that Nick's ability hadn't deactivated meant that the guy was not able to perceive any other person right now.

The guy probably couldn't muster the mental capacity for proper spatial awareness after having his chest caved in, which meant that he didn't know where Nick was.

Nick grabbed one of the pieces of scaffolding that didn't break and threw himself back into the room at the top.

Not all the plates had collapsed.

As soon as Nick landed, he looked into the sewers.

Splash!

Several metal plates fell into the sewers, as well as the guy.

'Yeah, that guy is not surviving,' Nick thought.

The next moment, Nick just snorted in annoyance.

'What the fuck were you even doing down there? There are enough houses for everyone! Why would you live below someone else's house?!'

Nick just kept looking into the sewers, which had calmed down by now.

Ten seconds passed.

'Guess he lost consciousness.'

'I am not a fan of killing people, but I'm not going to mourn a dumbfuck like that.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 64 – Profiting?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'Why was he even here? Like, did he live here?' Nick thought.

'Probably not. That scaffolding was quite rickety and not very big.'

'But then, what the fuck was that guy doing below this house?'

'I mean, the tenants said that spooky things were happening in their house, which was most likely his doing.'

'But why? I mean, did he do it on purpose? Based on what the tenants said, it had to have been on purpose.'

'This means this guy was down here for a reason, and I don't think it's a very honest and nice one.'

In the end, Nick could only sigh.

'I guess the answer died with him.'

Splash, splash, splash.

The next moment, Nick saw and heard several things entering the water.

Nick raised an eyebrow when he saw a couple of rats swimming towards the place where the guy had fallen into the sewers.

"Thanks, Nick!"

Nick moved his head over the edge and looked at where the voice had come from.

A rat was clinging to the ceiling, looking at him from about two meters away.

"Nine more of those, and I'll tell you where you can find a weak Specter," the rat said with a smirk.

Nick furrowed his brows and didn't answer.

"Oh, come on," the rat said. "You've killed for less."

A memory shot through Nick's mind, and an annoyed expression appeared on his face.

Under normal circumstances, Nick would say that he would never consider the Parasite's offer.

However, he had been searching for a Specter for three weeks now, and the latest clue had turned out to be just some random dude.

Nick was quite frustrated and annoyed.

For about ten seconds, he didn't say anything.

Meanwhile, the color of the sewers below Nick had turned a bit redder.

"I'll consider it," Nick said.

"Great!" the rat said, excitedly clapping its little hands while keeping itself clinging to the ceiling with its hindlegs. "I'm looking forward to it! Just throw them in the sewers!"

Nick snorted.

"Why was that guy even here?" Nick asked.

"He was a stalker," the rat said.

"A stalker?" Nick repeated.

"Yep. He kept rambling on and on about the love of his life and how he would make everyone leave the house so that he could be with her," the rat said. "Total nutjob."

"Huh," Nick uttered in something that was and wasn't surprise at the same time.

The next moment, Nick pulled his head out of the sewers again and stood up.

Nick exited the room and walked out of the house.

After exiting, Nick saw two people waiting for him.

One of them was a middle-aged man, and the other was a 14-year-old girl.

The man was quite muscular and burly, and based on the things he was wearing, Nick could tell that he was someone working for the Peddlers, one of the four big gangs.

Those two were the inhabitants of the house.

Nick's eyes fell on the young girl.

'I guess that was his target,' Nick thought.

The next moment, Nick looked at the man. 'And with her father present, the stalker didn't dare to directly do anything to her.'

'Guess killing someone isn't always bad.'

The burly man quickly came up to Nick with a nervous and scared expression.

Surprisingly, his daughter didn't seem as anxious as her father.

"We just heard a loud bang!" the father said. "Did you find the Specter?"

"Daddy, it's not a Specter," the daughter said with a groan. "If it were, we would already be dead."

"Let daddy talk with the Extractor, honey," the father said as he lightly patted his daughter's head.

The daughter just snorted and looked to the side, but she didn't escape from her father's head pats.

"So?" the father asked, looking at Nick.

"It was a guy," Nick said.

"A guy?" the father repeated in shock.

"Told you it wasn't a Specter," the daughter said with a prideful smirk.

Nick nodded. "Some guy built some kind of scaffolding in the sewers below your house. When I knew that someone or something was below your house, I broke through your floor and found him."

Many memories shot through the father's mind, and his fear and anxiety were very quickly replaced with pure rage.

Some random guy was living below his house and causing him so much worry?!

"Where is he?" the father asked with a dark tone.

"His scaffolding broke, and he fell into the sewers," Nick said. "The Parasite quickly took care of him."

The man snorted with aggression. "Lucky bastard," he grumbled.

"Anyway, I have to thank you, sir," the man said with a respectful tone. "Without you, I would have probably lost my home."

Nick nodded with a neutral expression. "If you ever find any information regarding any possible Specters, please contact us. If you actually find one, you will have helped us far more than I have helped you today."

"Of course," the man said, hitting his chest once to emphasize that he was serious. "I will tell my men to keep an eye out!"

Nick nodded again. "Good. By the way, you should fix the floor in one of your living rooms."

"That's not a problem, sir," the man said with a laugh. "Thank you again."

The next moment, the man pushed his daughter forward a bit. "Say thanks to the nice man, honey."

The girl furrowed her brows, but her expression quickly turned into a friendly smile before politely bowing to Nick. "Thank you so much, sir!"

Nick nodded one last time and walked away.

Some seconds later, Nick just sighed.

'And the search continues,' he thought with annoyance.

'Three weeks.'

'Three fucking weeks.'

'How long until I can finally get some clues for a Specter?!'

As Nick walked, his short conversation with the Parasite shot through his mind.

Nick walked in silence.

'Nine more corpses, huh?'

Nick looked at the sky with a thoughtful expression.

'Is it really that bad?'

'I mean, there are plenty of people that deserve to die, right?'

'Is it so bad that I profit from these deaths?'

Nick wasn't sure.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 65 – So Difficult
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Another two weeks passed.

By now, Nick had been searching for a Specter for around six weeks.

And still, he had not gotten a single clue.

There had been a couple of leads, but none of them actually led to a real Specter.

It was always just humans.

'Sure enough, the last time I was lucky,' Nick thought with a sigh while taking a break in the marketplace.

'Even more, there was this second group of Extractors that found a Specter in the Dregs.'

'I feel like the other Manufacturers find so many more Specters than me.'

'Although, I get it. They have Investigators, while we don't have anything.'

'How are we supposed to keep up with that? In fact, I didn't even find the Specter myself last time. An Inspector actually told me about the Dreamer.'

'Can I even find any Specter on my own?'

Nick sighed again.

'Six weeks with no leads.'

Nick looked at the people that were passing by him.

By now, the people no longer avoided him.

They had grown used to Nick's presence.

'At least I've gotten plenty of experience in how to find Specters.'

'I know which clues will most likely not produce any result, and I know how to get people to talk.'

'On top of that, I learned a lot about what other people in the Dregs do when nobody's around, and I even learned how the gangs operate internally.'

'If there were any clues, I would probably be able to get them.'

Nick sighed once more.

'However, barely a day passes before one of the Inspectors already finds the clue, and with their manpower, they can get to the bottom of the clue in no time.'

'All the Inspectors meet every day and gather their relevant information, making it much easier to create a full image of the Dregs.'

'Meanwhile, I can only look at a small part of the Dregs every day since I am alone.'

'I really need a team of Inspectors.'

Nick just kept thinking about his current situation in frustration and hopelessness.

He had no idea how to get another Specter.

"Stop! Please!"

Nick's eyes slowly moved to the marketplace.

"You don't want to have some fun? Come on, don't be such a prude."

"No, go away! Please! You can have my money!"

"You can keep your money. I want something else."

Nick just sighed.

Another rape.

In the Outer City, sexual assault was illegal, but nobody really cared about this in the Dregs.

In a certain way, it might even secretly be encouraged since it produced more children, which produced more blood for Kugelblitz.

Of course, nobody actually said that it was encouraged, but the absence of prosecutions for rapists still counted as a statement from the city.

Rapes happened almost every day.

It was a very common sight in the Dregs.

Everyone had gotten used to them, and the people just avoided the situation in the center of the marketplace.

Right now, a younger woman was being beset by two guys. One of the guys was holding the woman's shoulder while the other one was grabbing his dick through his pants with a smirk.

Nick had witnessed quite a lot of these events.

"Stop! This is my last warning! I will bite your dick off!" the woman shouted as the guy was unbuttoning his pants.

"Oh, we got a feisty one, eh?" the other guy said, his pants apparently having gotten a bit tighter around the waist.

"Do you dare?" the first guy said as he pulled the woman's head down. "If you make me bleed, you will lose two liters of your blood. Can you afford that?"

The woman wrestled against her captors' hands, but she wasn't strong enough.

"You already look anemic," the other guy said, slowly moving his finger across the woman's very white skin.

"If you lose another two liters of blood, you will most likely die. Are you so against having a bit of fun with us? We are even willing to pay you five credits each."

The woman gritted her teeth in anger, frustration, hatred, and helplessness.

The people in the marketplace avoided her.

If these two men were just random people, some of the others might have gotten involved.

However, these two guys had the insignia of the Riker Strikers.

While some of the bystanders were willing to put themselves in a bit of danger for their morals, they were not willing to commit suicide for them.

After a bit more persuasion, the sexual assault commenced.

Nick had grown so cold and apathetic to these events that he just absentmindedly watched the woman's head bop back and forth on the guy's crotch in the middle of the marketplace.

As Nick watched, a memory shot through his mind.

He remembered his conversation with that one Investigator who told Nick about the Dreamer.

Back then, Nick had been furious with the Zephyx Manufacturer because they didn't do anything against the Dreamer, even though they had the power and knew about it.

They were willing to just sit by and let the people suffer.

Nick had been absolutely furious with them back then.

Wasn't he doing something very similar just now?

'I have the power to stop this,' Nick thought, watching the crying woman.

'But would that change anything? They are the Riker Strikers, and they are known for going against absolutely everyone that resists them.'

'Sure, I don't need to fear them, but that just means that they will focus their anger all on that girl.'

'At that point, they will probably steal all her belongings and rape her a couple more times before dooming her to die during the next tax day.'

'Intervening now would only make things worse for her.'

'If I am going to interfere, her life is my responsibility since I would have indirectly killed her.'

The next moment, Nick looked at the guy who was pushing his cock into the crying girl's face.

'And if I kill them, I have to pay 5,000 credits per person. Sure, they wouldn't seek revenge on the girl anymore, but 5,000 credits is still a lot.'

'I would have lost 10,000 credits just to save someone I don't even know.'

'Even more, I wouldn't even get to keep the corpses, or I would need to pay another 10,000 credits per person, which means I also can't give them to the Parasite.'

Nick sighed.

'Why is being a good guy so difficult?'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 66 – Exchange
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick kept watching the event in the middle of the marketplace.

Usually, Nick didn't like watching something like this, but since Nick's current moral dilemma was related to this event, he just kept absentmindedly watching.

One of the two guys had noticed that Nick kept watching like a creep and became a bit embarrassed.

'Is he a voyeur?' the guy that was currently in the process of having intercourse in public thought.

Usually, one of them would charge at Nick and kick him a couple of times, but Nick's uniform stopped these thoughts from even occurring.

Zephyx Extractors were the absolutely worst people one could attack.

Not only did they have an incredibly high status, but they could also tear humans apart like paper.

'30,000 credits if I want to keep the two corpses,' Nick thought as he looked at the two men.

The guy on the side felt a cold shudder go down his neck as his dick became limp. 'Don't tell me that guy is gay!'

Nick just kept looking, deep in thought.

'Nine corpses would come to 135,000 credits,' Nick thought.

'For 135,000 credits, I can find the location of a Specter immediately.'

'That's all I have to pay.'

Nick didn't even see killing these two men as part of the deal since that didn't have any relevance to him.

Sure, Nick wasn't a big fan of killing, but if Nick really didn't like someone, that someone lost all their value in Nick's eyes.

He had seen too much shit in the Dregs to care about these people.

"Ah, there we go!" the other guy shouted with a satisfied voice as he pulled himself out of the girl's mouth.

By now, the girl was full-on crying and fell backward with closed eyes.

"I think this isn't her first time," the guy said to his friend. "She's surprisingly good at this. She does this amazing thing with her tongue-"

"Yeah, I'm not interested," the other guy said as he looked at Nick with a concerned expression. "I'm not in the mood."

"Not in the mood?" the first guy asked in surprise. "But you said you are into this sort of thing. I made you my rape buddy exactly because you were so into this shit. Don't tell me you've gotten soft."

The other guy snorted. "I got soft, but not in that department," the guy said.

The next moment, he gestured to Nick with a movement of his head. "He's watching, and it kind of ruined the mood for me."

The first guy looked at Nick, and when he saw Nick's uniform, he also became a bit concerned.

"Why does he keep looking at us?" he asked quietly.

"I don't know," the other guy answered.

"Think he's gay?"

"No idea, dude."

"How long has he been looking?"

"Since the start."

The guy felt himself become a bit red in the face when he thought that a Zephyx Extractor had been watching him rape a girl.

He didn't mind the other people since he was very much into being perceived as powerful.

When these weak people watched him without doing anything, he felt like he was establishing his dominance over all of the Dregs.

But when it was a Zephyx Extractor, things were very different since he knew very well that he couldn't possibly compete with one of those.

Because of that, he became quite a bit embarrassed.

"I get it," the guy said, understanding why the other one wasn't in the mood.

"Give me my money."

The two of them looked at the crying girl.

By now, she had opened her eyes, and she was glaring with hatred at the guy that had just raped her.

When the guy saw the girl's aggressive expression, he became a bit angry and annoyed.

He didn't like it when his prey bit back.

Nevertheless, he took out five credits and threw them at the girl without saying anything.

To the two of them, it was important to keep the good prey alive so that they could be reused, which was why they were paying them.

At least the really good ones.

The bad ones didn't get paid.

The next moment, the two of them walked away from the marketplace.

Nick just kept sitting at the side of the marketplace, still thinking about his options.

'How much longer? How much longer do I have to search for a Specter?'

'Also, just because I can't go against Riker himself yet doesn't mean that I can't get rid of some of his people. After all, I'm a Zephyx Extractor, and Riker won't risk exposing himself by trying to take revenge on me.'

'The death of a Zephyx Extractor is a huge deal.'

'In a way, I can make the Dregs a better place while also profiting from it.'

'135,000 credits in exchange for the location of a Specter and a better world.'

Nick nodded and stood up.

Then, he left the marketplace and walked towards the Outer City.

For the next hour, Nick talked to Wyntor inside his office.

Some hours later, Nick went to sleep.

When he woke up, he dealt with Horua and worked with the Dreamer.

After that, Nick left Dark Dream and entered a station where the guards of Crimson Fungus City worked.

It was a black building with a huge symbol of Crimson Fungus City on it.

As soon as he entered, the guards turned to Nick, and when they saw his uniform, they became interested.

One of the officers walked over to Nick. "Welcome! Is there anything we can help you with?"

Nick nodded.

"My Zephyx Manufacturer requires some specific corpses from the Dregs. I will be the one doing the killing and collecting. You just need to officiate the proceedings and help me transport the corpses," Nick said.

Surprisingly, the guard just smiled politely.

He wasn't surprised or shocked at all.

"Of course," the officer said. "Please, leave your company's card here for reference."

Nick nodded and took out Dark Dream's official bank card.

The officer smiled politely, put the card away, and called a team of three guards.

Two of the guards came over to Nick and introduced themselves politely, while the last one walked to the back.

Some seconds later, the guy came back out, pulling a hearse.

"Where to?" the guy asked.

"The Dregs," Nick answered.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 67 – Scary
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick walked towards the Dregs while three of the guards kept following him.

Two of the guards were rather tall and wore black uniforms, similar to the uniforms of the tax collectors, but without the gas masks.

The entire gas mask thing for the tax collectors mainly existed to keep their identities secret and so that they didn't need to smell the disgusting Dregs.

Normal guards didn't wear gas masks.

But right now, they wish they did.

As soon as they walked into the Dregs, the faces of the two guards behind Nick scrunched up while the third guard far behind them just sneered in disgust.

The Outer City had a solid wall of metal between itself and the sewers, but the Dregs were mostly built on rusty grates.

One could imagine how bad it smelled to walk over something like the sewers of Crimson Fungus City.

As soon as they entered, the eyes of the people opened widely in horror.

If there were simply a couple of guards with a Zephyx Extractor, they wouldn't care.

However, the hearse was what scared them.

The people immediately scattered, not even entering the houses but just running as far away as possible.

The guards just casually watched the people scatter.

The Zephyx Extractor had said that he would be the one creating the corpses.

"Want us to stop them?" one of the guards asked as a formality.

"No," Nick answered neutrally.

"As you wish," the guard answered before becoming quiet again.

As Nick walked through the Dregs, he felt strange.

At this moment, he no longer felt like a member of the Dregs.

In fact, he felt like one of the tax collectors.

For some reason, Nick felt like he was not looking at humans running from him but at animals.

This feeling scared him.

He felt like he was losing something important, and he quickly shook his head.

'Stop thinking about these things!' Nick thought with frustration. 'You're about to make this a better place! You're about to take care of some people from the Riker Strikers!'

'The people are running from you only because they don't trust you and don't know if you will kill them! If they knew what you were doing, they would look at you with thankful eyes.'

However, it wasn't easy to get rid of this strange feeling.

Even though Nick knew that what he was doing was for the good of the Dregs, he still felt like some kind of monster.

Eventually, the four of them reached the marketplace.

It was empty.

Naturally, everyone had already heard about the group of people coming, and they had already scattered like roaches.

It didn't matter what power one had in the Dregs.

Children, adults, merchants, rapists, murderers, gang members, or whatever.

Everyone was equally helpless when the guards or Zephyx Extractors came.

Nick led the three guards past the marketplace into a relatively small alleyway.

The alleyway was so small that the hearse didn't even fit into it.

"You can leave it here," Nick said, turning to the guy pulling the hearse.

The guard just nodded and waited at the entrance of the alleyway with his hearse.

A moment later, he took out a small azure bottle.

"Really, Johnny?" one of the guards asked with annoyance. "We're working right now!"

The guard gritted his teeth and put the bottle into his pockets again. "Sorry, boss."

"Johnny, you really need to keep this addiction under control. I don't want your performance to suffer."

"Don't worry, boss. I know. Sorry," the guard said.

The other guard sighed and turned to Nick. "Sorry for this."

"It's fine," Nick said as he led the two guards deeper into the alleyway.

When they were gone, Johnny took out the azure bottle again and unplugged it.

The next moment, he bit down on a part of his lower lip so hard that it started bleeding.

Then, he put one of his fingers into the bottle and carefully took out some blue dust, which he then placed on the bleeding part of his lip.

His body started to shake in place, and a pained expression appeared on Johnny's face.

Yet, there was also deep happiness visible on his face.

A minute later, he stopped shaking.

CRKSH!

He bit his lip again and put another bit of blue dust on it.

Meanwhile, Nick led the two guards behind him to an unnoticeable wall of a seemingly random building.

Nick pushed on it a bit, but it didn't move.

This was the entrance to the Riker Striker's headquarters.

Naturally, after gathering information in the Dregs for over six weeks, Nick had learned where the headquarters of all the different gangs were.

'Locked,' Nick thought emotionlessly.

"Step back," Nick said.

The two guards took a couple of steps back.

"Turn around. I don't want to show you my ability," Nick added.

The two guards looked at each other but turned around after.

There was no reason for Nick to kill them.

After staying silent for a couple of seconds, Nick felt his ability activate.

Since Nick was a Late Newbie, his body was about 3.4 times as powerful as the average human male, and with his ability active, it was around 17 times as powerful.

If he wanted, Nick could lift a stone that weighed over a ton over his head.

But instead, Nick grabbed the side of the plate and pulled with all his power.

CRRRRK!

The screws and nails exploded off the plate, and the plate was thrown to the side.

The sound was extremely violent and loud, and when the guards heard it, their entire bodies jerked in shock.

It sounded like something huge had just broken through a metallic wall!

The two of them quickly turned around, but they just saw Nick standing in front of an open corridor.

When the two of them saw the many small holes in the wall and the bent metallic plate on the side, they took deep breaths through their teeth.

They couldn't do something like that!

Even though they were guards, they were still just humans.

Once more, they were reminded of how scary Zephyx Extractors were.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 68 – Creating Corpses
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick just gestured towards the open corridor with his head and entered.

The two guards took another deep breath and followed him.

Luckily, the Zephyx Extractor was not their enemy.

Shortly after entering, two tall men walked out of one of the doors at the side of the corridor.

Based on their lack of clothing, Nick could tell that they had probably been asleep until now.

"What the f-"

BANG!

Before the first guy could finish speaking, Nick casually extended his hand to his face and shoved his head into the metallic wall.

CRACK!

The loud sound of something hard cracking echoed throughout the corridor, and the other guy's eyes widened in terror.

He immediately took out a long metallic pipe and lifted it in front of him in terror.

Nick quickly arrived in front of him and grabbed the pipe.

The man felt like a giant was pushing the pipe to the side.

The next moment, Nick grabbed the guy's shoulder and shoved him to the ground.

The man couldn't even resist.

The man was quite big and powerful by the Dregs' standards, which meant he was about 85 kilos with a low body fat percentage.

That put him at a bit above average for normal human standards.

And Nick?

Well, if one were to use the guy as a reference, Nick would be a man weighing about 240 kilos with a low body fat percentage.

That was an amount of muscle that nearly no normal human had ever accomplished in their life.

Maybe after a lifetime of brutal training while being over 210 centimeters tall.

And yet, all of that power was condensed into a frame that was barely 175 centimeters tall.

Without thinking much about it, being 3.4 times as powerful as an average man didn't seem that impressive, but when put into actual numbers, it was actually a terrifying amount of power.

As soon as the man was pushed to the ground, Nick grabbed the man's head and twisted it until he heard several violent cracks.

Nick wasn't used to killing people, but he knew that he just needed to create enough cracks at important places to kill someone.

Nick grabbed one of the guys and casually threw the body towards the entrance.

The two guards sidestepped the body as they looked at it with lifted eyebrows.

"Keep an eye on them," Nick said.

"Eh… sure," one of them said absentmindedly as he kept looking at the body beside his feet.

Nick nodded and went into one of the rooms where one of the guys had come out.

Inside, Nick saw a couple of bunk beds.

On one of the beds, Nick saw a guy rubbing his head in annoyance before looking towards the door.

Nick walked towards the bunk bed as the eyes of the guy followed him in confusion.

With a jump, Nick jumped on top of the bunk bed, his two hands surrounding the guy's neck.

Then, Nick squeezed.

Nick felt several pops with his hands as the man's expression became terrified.

The man's hands and feet tried to punch and kick Nick, but the man felt like he was hitting a wall.

In a last-ditch effort, the man tried to reach for Nick's eyes, but Nick just moved his head out of the way until the guy went limp.

Just to make sure, Nick twisted the head of the guy until there was nearly no resistance anymore.

Killing someone wasn't difficult if one had a lot of physical strength.

Then, Nick heard some clamoring and saw someone jump out of one of the beds, bolting for the door.

BANG!

The bunkbed Nick was kneeling on exploded as he shot toward the person.

The man barely managed to get out of the door before Nick managed to grab his arm, at which point the guy was pulled back into the room.

Again, Nick just bent the guy's head until it lost its connection to the neck.

Since there was no one else running away, Nick threw the two bodies to the entrance under the interested gazes of the two guards.

Next, Nick went back into the room and looked at it more closely.

"NO PLEASE!"

BANG!

When Nick opened one of the closets, he found a man cowering and screaming in it.

A kick to the face silenced him quickly.

To make sure, Nick cracked the neck of the guy a bit.

That had been the last person in the room.

After throwing that corpse onto the other corpses, Nick entered another room.

This room also had three bunkbeds, but Nick saw nobody in them.

He looked around a bit and didn't see any other exit out of the room.

CRACK!

Nick closed the door and bent the door hinge until the door couldn't be opened anymore.

Then, he began to search the room.

"AAAAAAHHHH!"

He found a guy under a bed.

A kick and a crack silenced him.

When Nick opened one of the closets again, he saw a terrified man cowering on the ground.

Surprisingly, the man neither moved nor screamed.

He was just looking at Nick with widely opened eyes.

Nick slowly moved his hand towards the guy's head as he watched Nick in terror.

BANG!

After ramming the guy's head on the side of the closet, Nick separated the neck from its skull again to make sure.

A minute later, Nick finished looking through the room.

There was nobody else.

But then, Nick furrowed his brows.

Right now, Nick silently stood in the middle of the room.

Yet, his ability hadn't reactivated.

Nick moved around the room a bit and stopped for three seconds at seemingly random locations.

Sometimes, Nick's ability reactivated before deactivating again.

Eventually, Nick looked up.

There was a rusty grate above him.

Nick jumped up, grabbed the grate, and pulled it out of the ceiling.

Immediately, Nick heard frantic sounds coming from above him.

When Nick's head entered the new hole in the ceiling, he saw a guy trying to crawl away in some kind of ventilation shaft.

After going into the shaft, Nick grabbed the man's feet and pulled him back.

"AAAAHHHH! HELP ME!"

The man's nails broke off as he desperately tried to stop himself from getting pulled backward, leaving bloody lines on the walls.

Some seconds later, the door to the room exploded, and Nick threw the corpses into the corridor.

The guards looked at the corpses with neutral expressions and pulled them to the other ones.

"I need one more," Nick said neutrally before going deeper into the hideout.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 69 – Right Thing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A minute later, the body of a young man was thrown onto the corpse pile by Nick.

"Alright, I'm done," Nick said as he released a sigh.

The leading guard nodded. "You want to keep the corpses, right?" he asked.

Nick wordlessly nodded.

"Alright, we'll put them on the hearse and calculate the price back in the outpost," he said.

Nick nodded again as he walked past them.

When Nick exited the corridor, he looked back.

He saw one of the guards putting one of the corpses on the shoulders of the other guard, but Nick wasn't consciously taking note of that.

Right now, Nick's thoughts were completely elsewhere.

'I did the right thing, right?' Nick thought.

'The Riker Strikers are a horrible gang that rape and kill people all the time without contributing anything.'

'The Hub brings a lot of jobs and keeps the gangs in check.'

'The Peddlers are the reason why there are so many people in the Dregs in the first place since they bring in a huge portion of the food.'

'The Insurance Gang gives people a way to protect their belongings from others.'

'All of them contribute to the Dregs.'

'But the Riker Strikers don't contribute anything.'

'They just steal, rob, rape, and murder.'

At that moment, one of the guards walked past Nick with one of the corpses on his shoulders.

Nick didn't look at the corpse, but he felt like the corpse was looking at him with its widely opened and dead eyes.

Nick's mind replayed the things he had seen inside the corridor.

Screaming people.

Terrified people.

And yet, Nick only felt like he had gotten rid of some pests.

They obviously were people, but Nick only viewed them as roaches or rats.

In a way, these "people" were even worse than rats and roaches since those could actually be eaten.

Nick felt like he was supposed to feel more.

They were still humans, right?

Wasn't he supposed to feel something while killing humans?

At that point, Nick was reminded of the first time he had killed someone.

When Nick was just 13, he had been close to starving, and due to sheer luck, he somehow managed to kill a rat.

When Nick had just taken his first bite, a gruff and tall woman pushed him away and grabbed the rat.

At that moment, Nick had been filled with panic, and he had used all his power to push the woman when she had turned her back to him.

Surprisingly, the woman had been sent flying, and she landed on a very rusty grate, which broke.

A moment later, she screamed in terror as she fell into the sewers.

The young Nick just looked with terror at the hole in the ground.

He didn't dare to look into it.

He only heard the sounds of many smaller things also falling into the water and the woman's screams becoming shriller and hoarser.

Soon, the screams vanished, and a minute later, a rat walked out of the hole.

"Thanks," the rat said with a smirk as it stopped in front of Nick. "You can have this body as a reward. If you ever need food, you can just throw another person into the sewers."

And then, the rat just collapsed.

The following days had been the most horrible of Nick's life.

Sleeping had become extremely difficult.

Eating had become difficult.

Working had become difficult.

Living had become difficult.

Nick had been haunted by his memories of that day for weeks.

Yet, in a certain way, the memories had helped him.

Nick had feared confronting the memories so much that he had become active during every waking moment.

He feared the silence that allowed him to think and did everything to avoid it.

This resulted in Nick's body becoming stronger and in him getting more money by working more.

And eventually, Nick had learned to live with everything.

Finally, when Nick had finished his third assassination mission from the Hub, he had made his peace with that event.

Nick had never been a fan of killing, but he needed money to survive and to build a future, which was why he had accepted these missions.

It was something that he simply had to do and get through.

Beggars literally couldn't be choosers.

"Sir, we're done."

Nick was pulled out of his memories as one of the guards called him.

He turned to the entrance of the alleyway and saw the hearse completely filled.

The next moment, Nick threw one last glance at the entrance of the corridor.

'I did the right thing,' he told himself in his mind.

After shaking his head to regain his bearings, Nick went to the hearse.

"Let's return," he said.

"Of course, sir," the leading guard said.

By now, the second guard had joined the third guard in pulling the hearse since it had become quite a bit heavier.

The four of them traveled through the Dregs in absolute silence.

They didn't speak, and nothing in their vicinity made any noise.

It was almost like they were traveling through a ruin.

Eventually, they entered the Outer City.

More people appeared on the streets, but when they saw the hearse, they just held their noses and avoided walking near the hearse.

A couple minutes later, the four of them arrived at the outpost of the guards.

The hearse was parked outside the entrance while the four of them entered.

Nick was led into a separate office, and the leading guard took out several sheets of paper.

After reading all the sheets of paper and explaining them to Nick, the guard gave Nick a couple of them to sign.

Nick signed all of them, and the guard put them away.

"And that's all. Thank you, sir," the guard said with a polite smile.

Nick nodded and stood up. "Thank you as well."

"No thanks necessary. Just doing my job."

Nick nodded again and left the office.

"Please, bring back the hearse by tomorrow," the leading guard shouted before Nick closed the door.

After exiting the outpost, Nick looked at the hearse filled with bodies.

Some seconds later, he wordlessly took hold of the hearse and began to pull.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 70 – Sustainable Help
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Nick traveled through the Outer City, people kept avoiding him due to the hearse he was pulling.

A couple of minutes later, Nick arrived in front of Dark Dream's warehouse and entered through one of the big gates.

The sound of the rusty wheels echoed throughout the entire warehouse.

Just when Nick put the hearse down, the door to Wyntor's office opened.

It was barely five p.m., and Wyntor was still here.

When Wyntor saw the hearse with the leaking blood, he took a deep breath, but he didn't let Nick see it.

Even though Wyntor had been raised to become a ruthless businessman, seeing a small hill of corpses was still shocking to him.

Wyntor slowly walked over and stopped two meters away from the hearse as Nick stepped to the side.

"They are all members of the Riker Strikers?" Wyntor asked.

Nick nodded. "They were all staying in the headquarters, and they are all pretty muscular and big."

Wyntor absentmindedly nodded as he kept looking at the hill. "And you're sure Riker won't take revenge?"

"You were the one that assured me he wouldn't," Nick answered.

Wyntor took another deep breath.

"Right, sorry," he answered absentmindedly before looking away from the hearse.

"This is a good thing," Nick said, looking at Wyntor. "The Riker Strikers are a plague upon the Dregs."

"Nick," Wyntor said with a slightly annoyed tone. "Don't be disingenuous."

"We killed them for money. Nothing more and nothing less."

When Nick heard that, he narrowed his eyes. "Maybe that's true for you, but I genuinely care about the Dregs. If the Riker Strikers weren't such a massive nuisance, I would have never killed them."

"And then what?" Wyntor asked. "Yes, you wouldn't have killed anyone else, but that's only because not enough time has passed."

Nick wanted to protest, but he didn't interrupt Wyntor.

"You've searched for six weeks with no results, and you grew desperate. If the Riker Strikers didn't exist, you wouldn't have killed anyone."

"But what after another four weeks or another ten weeks?"

"When would you have become desperate and frustrated enough to kill people from another gang?" Wyntor asked.

"Wyntor, you're evaluating me with your standards," Nick answered. "I have killed people before, but only when it was necessary or when there was a good reason."

"I am richer than 95% of all people living in the Outer City, and I am well on my way as a Zephyx Extractor."

"Acting like I need to kill someone to survive while having this much wealth is something I can never accept," Nick explained.

"And yet, you just killed nine people," Wyntor countered.

"Because I finally have the power to make a difference," Nick answered with a dark voice. "I am finally rich and powerful enough to change the lives of others for the better."

"Wyntor, my goal is not to just become fat and rich but to improve the lives of the people around me," Nick argued.

"Since when?"

Nick furrowed his brows. "What do you mean since when?"

"Since when?" Wyntor repeated. "When we were on the search for the Dreamer, you told me that you just wanted to have a better life."

"You never said you wanted to improve the lives of the people around you."

Silence.

Surprisingly, Nick didn't immediately answer.

"Since when, huh?" Nick repeated as he looked up with furrowed brows.

Wyntor didn't interrupt Nick's thoughts.

Nick thought back to his three days of vacation with Horua.

Back then, Nick's goal hadn't been to improve the lives of other people.

When Nick had worked with the Dreamer, he also hadn't thought about the lives of others.

When Nick had been searching for the next Specter, he also hadn't thought about others.

'And yet, I feel like I want to change things,' Nick thought.

'I feel like I should do something to improve the general quality of life of the people in the Dregs.'

'When did that happen?'

Silence.

Eventually, Nick reached an answer, but he didn't like it.

'When I decided to kill the Riker Strikers,' Nick thought. 'That was when I made my choice.'

Nick looked down.

'Is Wyntor right? Am I just saying this because I want a justification?'

'I was growing frustrated, and when the frustration hit a high point, I suddenly found a solution to my frustration while also conveniently finding a moral justification.'

'What if I wouldn't have gained anything out of this? What if I weren't allowed to keep the corpses?'

'Would I still have done this?'

Silence.

Nick kept thinking.

'As things are now, no.'

'However, that's because of the price for killing them.'

'I want to help the people, but 5,000 credits to kill a person is just too high of a price.'

'If I wouldn't need to pay 5,000 credits for every person I kill, I genuinely believe I would kill the Riker Strikers to improve the Dregs.'

'Yes, I want to improve the lives of others!'

'I always lamented that so many powerful people didn't give a shit about improving the world and just kept consuming more and more to become fatter and fatter while we poor people suffered.'

'I always wanted to change things, but I never felt like I had the power.'

'But now, I am slowly attaining this power.'

'I refuse to become one of these people who forget their past struggles!'

'I refuse to have this mindset that, since I am now the one in power, I have a moral justification to do the same thing that has been done to me in the past to others!'

'I will improve the lives of others!'

The next moment, Nick narrowed his eyes and looked at the hearse.

'But it has to be sustainable. If I can't keep my power, I lose the power to help others.'

'The stronger I get, the more people I can help.'

'But it's important that I never lose this mindset!'

The next moment, Nick turned to Wyntor.

"Thanks, I needed that."

Wyntor just raised an eyebrow.

He wasn't quite sure what Nick meant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 71 – Silent Work
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick explained what he had been thinking about to Wyntor, who just looked at Nick with a skeptical expression.

"So, you're actually serious?" Wyntor asked. "You actually want to improve the lives of the people of the Dregs?"

Nick nodded without hesitation.

"Why?" Wyntor asked. "They've never done anything for you. From what I've heard, all of them didn't care about you, and many of them even wanted to steal your things. Why would you want to sacrifice the stuff you earned to help people like them?"

"It's the system, not the individual person," Nick said. "If there were no taxes, the number of violent crimes would drop significantly. If the people had access to better food, they wouldn't need to fight others for valuable nutrients."

"Yes, there are many people that are unnecessarily cruel and extremely selfish. Naturally, these people don't deserve to get a better life."

"But I can't judge all of the poor people because some of them are monsters."

"Just like how I can't call all the rich people monsters because they are not helping us."

"Right now, the people in the Dregs suffer, and some of them can improve their lives."

"However, I want it the other way around."

"I want everyone to have a good life, and if they do bad stuff, their lives will worsen."

"I think everyone deserves a chance, and I want to do my best to make this possible."

Wyntor still looked at Nick with a skeptical expression. "That's a tall order, you know?"

Nick nodded. "I know. If I want to help everyone in the Dregs on such a fundamental level, I probably need to become as powerful as Albert, at least. Maybe even more powerful."

"But, at least then, my power has actual value and meaning."

Wyntor rubbed his chin as he looked at Nick.

"So, in short, you want to become much stronger. Power is the source that allows you to realize your dreams, right?" he asked.

"I guess you could put it like that," Nick said with a nod.

"Alright," Wyntor said.

The next moment, Wyntor sighed.

"I'm happy to hear that, you know?"

This time, it was Nick who looked at Wyntor with skepticism. "Why?"

"I was afraid that you would become complacent," Wyntor said with a laugh. "You always told me that you just want a better life. I was afraid that you would take it easy as soon as your livelihood became secure."

"But since you now have such a grand goal, you probably have no reason to become complacent."

Nick scratched the back of his head in embarrassment. "Yeah, I guess so."

Wyntor nodded. "Alright. Then, let's deal with the corpses."

Nick nodded with a smile.

"I've sent Pator home for today, Jenny is currently working, and Trevor won't be here for several hours," Wyntor said. "They have also not been informed about our decision to give the Parasite a couple of corpses, and I want to keep it that way."

"Working with the Parasite is illegal, and if we are found out, Crimson Fungus City will crack down on us. I will be able to get through this thanks to my family, but you won't survive. I hope you understand how important this is," Wyntor said.

Nick nodded solemnly. "I fully understand. I also don't want to die."

Wyntor nodded back in mutual understanding.

"Bring them over," Wyntor said as he walked around the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

Nick pulled the hearse behind him and followed Wyntor.

Near the back of the warehouse, Wyntor stopped.

Wyntor kneeled down and pointed at one of the shiny metal plates on the ground. "Since we want to keep this a secret, I can't commission someone to create easy access to the sewers, which means you have to do it."

"I've already looked at the blueprints of the warehouse, and I've seen where all the important pipes and cables go through. There should be nothing important below this place, which is why I want to make this the entrance to the sewers."

Nick nodded and walked over to the plate.

"To make the warehouse stable, the screws have been welded onto the metal plates, making it effectively impossible to remove them," Wyntor said as he pointed at one of the screws.

"I want you to tear them out without breaking them. I don't want there to be any signs."

Nick nodded. "Of course."

Wyntor also nodded and left Nick to work.

Nick needed his ability active for this.

Over the next 30 minutes, Nick removed the screws carefully.

It was extremely difficult to remove them without destroying the welding covering their edges.

Nevertheless, by carefully rotating them, Nick managed to keep the welding on the screws while removing it from the plate itself.

When he was done, he called Wyntor back, who nodded in appreciation.

"Good work," Wyntor said. "Now, slowly remove it."

Nick removed all the screws one by one and carefully put them to the side.

Then, he slowly lifted the plate.

The plate wasn't that heavy, which was why Nick didn't need his ability.

After removing the plate, Nick saw a small and dark crawlspace with another set of plates.

Luckily, the second set of plates was not welded shut, but the plates were far bigger and heavier.

Each plate weighed over 400 kilos.

Wyntor left so that Nick's ability could reactivate, and over the next ten minutes, Nick managed to take one of the massive plates off.

As soon as the plate was pushed to the side, the horrible stench of the sewers entered the warehouse.

'We'll have to deal with the stench,' Nick thought. 'Luckily, nobody's here right now.'

Nick called Wyntor back, and when Wyntor saw the disgusting black abyss, he took a deep breath.

Since they were not in the Dregs, there were no grates that let light enter the sewers, which meant that the sewers below the warehouse were pitch black.

Luckily, since the warehouse had many small holes in its ceiling, the light from the warehouse also reached the sewers, creating an isolated beam of light in a seemingly eternity of darkness.

"Call him," Wyntor said.

Nick nodded.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 72 – Trade Negotiations
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, Parasite," Nick half-shouted. "I'm here for our trade."

Silence.

Nothing.

No answer came.

Nick looked at Wyntor with furrowed brows.

Splash!

Finally, a splash came from below them, and the two of them saw the head of a rat poking out of the water below them.

"This better be worth it," the rat said. "It takes a lot of energy to get a body through the Eternal's domain."

While Specters weren't targeted by the Nightmare, their minions were.

However, someone as powerful as the Parasite had some ways to get his minion through a corridor of darkness.

"I got the nine corpses," Nick said.

The rat seemed quite surprised when it heard that. "You do?" it asked in surprise.

Nick nodded. "Yes, I do, but I want the location of a useful Specter that I can actually handle."

"Sure, sure!" the rat said quickly. "I already know exactly which one to give you, and I am absolutely certain that you will like this one."

Nick furrowed his brows and looked at Wyntor.

Wyntor nodded.

"Good," Nick said. "Then, do we just dump the corpses in here?"

"Hmmm, can you send them down somewhere else?" the rat asked. "Getting that many of my minions here costs a lot of energy."

"No, we can't," Wyntor said from the side. "You know better than anyone else that nobody is allowed to help you. I can justify taking the corpses here because we are a Zephyx Manufacturer, and many Specters need corpses, but I can't justify taking them somewhere else."

"I'm not going to risk my business unnecessarily."

The rat didn't seem happy at all.

"If I get enough of my minions here to consume the corpse, I need to expend over 30% of the resources I would get from them. That means I would only get six instead of nine corpses, which means I need another four or five corpses to make this a fair trade," the rat said.

"How you transport the corpses is not our problem," Wyntor said. "You told my employee, when you made the offer, that he only needs to dump the corpses into the sewers. You did not specify where and at what time to do it."

"Based on your offer, we can dump the corpses, all at once, without informing you, into a pit of pure darkness as long as it is within the sewer's domain."

"Frankly, your logistical issues are not relevant to this negotiation," Wyntor said.

The rat really didn't like what it was hearing.

"Are you going to miss out on a Specter just because you don't want to get four more corpses real quick?" the rat asked.

"Are you?" Wyntor answered. "You're the one going back on your word."

"I'm not going back on my word!" the Parasite shouted in anger. "You are effectively only giving me six corpses instead of nine! You're scamming me!"

"No, we are not," Wyntor answered calmly but firmly. "We are the procurers of the corpses, and we are selling them at wholesale. There's a reason why the actual merchants generally ask for 30% more. If you sell the corpses to your customers, you will get the worth of nine corpses out of them."

"What are you even talking about?!" the rat shouted. "I'm not a fucking merchant!"

"So?" Wyntor answered. "We are the producers of said corpses. If you are not willing to sell them for more, that's not our problem. The trade agreement stands. Now, do you want the corpses right now?"

The rat seemed like it was about to die of anger. "Fine!" it shouted. "But I will remember this for the future."

"You are free to make us a new offer after fulfilling this one," Wyntor calmly answered. "You might be our best option for obtaining information regarding Specters right now, but if your offer is too disadvantageous for us, you will lose this position."

"At some point, creating an Investigator team or buying Specters from other Manufacturers might be more cost-effective than accepting your offers."

"In the end, it's up to you," Wyntor said evenly.

The rat just glared at Wyntor without saying anything for several seconds.

"Like father like son," the rat grumbled. "Fine!"

"Give me some minutes."

"Of course," Wyntor answered before looking away from the dark hole.

While they were waiting, Nick saw Wyntor leaning away from the hole and sighing in relief.

Nick was quite surprised when he saw that.

Just now, Wyntor had seemed extremely confident and in control, but as soon as he was outside the Parasite's perception, he lost all that confidence.

"Ready the corpses," Wyntor said as he casually motioned for Nick to bring the hearse.

"Of course," Nick answered as he pulled over the hearse.

Then, a couple of minutes of silence passed.

"I'm ready."

Nick and Wyntor looked into the hole again.

Even though they had been prepared, a cold shudder still ran down their backs when they saw the heads of over a hundred rats poking out of the water.

"Alright," Nick answered. "Want them one by one or all at once?"

"One by one," one of the rats said.

Nick stood up, grabbed one of the corpses, and hurled it into the hole.

SPLASH!

When the corpse hit the water, Nick saw the rats all jumping onto it with fervor.

Nick didn't notice it, but the Parasite's anger nearly vanished at this moment.

The Parasite had only asked for corpses, which meant that Nick could have also thrown in a malnourished little girl, which wouldn't have given the Parasite a lot of energy.

However, the corpse that Nick had thrown in was of a big and muscular man.

That was a high-quality corpse for the Parasite.

And when Nick dumped the other corpses, the Parasite actually felt like he was lucky.

All of these corpses were high-quality corpses!

The Parasite even had to get over more rats since the corpses were so big.

Eventually, all but one of the rats left.

"Well?" Wyntor asked.

The rat looked at Wyntor with a wide grin.

"I'll keep my word."

"I'll tell you. You're going to love this one!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 73 – Possession Specter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Wyntor were listening to the Parasite intently.

"You're going to love this," the Parasite said. "This Specter is easy to capture, easy to find, and easy to work with."

Wyntor looked at the Parasite with furrowed brows. "That sounds a bit too good to be true."

"And it would be," the rat shouted, "but you guys are in luck."

"The Specter I'm going to tell you about is my competition, and I want to get rid of him. If he weren't eating so many of my corpses, I would never give his location to anyone for just ten corpses."

Wyntor just gestured for the Parasite to continue.

"I'm calling him the Screaming Coffin," the Parasite said.

"Screaming Coffin?" Wyntor repeated. "Does this mean what I think it means?"

"Yep!" the rat said with a smile. "It's a Possession Specter, the very thing all of you Zephyx Manufacturers want."

Wyntor looked at the rat with a suspicious expression. "And you're going to hand that Specter to us just like that?"

"Well," the Parasite slowly said. "Why not view it as a nice favor from me for our future negotiations?"

"Sure," Wyntor slowly said with an uncertain tone. "So, where is this Screaming Coffin, and what does it do?"

"Right here," the rat said. "In fact, you're not even 30 meters away from it."

This surprised Nick and Wyntor, and they looked around.

Sadly, since the sewers were so dark, they couldn't see much.

"This guy eats the same stuff as me, human corpses," the rat said, "but he takes way longer to digest them, and he isn't very fast."

"The Screaming Coffin is moving around the bottom of the sewers, and whenever he finds a corpse, he swims toward it and consumes it."

"While the guy is just a Hatchling, I can't overwhelm him with just my minions, which is why I have to give him corpses from time to time. In fact, I had to protect the corpses you guys gave me quite fiercely just now since he wanted them very badly."

When Nick heard about the Screaming Coffin, he furrowed his brows.

Sure, a Possession Specter was the best Specter possible for Zephyx extraction.

They didn't run away.

They didn't fight back.

They were easy to work with.

A Possession Specter essentially represented free money for a Zephyx Manufacturer.

However, there was one bad thing.

One couldn't attune one's Zephyx Synchronizer to a Possession Specter.

This meant that Nick's issue still wasn't solved.

He still needed a Specter that had a high compatibility with his ability.

"How powerful is it?" Wyntor asked while Nick was thinking about the issue with his ability.

"Not at all," the Parasite said with a dismissing tone. "He has a couple of grabby tendrils, but Nick should easily be strong enough to resist it. Especially since he doesn't technically have a perception since he's just an object."

"In fact, if Nick isn't careful, he might accidentally rip the poor guy into two."

All of this sounded too good to be true, and Nick still felt suspicious.

Was the Parasite planning something?

"Thank you," Wyntor said from the side. "We will be capturing the Screaming Coffin in a couple of days."

"In a couple of days?" the Parasite repeated. "Why not now? The guy is literally below me."

"You said the Screaming Coffin consumes corpses, correct?" Wyntor asked.

The rat nodded.

"And we just procured nine corpses. However, we don't have these corpses anymore."

"If we capture the Screaming Coffin right now, it needs corpses to stay placated, but if we go out and immediately get even more corpses after getting so many just hours ago, the guards might suspect us."

"So, we have to act like we already have the Screaming Coffin and that the nine corpses went to it."

"Because of that, I want to wait for three to five days before capturing it."

The rat didn't seem happy, but the Parasite understood Wyntor's decision.

"Fine," the Parasite answered. "Just call me when you need his location, but don't call me just to chat. Getting one of my minions to this isolated location wastes too much energy, and if I'm getting called for some dumb reasons, I might start charging you for my consultations."

"Of course," Wyntor said. "Thank you for the trade, and we will be calling for you when it's time to capture the Screaming Coffin."

"Sure," the rat said before diving into the water and vanishing.

The next moment, Wyntor turned to Nick. "Close everything up. No one must know what happened."

Nick was pulled out of his thoughts and nodded.

After a couple of minutes, everything had been put back, and Nick looked at Wyntor again.

"I still need a proper Specter for my Ability Advancement," Nick said.

"I know," Wyntor said, "but it's actually extremely good that we got a Possession Specter this time."

A smile appeared on Wyntor's face. "The Screaming Coffin probably produces a lot of Zephyx since it is consuming human corpses. Specters that consume humans tend to produce a lot of Zephyx in very little time."

"With it and the Dreamer, we will be producing a great amount of Zephyx every day, which will allow us to buy more advanced things."

"Your advancement is still over a year away, and we have plenty of time to accumulate wealth during that time," Wyntor said. "Don't forget that there are not only Specters roaming around that we humans haven't found yet but that there are also ones that are simply too troublesome to capture and contain."

"With enough money, we might even be able to get a Containment Unit for a Force Specter," Wyntor said with a smirk.

Nick's eyebrows rose in positive surprise.

If Nick could also choose from some Force Specters, his number of choices would improve tremendously.

In the end, Nick accepted that getting a Possession Specter was a good thing.

Best of all, Nick probably didn't even need to hire more Zephyx Extractors for the new Specter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 74 – One More
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After getting rid of all the different signs that pointed towards a trade with the Parasite, Nick left the warehouse again and dealt with Horua.

By now, Nick had become completely used to dealing with Horua, and he had found his rhythm.

Since it had been three months, Horua had grown by quite a bit. Nick even needed to buy him some new clothes.

Sadly, Horua had not yet shown any signs of getting better.

A couple of days ago, Nick had taken Jenny to Horua to see if she could do something with the ability she had gotten from the Dreamer.

When Jenny had seen how old Horua was, she had been extremely shocked.

Nick had always seemed like an extremely competent and friendly boss.

But now, she was confronted with the fact that Nick had essentially thrown a child in front of the Dreamer.

This didn't fit Jenny's image of Nick at all.

Nevertheless, she couldn't ignore the proof right in front of her.

After Horua went to sleep, Jenny tried to view his dreams.

But there weren't any.

According to Jenny, Horua simply wasn't dreaming at all.

The two of them asked Wyntor about this the next day. After all, Wyntor had been taught a lot by the tutors his family had hired.

Wyntor said that, normally, dreaming was simply the brain of a person reorganizing the memories they had written down that day, which was also why almost all dreams were somehow related to some thoughts one had had during that day.

The fact that Horua wasn't dreaming actually wasn't very surprising.

After all, Horua didn't perceive anything, which meant that he most likely didn't create new memories.

So, he also didn't dream.

There was simply nothing to dream about.

When Nick heard that, he could only sigh.

He wanted to help Horua.

Horua had been in this state for a quarter of a year, and Nick knew that this wasn't a life worth living.

Would he wake up on his own?

The doctor said it was possible.

But what if he wouldn't?

Should he simply ask the Dreamer to wake Horua up?

But what if that caused even more pain to Horua?

What if Horua would have simply woken up a week later?

For now, Nick decided against using the Dreamer and continued caring for Horua.

Over the next couple of days, Nick only traveled between Horua and the warehouse.

He didn't return to the Dregs to search for another Specter.

Nick had to act like they had already caught a Specter.

Four days after the trade with the Parasite, it was time.

During the late hours, Nick went into the warehouse.

Even though the sun always shone, most people still slept during the night.

Horua had also already gone to sleep, which meant that Nick could stay outside for around four hours before he had to check up on Horua again.

After entering the warehouse, Nick waited for Wyntor, who showed up just a couple of minutes later.

At this moment, it was shortly after midnight.

"You ready?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "Get the corpse," he said before handing Nick a token.

It was a special token that gave Nick permission to "create and collect" one corpse in the Dregs.

Nick took the token and left the warehouse.

During these hours, there were not many people on the streets, and the city felt almost dead.

After some minutes, Nick entered the Dregs.

As soon as he arrived, he jumped on top of one building and quietly moved from rooftop to rooftop.

Nick didn't want to be perceived while also having a good vantage point.

He was searching for a fitting corpse.

For the next couple of minutes, Nick saw a couple of groups of people walking around, but he didn't pay them any mind.

They weren't doing anything shady.

Nick also saw a couple of gatherings, but that was also quite normal.

Many of the people of the Dregs didn't feel safe at night, which was why some of them created small groups, and some of these people kept watch over the houses during the night.

After a couple more minutes, Nick saw a small group of men covertly moving through the alleys.

When he saw them, Nick paid special attention to them.

The way they were sneaking around was suspicious.

But after a bit of watching, Nick realized that they were just a small squad from the Insurance Gang.

The Insurance Gang regularly walked through the Dregs to advertise their services.

These groups often held hundreds, if not thousands, of credits in their palms, which was why they were sneaking around like this.

When he found out that they were from the Insurance Gang, Nick ignored them again.

Some minutes later, Nick saw a woman breaking into a house.

Nick didn't care.

Then, he saw a couple of men having sex with a woman in an alleyway.

The woman didn't seem into it, but she also didn't seem too opposed, which was why Nick also ignored that.

Finally, 30 minutes after arriving in the Dregs, Nick found something interesting.

There was a tall 25-year-old woman walking through some alleyways.

Usually, Nick wouldn't care, but something made this very relevant to him.

The woman was wearing the badge of the Riker Strikers.

When Nick saw her with the badge, he hesitated for a bit.

But in the end, he knew that someone who chose to become part of the Riker Strikers couldn't possibly be a good person.

So, Nick jumped down from one of the rooftops and landed on her head with his knee.

Her brains splattered across the streets and dirtied Nick's clothing.

However, Nick just grabbed the corpse and jumped onto one of the rooftops again.

Some minutes later, Nick arrived in the Outer City, and when a guard looked at him, Nick simply threw the token he had received to him.

The guard looked at it, nodded, and followed Nick.

When they arrived at the warehouse, the guard left.

Inside the warehouse, Nick and Wyntor looked at each other.

And then, they nodded in understanding.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 75 – Screaming Coffin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick slowly opened the plates again, and a couple minutes later, they once more looked into the sewers.

Just like the last time, the sun illuminated a big spot on the surface.

"Parasite, we're ready!" Wyntor shouted.

The two of them waited for nearly half a minute.

"You're ready?" a rat asked after popping its head out of the water.

Wyntor and Nick nodded.

"We prepared a corpse to lure it out as well," Wyntor said.

The rat just snorted when it heard that. "One last meal in freedom, eh?" the rat commented to itself.

"Sure, that should work," the rat shouted. "The guy is currently roaming around the Dregs below the surface. If he feels a corpse, he will quickly come here."

"Good," Wyntor answered before turning to Nick. "Are you ready?"

Nick nodded and threw a rope down.

The rope unfurled until its end touched the liquid of the sewers.

Naturally, Nick needed a way back into the warehouse, and this rope would be his way out.

Then, Nick and Wyntor looked at the Parasite.

Silence.

"What?" the Parasite asked.

"With you here, I can't use my ability," Nick said. "You know that."

"Pfft, you don't need it," the rat said with a laugh. "The guy is a Possession Specter without a useful ability. Even more, the guy is only an Early Hatchling. Fighting him is like fighting an angry table. Trust me, I'm not going to ruin my future relationship with Dark Dream just to see you die."

Nick furrowed his brows and glanced at Wyntor.

Wyntor just shrugged casually.

"Alright," Nick said carefully.

The next moment, Nick went away from the hole and grabbed the corpse.

Splash!

Nick hurled it into the water, and just a bit later, he saw it float on the surface.

Silence.

20 seconds passed.

"Is it coming?" Nick asked.

"No idea," the rat said. "I tend to keep my minions outside of the water. It's not very healthy for them. But he should be on his way. Give it a minute."

Silence.

The three of them just looked at the floating corpse.

"Oh, there he is!" the rat suddenly said.

The next moment, something white slowly rose out of the sewers beside the corpse.

It was a pristine white bandage!

A moment later, several more strings of bandages rose out from the sewers.

Slowly, they wound themselves around the corpse, and just a bit later, the corpse began to submerge.

Nick took a deep breath and narrowed his eyes.

Then, Nick jumped into the hole.

SPLASH!

Nick hit the water beside one of the bandages, and he immediately grabbed it.

As soon as Nick held it, he felt a strong pull, and he immediately got pulled below the surface.

Naturally, the water was just as disgusting as the last time, but Nick didn't have the luxury of feeling disgusted right now.

He had to capture the Screaming Coffin!

Nick didn't let go of the bandage, and he quickly got pulled more and more into the depths.

Suddenly, several more white bandages appeared, and they started to come towards him slowly.

Luckily, the bandages were very slow. It was almost like the Screaming Coffin didn't feel any urgency or anger.

Which was actually the case.

As a Possession Specter that possessed an object, the Screaming Coffin didn't even really have a consciousness.

It had the same level of consciousness as a cell.

It just followed the most basic instincts.

RIIIP!

Suddenly, one of the bandages was ripped off as Nick pulled on it.

'What?' Nick thought in shock. 'I ripped it already?!'

That was when Nick realized that he was a couple of meters below the surface, which meant that neither Wyntor nor the Parasite could perceive him.

At this moment, Nick's body was over 15 times as powerful as the body of an average adult male, and the Screaming Coffin was only an Early Hatchling.

As soon as Nick ripped the bandage off, the other bandages started to slowly retreat.

Even though the Screaming Coffin had a very basic consciousness, when one of its bandages was ripped off, it still decided to stop its attempt to consume Nick.

'That's problematic,' Nick thought. 'I don't know where it is!'

Nick moved forward and grabbed two of the retreating bandages, but he didn't pull on them.

Instead, he simply kept them in his grasp.

The bandages wanted to slowly retreat, but after a couple of seconds, they started to slowly encompass Nick's arms.

Nick didn't do anything.

Soon, more bandages appeared around his body, and they also started to encompass him.

To make sure that Nick wasn't bound in a problematic position, he kept his arms and legs apart while also keeping all of his muscles flexed.

Even if the Screaming Coffin managed to wrap him in several bandages, all the bandages were still attached at one end, and with a single pull, Nick could tear them off.

Some seconds later, ten different bandages had grabbed Nick's body, and he felt himself get pulled downward.

Luckily, Nick was carrying a bit of Arclight on his waist, which meant that the Nightmare wasn't an issue right now.

10,000 credits was no longer something extremely expensive to Dark Dream.

After getting pulled down for a couple more meters, something appeared.

It was a luxurious black coffin.

At this moment, the coffin was closed, and twelve white bandages came out of the tiny gaps between the body and the lid of the coffin.

Nick looked at the coffin with narrowed eyes.

As Nick got closer, the coffin slowly slid open.

AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!

Immediately, Nick felt like he was looking at an eternal ocean of hate-filled ghosts!

It was like an army of furious and unwilling corpses was screaming at Nick to join them.

They hated being doomed to this eternal existence of suffering, and they had long since lost all of their rationality.

All of them were filled with nothing but pure hatred for anything that didn't share their pain.

Nick's body shook when he heard the hate-filled screams, but he quickly calmed down, and only one thought shot through his mind.

'So, that's why it's called the Screaming Coffin!'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 76 – The Second Specter
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The Screaming Coffin opened fully, and Nick saw a black void inside.

As soon as Nick saw the black void, he knew that he couldn't enter the coffin or he would die.

Power seemed to be irrelevant when encompassed by the Screaming Coffin.

Anything living would be turned into nourishment for the coffin.

Nick slightly moved his arms and felt that he could still use a lot of power.

For a bit, Nick let himself get pulled closer, and when they were only a bit less than two meters apart, Nick became active.

RIIIPP!

Nick immediately ripped his left and right arms free, followed by his legs.

Immediately, the other bandages loosened, and shockingly, they even cut themselves off!

The Screaming Coffin immediately let go of Nick, leaving several parts of Nick's body encased in white bandages.

The Screaming Coffin quickly closed its lid, and when it was fully closed, Nick shot forward.

In an instant, Nick surrounded the closed coffin with his arms. Luckily, it wasn't too big.

The next moment, Nick surrounded the coffin with his legs so that it couldn't run away.

RIIIIPPP!

After that, Nick methodically ripped out all of the white bandages that came out of the gaps.

When the last bandage was cut, the coffin stopped moving. The only bit of life or movement Nick could feel was that it was shaking a bit.

By removing all of the bandages, Nick had turned the Screaming Coffin into something akin to a spider with all of its legs ripped out.

It was alive, but it couldn't move.

Nick carefully switched his hold and looked at it for a bit.

The coffin only lightly shook in place, which meant that it couldn't move anymore.

'I guess that's it?' Nick asked himself doubtfully in his mind.

'That was easy.'

Of course, Nick still realized that this coffin could essentially kill and prey on any normal human.

If it caught one of the members of the Riker Strikers, the man would be helpless.

A normal adult male simply didn't have the power to rip the bandages apart.

But on the other hand, the Screaming Coffin was also very slow.

If the human noticed the coffin before it reached him, they could probably just run away.

However, things were different in the sewers.

No human would be able to feel the Screaming Coffin coming.

In short, it was an ambush predator.

'I guess we have a second Specter now,' Nick thought as he grabbed the bottom of the coffin before lifting it.

Next, Nick swam upward while holding the coffin, and a couple of seconds later, he reached the surface.

First, Nick felt like the coffin had become many times heavier, but that was just Nick's ability deactivating.

When Nick lifted the coffin out of the water, he had to wildly paddle with his legs to keep his head above the water.

"I got it!" Nick shouted, but he immediately regretted shouting as some of the liquid entered his mouth.

"Great work! Bring it up!" Wyntor shouted.

"Nicely done, kid," the rat shouted.

Nick slowly pushed the coffin to the rope and tied a rope around it.

Sadly, there was not a lot of rope, which meant that he couldn't really secure it completely.

"Wyntor, I need you down here to keep the coffin in the loop. I don't think you have the power to pull both of us up," Nick shouted.

Wyntor looked at the sewers with disgust and anxiety, but he just gritted his teeth before nodding.

Wyntor slowly slid down the rope until he reached the coffin.

A disgusted and almost fearful expression appeared on Wyntor's face as he got submerged up to his chest in the sewers.

"Thanks," Nick said before grabbing the rope above Wyntor and easily pulling himself up.

When Nick reached the top, he walked a bit away from the edge and pulled.

Since no one could perceive Nick's exact location right now, his ability reactivated.

On the top, Nick pulled the rope to himself like there was almost nothing connected to it.

In the sewers, Wyntor felt an extremely powerful pull and was immediately lifted out of the sewers.

The coffin wobbled below Wyntor's ass, but he quickly shifted his weight to keep it in the loop.

Some seconds later, Wyntor grabbed the ceiling of the sewers and pulled himself carefully up while still grabbing the coffin with his legs.

Luckily, Wyntor wasn't weak.

In fact, he was a Mid Newbie since he had worked quite a bit with his father's Specters when he was young.

Nick quickly went forward and pulled Wyntor and the Screaming Coffin out.

Without waiting, Nick grabbed the Screaming Coffin and walked over to the Containment Unit in the middle of the warehouse.

They had already moved the Dreamer to its new Containment Unit a couple of days ago.

With Nick, Wyntor, and Jenny present, the Dreamer didn't even attempt to escape.

The Dreamer was now in a smaller Containment Unit, but a far more expensive and advanced one.

And the Screaming Coffin would now inhabit the Dreamer's old Containment Unit.

The alarm rang through the warehouse as the main gate of the Containment Unit was slowly opened.

Nick just walked into the Containment Unit, put the Screaming Coffin on the ground, and walked out again.

After closing the gate, he was done.

The Screaming Coffin was contained, and compared to the Dreamer, this thing was way easier to keep contained.

As long as it had something to eat, it probably wouldn't even move.

"Speaking of," Nick said before going to the hole.

When he looked down, he saw the rat sniffing the corpse they had thrown in earlier to lure out the Screaming Coffin.

"No!" Nick shouted. "I'm still using that!"

"Yeah, sure," the rat said absentmindedly as it retreated from the corpse.

Nick looked at the rope and saw that it was still bound to one of the Containment Units.

The next moment, Nick grabbed the rope and jumped back into the sewers.

Nick held the rope in one hand and grabbed the corpse with the other.

After a bit of shifting his weight, Nick managed to climb the rope with the corpse.

"Thanks!" Nick shouted into the hole.

"Just business!" the rat shouted back.

Then, Nick closed the hole to the sewers.

Finally, they got their second Specter, the Screaming Coffin!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 77 – Watching the Coffin
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After closing the hole to the sewers, Nick walked over to Wyntor.

At this moment, Wyntor was standing near the edge of the warehouse below something that looked like a shower.

The shower head was spewing Cleansing Liquid onto Wyntor, getting rid of all the impurities and the stench.

Such a cleansing shower cost a couple thousand credits, and taking a shower cost around 50 credits, which made the shower quite expensive for normal people.

But as a Zephyx Manufacturer, Dark Dream easily had enough funds for something like this.

A cleansing shower counted amongst the most basic equipment for a Zephyx Manufacturer since it was relatively cheap while also dealing with many risks.

A clean environment was important.

Wyntor deactivated the shower and walked out. Fortunately, one didn't need to take off their clothing for the cleansing shower.

Nick walked past Wyntor and went under the shower himself.

About two minutes later, Nick came out again, and he quickly saw Wyntor dumping a tank of Cleansing Liquid onto the ground.

In an instant, everything began to sizzle, but about 20 seconds later, it stopped.

All the impurities of the ground had been cleaned, but there was still Cleansing Liquid left.

"I'll deal with this," Wyntor said as he grabbed a broom, pushing the remaining Cleansing Liquid towards dirty spots on the ground. "You go deal with the Screaming Coffin."

"Sure," Nick answered, not surprised that Wyntor was essentially cleaning the floor of the warehouse as the CEO.

Usually, this would be Pator's job, but since nobody was allowed to know about what was going on, Wyntor did it himself.

Nick walked over to the corpse he had retrieved and lifted it.

The corpse was leaving some trails of blood and grime, but Nick didn't mind.

Wyntor would deal with it.

A moment later, Nick opened the door to the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and walked in with the corpse.

After entering, Nick saw the Screaming Coffin shaking a bit while tiny pieces of white bandages came out of its edges.

'It has already started recovering,' Nick thought as he looked at the Screaming Coffin.

Nick slowly walked up to the Screaming Coffin and dumped the corpse beside it.

'Now, time to wait,' Nick thought as he looked at the Screaming Coffin.

The next moment, Nick sat down at the far corner, watching.

Nick wanted to see how the Screaming Coffin would consume the corpse.

Additionally, Nick wanted to know how long it would take for the Screaming Coffin to digest the corpse and become active again.

Time passed.

Over the next hour, the bandages grew by about ten centimeters, and the Screaming Coffin was almost able to move again.

An hour later, the Screaming Coffin could finally move again, but it was very slow.

It moved using its bandage-like legs.

In the water, it would probably just slide across the ground, but on land, it had to be careful.

The first thing the Screaming Coffin did was to look around the Containment Unit.

It was almost like an ant under a small glass, trying to climb up all the walls but failing.

Nick was just watching.

Based on what he was seeing, the Screaming Coffin didn't have any kind of perception since it was slowly crawling towards him while also trying to climb the walls.

When the Screaming Coffin's bandage touched Nick's hand, it retreated relatively quickly.

Quickly for the Screaming Coffin, which wasn't very fast by human standards.

While retreating, it still tried to climb the walls, and eventually, it ran around the entire room, reaching Nick's other side.

This time, it didn't immediately retreat.

Its bandages slowly touched Nick's hand and flowed over them.

The next moment, the Screaming Coffin used its white bandages to do something surprising.

With a lot of difficulties, it managed to actually stand up.

At that moment, Nick noticed that the Screaming Coffin was actually quite huge.

It was over two meters tall and over 80 centimeters wide.

The next moment…

AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!

The lid slowly slid open and fell to the side as the screams of the damned filled the Containment Unit.

Since it wasn't underwater this time, the screams were many times louder.

Nick actually felt pressure appear in his head due to the extremely loud screams.

Then, the coffin fell forward.

BANG!

And hit the ground.

Nick simply stepped to the side.

Obviously, the Screaming Coffin had tried to eat Nick just now, but since it didn't have its long bandages, it just tried to fall on top of him with its open maw.

When the opening of the coffin hit the ground, the screams immediately vanished.

The next moment, the Screaming Coffin pushed itself onto its back, and the loud screams returned.

Surprisingly, the first thing the Screaming Coffin did after that was to very quickly go to its lid to put it back on.

'Interesting,' Nick thought. 'It went faster to its lid than when it fled from me the first time it touched me in here. I guess the lid is extremely important to it.'

'Maybe it uses up a considerable amount of Zephyx while its lid is off?' Nick thought as he scratched his chin in thought.

The Screaming Coffin quickly put the lid back on, after which it slowed down considerably.

Then, it started to slowly crawl around the Containment Unit again.

When Nick saw that, he sighed in annoyance and stood up.

Nick walked over to the corpse in the middle of the Containment Unit and grabbed the corpse.

Then, he dumped the corpse into the Screaming Coffin's path.

After a bit, the Screaming Coffin touched the corpse.

Its white bandages touched it in many places, and eventually, the Screaming Coffin's lid opened again.

'It's not standing up this time,' Nick thought. 'That probably means it can tell that this human is actually dead.'

Sure enough, its short white bandages wound around the corpse as best as they could, and a couple of seconds later, the corpse was pulled into the open coffin.

With interest, Nick saw the corpse completely vanish.

It was like the corpse had entered a completely separate, dark dimension.

Another surprising thing was that the screams became very distant and quiet with the corpse inside.

The Screaming Coffin quickly put its lid back on.

And then…

Nothing.

It just lay there.

Doing nothing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 78 – Trevor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For a couple of hours, Nick just watched the motionless coffin.

It was almost like it was just a normal coffin.

"Nick, time to work."

Wyntor's voice came out of the speakers inside the Containment Unit.

"Is it already six a.m.?" Nick asked.

"About to," Wyntor answered.

"Sure," Nick said. "Would be nice if you could keep a watch over the Screaming Coffin. It doesn't seem to do anything while it has a corpse inside of it, but I want to know when it actually starts to move around again. Don't worry, it is very slow, and you can easily retreat from it if it tries anything."

"Should be fine as long as you take a look inside every hour."

"Sure," Wyntor said. "I can do that."

By now, Nick had already opened the door and walked outside.

"By the way," Nick said, looking at Wyntor. "Can you also tell the others about the Screaming Coffin? They don't need to work with it, but they should know that we have a second Specter."

Wyntor furrowed his brows. "I don't want to tell everyone about every Specter."

"Why not?" Nick asked.

"Zephyx Manufacturers often send spies into other Zephyx Manufacturers, and after knowing everything about all the Specters, they often steal them."

"I will tell them that we have a second Specter, but I won't tell them any information about it. After all, they don't need to work with it, and it won't break out."

"Since it is a Possession Specter, it's very easy to take care of the Screaming Coffin. We just have to get corpses and dump them in here when it's done eating," Wyntor said.

Nick also furrowed his brows.

Jenny and Trevor were Nick's employees, and he trusted them.

He didn't like it that Wyntor wasn't telling them everything.

"If you think so," Nick said with a shrug, moving past him.

Obviously, Nick wasn't happy, but he wouldn't go against Wyntor's orders.

"Thanks," Wyntor said with a nod.

"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he walked over to the Dreamer's new Containment Unit.

The Dreamer's new Containment Unit was 3x3x3 meters big, which was a bit smaller than its old Containment Unit.

However, just by looking at it, one could tell that this one was way more expensive.

First of all, there were no visible wires or pipes.

Second of all, the Containment Unit was just a solid, clean, even, and black cube.

It almost looked like a cube of obsidian.

Well, except for the top.

The ceiling of the Containment Unit was made of a mysterious material that had some properties of glass.

From above the Containment Unit, one could see through the ceiling clearly, but when inside, one couldn't look out.

If this were a simple one-way mirror, it would be the other way around.

With a one-way mirror, the side that let the light enter would not be able to see through it, while the side that received the light could see through it.

This glass-like surface was also one of the biggest reasons why this Containment Unit was so expensive.

First of all, the people outside could see what was going on in the Containment Unit.

Second of all, the surface was extremely hard.

Third, the Zephyx Manufacturer didn't need to waste money on artificial light anymore.

Sadly, there was one problem with that part of the Containment Unit.

It couldn't isolate Force Specters.

But that was a small price to pay for all the conveniences.

This model was probably the one that was used and sold the most amongst Zephyx Manufacturers.

It was pretty cheap for a Containment Unit, could contain an Adolescent Specter, and was pretty small and sturdy.

This model was used to basically contain every Hatchling and Adolescent Specter that wasn't a Force Specter.

When Nick reached the black cube, he jumped up and landed on top of the Containment Unit.

Naturally, when Nick landed, it made quite a loud sound, but the Dreamer didn't seem to care as it continued to look at Trevor.

In front of the Dreamer lay a man with long black hair.

The man was around 185 centimeters tall and quite muscular with a chiseled jawline.

The Extractor uniform he was wearing made him seem even more impressive.

In a way, the man looked like someone who had come out of a fantasy.

That was Trevor.

Naturally, with his looks, Trevor had it extremely easy to make friends and pick up girls, which was also why Wyntor had chosen him over Jenny for any sensitive mission.

In a way, Trevor was a perfect spy or secret agent since he could get close to anyone easily.

Men wanted to be his friend, while women wanted to be his girlfriend.

When Nick saw that everything looked fine in the Containment Unit, he jumped down from the roof and walked in.

"Time to swap," Nick said.

The Dreamer slowly turned its head to look at Nick.

Even though Nick was used to working with the Dreamer, he still felt nervous in front of it.

Compared to the Screaming Coffin, the Dreamer was many times worse since it was actually dangerous to Nick.

Sure, the Screaming Coffin looked real scary and spooky when it screamed and crawled around with its white bandages, but the Dreamer could actually really kill Nick.

The Dreamer took some steps back, and Nick walked up to Trevor.

"Hey, time to wake up," Nick said.

However, Nick didn't touch or move Trevor.

Trevor had said that he hated touching other people or getting touched by them.

After a bit, Trevor slowly opened his eyes with a groan.

"Is it time already?" his deep voice said as he slowly sat up.

"Yep," Nick said. "Good work."

"Easy as pie, boss," Trevor said as he slowly stood up.

Then, Trevor stretched without any hurry and waved at the Dreamer. "Good work today," he told it.

The Dreamer didn't show any reaction.

"Can you answer me at least once?" Trevor asked with annoyance.

The Dreamer didn't do anything.

"Anyway, time for me to head home. Have fun, boss!" Trevor said, passing Nick.

"Trevor, go talk to Wyntor," Nick said.

Trevor stopped and turned to Nick with a worried look. "Am I in trouble?"

"No," Nick said with a laugh. "I caught a new Specter yesterday. The other Containment Unit is now occupied."

Trevor looked with surprise at Nick. "You caught another Specter?"

Nick nodded. "Wyntor is going to tell you everything you need to know."

"Oh, wow. Sure, I'll head there right now," Trevor said.

While Trevor walked out of the Containment Unit, Nick sat down in one of the corners and closed his eyes.

As always, the Dreamer slowly walked up to him.

And a minute later, Nick fell asleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 79 – Big Profits
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick woke up again, he directly went to Wyntor to ask him about the Screaming Coffin.

Apparently, the Screaming Coffin still hadn't moved.

By now, it had been consuming that one corpse for over twelve hours.

After a bit of talking, Nick went back to the hotel and checked up on Horua.

Luckily, Pator had dealt with Horua while Nick was working, which made things easier.

Every couple of hours, Nick returned to look at the Screaming Coffin, and after some time, Nick's times when he checked up on Horua perfectly matched the times he checked up on the Screaming Coffin.

After sleeping for four hours, Nick checked up on Horua and the Screaming Coffin again.

Nothing had changed.

When it was time for Nick's shift to start, he checked up on the Screaming Coffin again.

It still hadn't moved.

'It's been over 28 hours by now. If it were hungry, it would probably move around the Containment Unit and search for some food,' Nick thought. 'Does this mean that it takes more than 24 hours to consume a corpse?'

Before starting his next shift with the Dreamer, Nick told Wyntor to check on the coffin again.

When Nick came out again, he asked Wyntor, and Wyntor had something interesting to tell him.

"About six hours into your shift, it started to move around the Containment Unit," Wyntor said. "Right now, it's walking around, trying to escape to find some food. Luckily, it is very weak, and it doesn't even try to break the walls. It simply tries to find a way around the walls."

'Six hours after the start of my shift?' Nick thought. 'That should be about one-and-a-half days after I fed the corpse to it.'

Nick nodded. "Got it. Let me check up on it."

Wyntor nodded back and went into his office.

While Jenny was working with the Dreamer, Nick checked up on the Screaming Coffin.

But before he did, he checked up on the amount of Zephyx it produced.

'30 grams!' Nick thought in shock.

30 grams was a lot.

'Is that like one gram per hour?' Nick thought.

30 grams was about as much as the Dreamer produced daily.

Sure, the Screaming Coffin produced that in about 32 to 34 hours, but one also had to consider that it was only an Early Hatchling.

If the Screaming Coffin managed to become a Mid Hatchling, it might produce just as much as the Dreamer or even more.

And best of all, it didn't need anyone that was working with it.

It just needed a corpse.

Before entering, Nick took out the Zephyx storage of the Containment Unit and brought it into Wyntor's office.

As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, it was Nick's job to record all the produced Zephyx and to bring it to the sales department, which was just Wyntor at the moment.

Then, Nick entered the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit again.

Sure enough, it was currently crawling around the Containment Unit like a spider with thirteen long white legs.

'It looks quite creepy,' Nick thought.

Nick imagined the Screaming Coffin silently walking around the forsaken parts of the Dregs on the hunt for some food.

But then, Nick had another thought.

After weighing his options for a bit, Nick decided to try it out.

He walked closer, and when he reached the Screaming Coffin, it started to use its long white bandages to encompass him.

But before it could do so, Nick kicked it.

The coffin lurched away but didn't get damaged since Nick hadn't used all of his power.

Nevertheless, Nick's kick was enough to tell the coffin that it didn't have the power to eat him.

Nick walked closer to the coffin.

And then, he jumped.

Donk!

And landed on top of the Screaming Coffin!

The Screaming Coffin immediately fell to the floor and pulled its bandages inward.

After that, Nick just sat down on the coffin.

Silence.

Nothing was happening.

"Come on!" Nick said with annoyance. "Move around a bit. I wanna ride you!"

However, the Specter just didn't move.

After a couple of minutes, Nick just sighed and walked away from the Screaming Coffin.

Another minute later, the Screaming Coffin slowly pulled out its white bandages again and started to circle the Containment Unit again.

'I don't think I can domesticate it. I think it's a bit too dumb to be a useful mount,' he thought with disappointment.

'Anyway, I should get some food for it.'

Nick left the Containment Unit and saw Pator.

"Hey, can you work a bit longer for today? I have somewhere to be, and I need someone to look out for Horua for the next two hours or so. Naturally, you will get paid for the extra time," Nick said.

"Sure, no problem!" Pator said. "Thanks for the extra money!"

"Thanks, Pator," Nick said with a smile before walking out of the warehouse.

'30 grams of Zephyx is about 30,000 credits in total. However, every corpse costs around 15,000 credits, and with the other costs, the Screaming Coffin only produces a profit of about 12,000 credits per corpse.'

'Luckily, none of my Zephyx Extractors need to work with it, which means there's more remaining for me!' Nick thought with a smile.

'That's about 2,000 credits more per day with only a little extra work!'

'Although, I have no idea what I should buy with all of this.'

'I'm earning so many credits, but they are just sitting in my bank account, collecting dust.'

As Nick reached the guard outpost, he stopped and scratched his head.

'Isn't that kind of what I've hated in other people in the past?'

'Just months ago, I thought that it would be great if everyone could just give a little of their overabundant wealth to help others.'

Slowly, Nick started to feel bad about having so many credits.

But he also felt like he deserved to have all these credits.

It was a complex mix of contrasting emotions.

Nick absentmindedly talked with the guards, and about a minute later, he came out with a token for a corpse.

'I don't even need the money to help the Dregs since I am paying for the corpses with the company's card,' Nick thought as he looked at the token.

'I really need something to do with my money.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 80 – Investing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After searching in the Dregs for about an hour, Nick found a guy belonging to the Riker Strikers.

Just like last time, Nick just killed the guy and pulled him back to Dark Dream.

On his way, he handed the token back to the guards, who just thanked him for his patronage.

Nick threw the corpse into the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and watched it consume the corpse.

As always, the terrifying screams hurt Nick's ears quite a bit.

After Nick left the Containment Unit, he looked at the clock.

'About 3 p.m. That means it should be done between 10 p.m. tomorrow and 2 a.m. the day after tomorrow.'

Nick nodded and walked into Wyntor's office.

"Anything you need?" Wyntor asked without looking up from the sheet of paper he was writing on.

"Hey, Wyntor," Nick said. "What do I do with my money?"

"Invest it," Wyntor answered.

Nick furrowed his brows. "Like, in the company?"

Wyntor snorted. "No. I don't need your money right now, and I don't want to lose ownership of Dark Dream."

As the sole shareholder, Wyntor owned 100% of Dark Dream.

Even though Nick was the Chief Zephyx Extractor, he only held a very high management position. He was not an owner or director of the company.

Technically, if Wyntor wanted, he could throw Nick out without any issues, but that would be beyond stupid.

"You want to help the people of the Dregs, right?" Wyntor asked, putting the sheet of paper down.

Nick nodded.

"In that case, I would invest in your own power," Wyntor suggested.

"Into my power?" Nick repeated.

"Yep," Wyntor added. "Get some equipment. You are still fighting with your bare hands, and you're only using the official uniform of the city as your armor. Even more, if a Force Specter attacks you, you can't even do anything to it since you have no weapons to use against it."

"By getting a good weapon and armor, you can increase your own power by a lot," Wyntor said.

Nick's eyes widened in realization as he thought about all the things he could buy with the money he had already gathered.

But then, Nick became a bit confused. "And what does that have to do with me wanting to help the people of the Dregs?"

Wyntor chuckled a bit. "If you die, who will help the people of the Dregs? Even more, if you use 10% of your current income to help the people in the Dregs, that's about 300 credits per day, but if you use 10% of your income two years later when you're a level two Extractor, that might turn into 3,000 credits per day."

"The stronger you are, the more money you earn, and the more you help the people of the Dregs. The longer you live, the more payments the Dregs will receive."

"Because of that, I suggest investing about 80% of your income in your own power, keep 10% as a safety net, and use the remaining 10% to help the people," Wyntor explained.

Nick almost couldn't believe how easily Wyntor had fixed the very thing that Nick couldn't fix after thinking about it for a long time.

It was actually so easy and logical.

"Sounds great," Nick said with a bright smile. "So, where can I find equipment? What should I get first?"

"The most important thing for a Zephyx Extractor."

"A Barrier."

"A Barrier?" Nick asked in confusion.

"A Barrier is something you can put into your official uniform. If anything dangerous comes near you, the device will shield you from it."

"Since we are not Specters, we humans can't use our Zephyx without equipment, and a Barrier was one such piece of equipment."

"The Barrier uses your internal Zephyx storage to block any and all attacks. The stronger the attack it blocks, the more Zephyx it uses."

"While you can deal with punches, claws, and kicks without issues, you would be helpless if someone throws a vat of burning oil at you. Additionally, Force Specters almost always have attacks that are almost impossible to block with anything physical, and even other kinds of Specters can have these attacks."

"A Barrier will allow you to deal with attacks that normal humans can't deal with."

Nick listened to Wyntor intently. "That sounds very useful! How strong is such a barrier?"

"Depends on its price and your level," Wyntor said as he leaned back in the chair.

The next moment, Wyntor opened a big pocket on his chest and pulled something out.

It was a silver plate with a beautiful blue gem in the middle that seemed to shine like the ocean.

"That's mine," Wyntor said. "It can block all manners of attacks, deploys intelligently and automatically, has a malleable surface, is invisible while active, and blocks attacks at a ratio of five to one Zephyx. That means it uses one unit of my Zephyx to block five units of an enemy's Zephyx."

Nick took a deep breath.

"That sounds very expensive," he commented.

Wyntor chuckled. "Yeah, I can't buy something like that on my own. It was a gift from my father before I left to build Dark Dream. It costs like 100 million credits, but my father probably got it for half the price."

Nick sucked in a violent breath through his teeth.

100 million credits!

That was nearly a thousand times more than what Nick had earned so far!

"Yours will not be as good, but it will still help you a lot," Wyntor said. "For starters, I would suggest getting one that has a two-to-one conversion rate that can block most kinds of attacks."

"You should have just enough money to get a decent one, but don't spend everything on it. You also need a couple of one-time-use items and actual weapons. Try to keep what you spend on the Barrier at about 80% of the 80% you use to buy equipment."

Nick nodded. "Will do. Where can I buy something like that?"

"Well, usually you would need to enter the Inner City to get this stuff, but level one Zephyx Extractors are not allowed in the Inner City without a permit. You have to be a level two Zephyx Extractor first."

"But, of course, since there is a big market for equipment for Newbies, there is money to be made."

"Once a week, there's an open market in the Outer City for Newbies."

"Lucky for you, it's tomorrow."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 81 – Marketplace
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Everyone ready?" Wyntor asked.

Nick, Jenny, and Trevor nodded.

After talking with Nick some more, Wyntor had decided that the others also needed some equipment.

While they didn't have the money for the really good equipment, Wyntor was willing to give them an advance for their equipment. After all, it was important that his people stayed alive.

Because of that, no one was working with the Dreamer.

Right now, it was eight a.m., which meant it would be Nick's time to work with the Dreamer.

For the next couple of hours, Dark Dream would take a corporate trip to the Extractor market. After that, the normal shifts would start again.

At this moment, Wyntor stood in front of his employees, and Nick stood in front of Trevor and Jenny, facing Wyntor.

"Good! Then, let's go," Wyntor said with a friendly smile as he walked towards the exit of the warehouse.

The other three followed him with excited expressions.

Naturally, all three of them had already gathered quite a bit of wealth, and they were more than willing to buy something useful with that wealth.

As the four of them stepped onto the streets, they drew the gazes of all the present people.

Seeing three Zephyx Extractors walking around with their uniforms was quite eye-catching, but even more noticeable was Wyntor.

Wyntor wore a form-fitting suit with a mixture of grey, red, and dark purple colors.

Not everyone knew what this suit signified, but the few that did were shocked and surprised.

Naturally, as the CEO in a public place, Wyntor had to look the part, which was why he had put on his official suit for negotiations between companies.

The very few people who knew what this suit meant felt themselves lucky to see Wyntor.

Usually, people of the Outer City didn't have the luck to see one of the Melfion family's progeny.

The suit Wyntor was wearing showed everyone that he was part of the Melfion family, and the color scheme indicated his status.

The grey color of the suit represented the Melfion family personally.

The red color represented Kugelblitz, the biggest Zephyx Manufacturer of Crimson Fungus City.

And the darker purple represented Dark Dream.

This suit showed everyone that Wyntor was a possible heir to the Melfion family and that he had already made his own business.

Compared to Wyntor, the three Zephyx Extractors walking behind him only seemed like his bodyguards or servants.

Jenny and Trevor knew that Wyntor was part of the Melfion family, and right now, they felt a bit proud that they were one of the few people working for someone with such a high status.

Nick didn't pay a lot of attention to the people looking at them. His mind was fully occupied with thinking about all the things he would soon buy!

After a couple of minutes of walking, the group arrived in front of a big warehouse, even bigger than the one Dark Dream owned.

This warehouse was probably over a hundred meters long and nearly as wide.

In front of the warehouse stood a group of guards who inspected everyone who passed by them.

"This is the place," Wyntor said to his employees.

The three people looked at the warehouse with interest.

It seemed quite big but unassuming.

Wyntor walked forward, and his three employees followed him.

When the guards saw Wyntor's suit, they performed a short but respectful bow.

Wyntor answered with a nod.

One of them opened a small sliding door and gestured for the group to enter.

The other three gave a short "hi" before they also entered the warehouse.

The door closed behind them, and the group could finally see what the marketplace for Zephyx Extractors looked like.

It was busy!

"Wow," Nick uttered in surprise, "there are probably nearly a hundred people in here!"

"Yep," Wyntor said with a smile as he looked at the group. "Since Newbies are not allowed in the Inner City without explicit permission, they all have to buy their things here."

"But Wyntor, there are still so many people here," Nick said. "This is just one of the marketplaces, right? If there are already so many Extractors here, how many are there in the entire Outer City?"

Wyntor smirked. "In truth, this is the only marketplace for Extractors outside the Inner City."

The three looked with surprise at Wyntor.

The only one?

They had assumed that it was only one of several marketplaces since they hadn't even walked for two kilometers to get there.

Wyntor chuckled a bit. "It just so happens that the marketplace is very close to Dark Dream. It's just a coincidence."

"So, this is everyone?" Jenny asked from behind Nick.

Jenny and Trevor were not very comfortable in Wyntor's presence.

The first time they had met Wyntor, he had taught them about Dark Dream and gave them orders, and that single meeting already represented the majority of their time spent talking to Wyntor.

As the CEO, Wyntor had no official direct line of communication with the Zephyx Extractors.

He only talked to them as an HR representative, but even that way of communicating with them would vanish when they got an actual HR person.

If the two of them needed something from the company, they just had to talk to Nick, and Nick would talk to Wyntor if necessary.

"It's not everyone," Wyntor said. "It's about a third of all Newbies. Not all of the Newbies come here every week. Even more, Kugelblitz and Anatomy have permission to house their Newbies in the Inner City, and there are much better marketplaces there."

Naturally, all three of the Extractors knew Kugelblitz and Anatomy.

Kugelblitz was the biggest Zephyx Manufacturer of Crimson Fungus City, and their most famous Specter was the Crimson Fungus, which the city was named after.

The Crimson Fungus was the only level six Specter that had been captured and contained in Crimson Fungus City.

As the only Zephyx Manufacturer with a level six Specter, Kugelblitz naturally was the de-facto leader of Crimson Fungus City.

However, there was also another very powerful and big Zephyx Manufacturer.

Anatomy.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 82 – The Manufacturers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Anatomy didn't have a level six Specter, but they had a couple of level five Specters.

Even more, Anatomy was led by one of the former level six Zephyx Extractors of Kugelblitz.

For some reason, one of the five level six Zephyx Extractors had left Kugelblitz to join a talented and rapidly developing Zephyx Manufacturer and had become the Chief Zephyx Extractor there.

With Anatomy having a level six Zephyx Extractor of their own, they could attempt to capture a level six Specter, a Demon.

This gave them a shot at reaching Kugelblitz's level, but only if they actually managed to get one.

People from Kugelblitz or Anatomy didn't walk outside the Inner City, and they wouldn't find any of them in this marketplace.

"Although, they account for only 10% of Newbies," Wyntor said.

"Only 10%?" Nick asked. "But aren't they the two biggest Manufacturers?"

"They are the two most powerful, not the two biggest," Wyntor explained. "While size is an indicator of power, you also have to look at the quality of the Specters and the Extractors."

"For example, Kugelblitz barely has 130 Extractors, but only 30 of those are in the first and second level. The other 100 are level three, four, and five Extractors."

"Kugelblitz has almost 80% of all level four and five Extractors but less than 5% of all level one and two Extractors," Wyntor explained.

"Sounds like there is no way to topple Kugelblitz," Trevor commented with a chuckle.

"It's difficult," Wyntor said, "but if Anatomy manages to get a Demon, things might change."

The next moment, Wyntor looked at Trevor with a smirk, and Trevor felt a bit nervous. "Who knows?" Wyntor said. "If Anatomy gets a level six Specter, we might have a war on our hands."

The three of them felt quite nervous.

A war between Manufacturers?

What would that even look like?

Would one of the Manufacturers free the Specters of another one to cause damage to them?

That would be horrifying!

"Anyway," Wyntor said, turning to the marketplace again. "We won't be meeting anyone from Kugelblitz or Anatomy here."

"You see the Extractors in the turquoise and red uniforms?" Wyntor asked.

"Speaking of," Nick said. "I was going to ask about that. Why do they not wear the official uniform for Zephyx Extractors?"

"It is the official one," Wyntor said. "It's the official one for their Manufacturer."

"Almost all Zephyx Manufacturers have uniforms of their own, which also count as the official ones for the city."

"If you want one, we need a level three Zephyx Extractor in Dark Dream. Then, I can commission one. Until then, you have to deal with the standard one."

Nick looked at his uniform.

Suddenly, the uniform didn't seem that impressive anymore.

"Anyway, the ones in the turquoise and red uniform are from Ghosty's Lab, which is the third biggest Zephyx Manufacturer in the city," Wyntor said. "They also have over 30% of all level one and level two Zephyx Extractors."

"In terms of quantity of Specters, they are number one in the city. They have a lot of Hatchlings, Adolescents, and Adults, but they also have a couple of Elders and even one Fanatic."

"Try not to antagonize the Extractors from Ghosty's Lab. If we have a conflict with them, we will go bankrupt before we know it," Wyntor said.

The three of them nodded as they looked at the Extractors with the turquoise and red uniforms.

There were about ten of them in here, which was lower than expected.

According to what Wyntor said, there should be over 30 of them here.

However, it also wasn't that surprising. Ghosty's Lab probably bought the majority of their gear in the Inner City and traded it between their people. They were big enough that they could do that easily.

"What about the others?" Nick asked.

Wyntor pointed to someone wearing a silver and red outfit.

"The people in the silver and red uniform belong to Gemini. Gemini used to be a relative nobody, but they recently managed to capture their first Elder, which officially puts them just behind Ghosty's Lab."

"However, the difference in power between Ghosty's Lab and Gemini is still massive. Ghosty's Lab has over three times as many employees, which even extends to level three and level four Extractors."

"Gemini is nothing compared to Ghosty's Lab, but they are still a Manufacturer with a level four Specter. So, don't try to start trouble with them."

The three of them nodded and waited for Wyntor to continue.

Next, Wyntor pointed to one of the Zephyx Extractors wearing a yellow and red uniform.

"These people are from Solace. They used to be Gemini's rivals, but they can no longer compete with Gemini since they don't have a level four Specter."

"I would also ask you not to antagonize them. Solace provides over 90% of all the artificial light that works against the Nightmare. Their most famous Specter, the Bright Candle, is the thing that illuminates our cheap Containment Unit, and it also provides the Arclights that we use from time to time."

"They also sell the more modest versions of the Containment Units. The two we own have both been built by them."

"If we suddenly have trouble with them, it will cost us a lot."

Next, Wyntor pointed at a group of people wearing grey and red uniforms.

"They are from the Spartans. It's a relatively new start-up Manufacturer made by three unhappy level three Extractors that used to work for Gemini. While they have three level three Extractors, they haven't managed to catch an Adult yet, but they definitely have the resources to do so."

"Most likely, they won't stay in business for much longer. If they manage to survive for a year, I would be very surprised," Wyntor explained neutrally.

Nick looked with surprise at Wyntor. "Why do you think so?"

Wyntor just smiled.

"They don't have someone that protects them from the bigger Manufacturers."

"Naturally, every additional Manufacturer means more competition and less money for the bigger Manufacturers. Because of that, the bigger Manufacturers put a lot of pressure on the smaller ones in an effort to drain them of resources."

"But you don't need to worry about Dark Dream," Wyntor said.

"Kugelblitz, Anatomy, Ghosty's Lab, Gemini, and Solace won't touch us as long as we don't initiate the hostilities."

The three of them could take a good guess as to why.

Wyntor's suit showed exactly why.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 83 – Start-ups
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After talking a bit more, the four of them walked further into the marketplace.

Wyntor knew the most about what Zephyx Extractors needed, and the three of them deferred to his judgment when it came to buying something.

As the three of them looked around, they noticed that most of the Extractors in the marketplace were from Gemini, Solace, and the Spartans.

Those three made up over 80% of all the Extractors that were present.

There were also a couple of Extractors from Ghosty's Lab, but most of them were, in fact, manning stalls instead of walking around and buying stuff.

Naturally, most of the sellers were also from the Manufacturers.

Creating equipment useful against Specters needed different kinds of specific Zephyx, and to get Zephyx, one needed a Specter. Because of that, most of the equipment was created by the different Manufacturers, and the equipment they didn't need, they sold in places like this.

With so many people in their company, Ghosty's Lab had an abundance of wares useful for Newbies and Johns.

However, there were also a couple of people with the standard uniform.

"What about the ones with the standard uniforms?" Jenny asked.

"Start-ups," Wyntor said emotionlessly. "They are like Dark Dream, except for one important difference."

"They don't have a Specter."

The three of them knew what Wyntor meant with that.

He meant that these companies were essentially worthless.

These Zephyx Extractors might have advanced in their levels and had even attained abilities, but they were Zephyx Extractors in name only.

After all, they weren't extracting Zephyx.

Without a Specter, a Zephyx Manufacturer practically didn't even exist.

There was no income.

There was no power gain.

There was nothing but a small group of people with a dream.

"Do none of them have a Specter?" Nick asked.

"Almost all," Wyntor answered. "If they actually manage to get one, the carrot and the stick will arrive."

"What's a carrot?" Nick asked.

Wyntor was taken out of his flow when he heard that question and slowly turned to Nick. "It's a vegetable. Something you want to eat."

"I know what a vegetable is," Nick said with a bit of annoyance.

Wyntor took a deep breath through his nose. "Anyway, it's a form of speech. It means giving someone a very enticing reward or offer while also threatening them with something horrifying if they don't follow and accept."

"If one of these companies manages to get a Specter, the first bigger Manufacturer that finds out will offer to purchase the Specter at a high premium while also offering all of the Zephyx Extractors jobs."

"The businessmen get the mountain of cash they were after, and the Extractors get the future they so desperately wanted."

"But if they don't accept, the Manufacturer will tell all the other Manufacturers that they are not willing to sell, at which point they will get suppressed into nothingness."

"Artificial light suddenly costs five times more. Containment Units cost an arm and a leg. Bigger businesses are not willing to do business with them. The guards start to watch all of their steps very, very closely. The banks have issues making payments. Their Zephyx only sells for very little money."

"Working with the Specter will essentially become more expensive than not working with it, making the Specter a liability and essentially worthless to them. They will slowly be bleeding money until they either sell their Specter or go bankrupt."

When the three of them heard that, they took some deep breaths.

That made it impossible to make any money!

"Even if the leadership persists, the employees, including the Extractors, most likely won't. Even more, those Extractors will quickly receive several offers from the big Manufacturers."

"In the end, the leaders are left with a Specter and no people to work with it."

The three just thought about Wyntor's words for a bit.

Sure enough, creating a new Manufacturer was extremely difficult.

Luckily, they had Wyntor, who had the backing of the Melfion family, and the Melfion family owned a big part of Kugelblitz.

Nobody would want to offend someone like that without an incentive.

"Wyntor, you said most earlier," Nick said.

"Most what?" Wyntor asked.

"That most of the people with the normal uniform don't have a Specter. What about the others?"

"Well," Wyntor slowly said as his eyes landed on a small group of four people who were currently looking at a couple of items. "There is one other new Zephyx Manufacturer, but they are not that important."

The three of them noticed that Wyntor was purposefully being vague, but they could tell that they shouldn't ask him.

"In short," Wyntor added, "don't be rude to the people here, and they will also not be rude to you, most likely. There are always exceptions, but we will deal with those on a case-by-case basis."

"Of course!" Nick said with a nod.

The other two also nodded in affirmation.

Wyntor let out a little smile and turned forward. "Let's get to the Barriers first. Extractors without Barriers are essentially naked."

The three of them nodded and followed after Wyntor.

The four of them passed by a couple of stalls, which offered various items.

Nick saw many different magical items, and he also saw a couple of weapons.

There were only about 15 stalls in the entire marketplace, and over half of them were staffed by Extractors from Ghosty's Lab.

Most of the people who looked at the three Zephyx Extractors seemed apathetic and uncaring, but when they saw Wyntor in front of them, their attitude changed.

Instead of seeming cold, they seemed more neutral.

In practicality, there was no difference between the two attitudes. In both cases, the other person wouldn't interact with the group.

The only difference was the opinion the other person had of the group.

After a bit of walking, the four of them stopped in front of a rather big stall near the end of the marketplace.

Just like most of them, this one was manned by a girl wearing a turquoise and red uniform, showing that she was a Zephyx Extractor from Ghosty's Lab.

Surprisingly, there was an emblem with three small ghosts embroidered on her uniform.

This meant that she was a Veteran, a level three Extractor!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 84 – Low Margins
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There were four other people standing in front of the stall, and they were looking at the different round objects for sale.

Naturally, these round objects were Barriers.

Yet, the atmosphere in this stall was also a bit tense.

After all, who wouldn't be respectful in front of a Veteran?

One had to remember that Veterans already belonged to the top 20% of Extractors.

There were not even 200 Veterans in the entirety of Crimson Fungus City.

Every single Veteran was at least a hundred times as powerful as a normal person.

This meant that even the weakest Veteran could lift something weighing over eight tons above their head!

This young woman could grab any random person in here and literally tear them in two like they were a piece of paper!

She was also the only Veteran in the marketplace.

The other stalls from Ghosty's Lab were all manned by Johns, and most of the other stalls were manned by Newbies.

As for the customers, there were maybe one or two Johns present, and they were only here to help their younger colleagues find something good for their money.

This meant that this person was, by far, the most powerful one in the entire marketplace.

But that was to be expected.

After all, Barriers were the priciest items here since they represented a Zephyx Extractor's life.

The Veteran was probably carrying over ten million credits worth of wares with her.

The three Extractors from Dark Dream felt some pressure emanating from the young woman.

The Veteran wasn't aggressive or anything. It was simply the feeling someone weaker felt when they were in front of someone much stronger.

Wyntor just put on a friendly smile and walked up to the Veteran.

"Good morning, we're from Dark Dream, and we're interested in purchasing Barriers for our three Zephyx Extractors," Wyntor said.

"Dark Dream?" the Veteran repeated in confusion as she turned to Wyntor.

She had never heard of Dark Dream before.

But when she saw Wyntor's suit, her eyes lit up, and she understood.

'There might be some money here,' she thought.

"Of course," she answered with a polite smile. "If I may be so rude, what is your budget?"

Wyntor just chuckled. "No worries, we already know what we are looking for, and it should just be within our budget."

Nick and Trevor didn't notice it, but the Veteran's eyes very slightly hardened for just a split-second.

However, Jenny and Wyntor noticed.

"Great!" the Veteran said with a friendly tone. "What do you have in mind?"

"First, we want a Barrier with a two-to-one conversion rate that can block all physical attacks and almost all force attacks," Wyntor said.

The Veteran nodded. "What about mental attacks?"

"Not necessary," Wyntor answered.

"What about the form and color?" she asked.

"Color is not important, and I'm fine with a sphere or spheroid for form."

"What about the activation mechanism?" she asked.

"Manual," Wyntor answered.

The Veteran sighed unnoticeably.

The guy in front of her had perfectly dodged all the pitfalls and all the items that put a premium on the Barrier.

He was searching for something ugly and cumbersome but cheap and effective.

"Based on the specifications, I think 250,000 credits should be just right," Wyntor said before the Veteran could say anything.

The Veteran looked deeply into Wyntor's eyes.

About two seconds passed.

"Sure, we have just the perfect model for your specifications and budget," she said with a forced, polite smile.

Wyntor smiled back.

The next moment, the Veteran crouched to look under the stall, and a couple of seconds later, she put a grey and round plate on the counter.

In the center was a tiny gem with grey and bronze colors swirling inside of it.

The plate itself seemed basic and unnoticeable.

Compared to all the Barriers on display, it looked like junk.

Yet, when Nick saw it, he immediately fell in love.

It looked sturdy and reliable!

The next moment, Nick took out his bank card and took a deep breath.

250,000 credits.

That was around 70% of what he had saved up!

The next moment, Nick took another deep breath and put his card on the table.

When the Veteran saw Nick pulling out a bank card, she threw a smile at Wyntor. "It's rare to see an Extractor pay with their own credits for equipment."

Jenny and Trevor threw a look at Wyntor when they heard that.

Naturally, this was the Veteran's revenge for buying the stuff with low margins.

Yet, Wyntor just chuckled. "They get 10% of the Zephyx they extract as payment at a wholesale rate. They can afford to pay for their own equipment," he said.

When the Veteran heard that, her eyes widened in disbelief.

She didn't say anything.

10% of the Zephyx they extracted at a wholesale rate?!

Then, wouldn't she be earning over a million credits a month instead of the measly 200,000 credits she was earning right now?!

Instead of getting some satisfaction out of making Wyntor uncomfortable, the Veteran got annoyed.

"Understandable," she answered in a polite voice without putting much energy into it while grabbing Nick's card.

When Trevor and Jenny saw the Veteran's reaction, they realized that they were being paid very well.

If even a Veteran looked that surprised, they probably earned a lot of money!

This only increased their loyalty towards Wyntor and their thankfulness.

"Here you go," the Veteran said as she handed the card and the Barrier to Nick.

Nick just looked at the Barrier in wonder while Wyntor started to request another Barrier.

This one only had a one-to-one ratio, but it could also block most attacks.

In the end, the price was only 50,000 credits for that one, and it went to Jenny.

The next one was identical to the second one and went to Trevor.

Since Trevor was still pretty new, Wyntor paid for it.

Wyntor would simply dock Trevor's payments until he had cleared his debt.

"Thank you," Wyntor said politely.

"Sure," the Veteran answered, not even putting up an act of being friendly.

Naturally, the Veteran was not very happy.

She hadn't even made 20,000 credits in commission from these trades.

The three Barriers they bought had extremely low-profit margins.

In the end, she could only sigh and continue waiting for other customers.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85 85 – Barriers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After leaving the stall behind, Wyntor pulled his three employees to the side and explained to them how they could activate and configure their Barriers.

Using these Barriers was very easy since there were only a couple of options to choose from.

"The Barriers you bought do not have AI chips, which means that there isn't much you can do with them," Wyntor said.

"AI-chips?" Nick asked in confusion.

Jenny and Trevor also didn't know what that meant.

"I'll tell you in detail when it becomes relevant," Wyntor said. "Advanced Barriers need AI chips, and they are the most expensive part of a Barrier. They regulate the size, strength, and attribute of a Barrier while also activating and deactivating it. You can view AI chips as an autonomous mind that controls your Barrier."

"Your Barriers don't have AI chips, which is why we managed to get good ones for a relatively low price. The drawback is that you have to activate them yourself," Wyntor said.

After a bit of fidgeting around, the three of them managed to activate their Barriers.

"I can't see it," Nick said after he put his activated Barrier into the pocket of his uniform.

"Watch," Wyntor said.

Then, Wyntor walked back a little…

And charged right at Nick.

Wyntor jumped and kicked forward.

Nick's eyes widened in wonder.

'Will the Barrier activate?'

BANG!

Sure enough, a bronze sphere appeared around Nick's body for just a second before vanishing again.

Wyntor was halted and fell onto his feet.

The next moment, Wyntor moved his arm through the space where the Barrier had just been.

But this time, it didn't activate.

"See that?" Wyntor asked. "The Barriers you bought are effective, but they have very simple activation triggers."

"If an object with high heat, extreme cold, high speed, or with a lot of force is about to pass through the Barrier, it activates."

"There are also a couple of other triggers, but those are the main ones."

"Sadly…"

The next moment, Wyntor slowly took out a silver knife.

Then, he slowly moved the knife past Nick's Barrier before rapidly striking forward.

Obviously, Wyntor stopped before he hit Nick.

Meanwhile, Nick, Trevor, and Jenny were surprised about what they had just seen.

Nick's Barrier hadn't activated, even though Wyntor had essentially stabbed towards Nick with a sharp knife!

"You see?" Wyntor asked as he pulled back. "If I slowly move past the Barrier's activation point, I can launch an attack from within its domain."

"If a sizable solid object occupies the space of the Barrier, it can't activate. The Barriers you guys bought don't have the ability to cut through strong objects."

"Of course, if you want to use a long weapon, like a spear, you also have to be careful that your spear doesn't stretch past your barrier."

The more the three of them heard about their Barriers, the more appalled they became.

They had paid so much money for that?!

"There are so many weaknesses!" Nick spoke loudly, almost shouting.

"It can't be helped," Wyntor said as he put his knife away. "That's the tradeoff, and I'm not even done telling you about them."

Nick took a deep breath.

"The standby mode of the Barrier drains a considerable amount of Zephyx," Wyntor said. "You should be feeling the drain by now."

Nick furrowed his brows and moved his arms a bit.

He felt a bit sluggish.

"I do feel a bit exhausted and sluggish," Nick said.

Wyntor nodded. "When the Barrier is on standby, it continually drains your Zephyx. Without any external help, a Zephyx Extractor needs about an hour to refill their Zephyx storage."

"As someone who has already advanced a couple of levels, the primary energy source is slowly transforming to become Zephyx. Food and water will become less relevant the more you advance, and most of your power will start coming from the Zephyx your body produces from the Prephyx in the atmosphere."

"Sadly, compared to Specters, humans can't split the Zephyx they produce from their bodies, making it impossible to harvest it. Trust me, humanity really, really tried."

"Anyway, the Zephyx your body uses to move and fight will be drained by the Barrier until you deactivate it, or you are critically low."

"Because of that, your Barrier has to stay deactivated for most of the time, and you have to activate it manually when you are about to enter battle," Wyntor explained.

The three of them were not big fans.

The Barriers sounded horrible.

"But don't underestimate the Barriers," Wyntor said. "That one Barrier you bought, Nick, should allow you to confidently win against the Dreamer."

Nick raised an eyebrow in surprise.

Really?

Wyntor nodded like he had just read Nick's thoughts. "If the Dreamer decides to attack you, your Barrier will activate, and the Dreamer will be stopped just a bit in front of you. At that point, it will simply be stationary in the air. At that point, you can just use a pipe or whatever to hit it and break some of its bones. Of course, if you had a weapon, it would be even better."

"Being able to resist a powerful attack is extremely useful and will many times turn the tide."

Nick thought about Wyntor's words, and he had to agree.

It would be like the Dreamer flew against a hard wall.

The next moment, the wall would disappear, and Nick could just kick the Dreamer's torso, caving in its chest.

Even though Nick's body was a bit weaker than the Dreamer's, a fully powered kick to the chest was still devastating to the Dreamer.

Additionally, the Barrier could probably block more than one attack.

Another alternative to the battle would be Nick just jumping on top of the Dreamer and encompassing it with his arms in an effort to suppress it.

Even more, Nick could also just run out of the Dreamer's Containment Unit without dying with the Barrier.

Nick's gaze moved to the pocket of his uniform that held the Barrier.

'That is actually way more useful than I thought.'

"Let's take a look at some weapons now," Wyntor said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 86 – Weapons
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The three of them grew excited when they heard Wyntor talking about weapons.

"What do you have left in savings?" Wyntor asked as he led them to the next stall.

"In total, about 80,000 credits," Nick said, "but I don't want to spend more than 50,000."

"60,000 credits," Jenny said.

"If I don't count the Barrier, about 30,000 credits," Trevor said with a bitter smile.

One had to remember that Wyntor had completely paid for Trevor's Barrier.

Wyntor nodded. "Let's try not to go above 50,000 credits per person then. Do you have any preferences for weapons?"

Nick had an uncertain expression. "I want to see what they have to offer first."

"I heard there is something called a gun," Jenny said.

Wyntor nodded. "Yes, they also sell guns."

"What are they, and how do they work?" Jenny asked.

"A gun is a small object that uses an explosion of power to accelerate a small object to such high speeds that the object gains enough force to severely injure someone," Wyntor explained.

"The guns we are going to look at are made of durable metals, and they use Zephyx as a power source. Very expensive guns for powerful Zephyx Extractors are fully made of materials created with Zephyx that shoot other kinds of Zephyx, but these are far beyond your current ability."

"Why do you want to know?" Wyntor asked after explaining everything.

"I heard that I can use guns from far away," Jenny said. "I don't like to admit it, but as a woman, I tend to be physically weaker than most men. Because of that, I want to use something that doesn't rely on my physical strength."

Wyntor nodded. "A rational choice. What about you, Trevor?"

"What do you suggest?" Trevor asked.

"You're pretty big," Wyntor said. "I'm not a fighter, but my instructor told me that when you have an advantage, you should do your best to make the advantage even bigger instead of trying to get everything else to the same level as your advantage."

"If someone is already faster than most people, it takes a significant amount of work to get their power and defense to the same level, and then, it might not be enough to defend from someone with a similar level of power."

"However, if that same person put the work into improving their speed even more, nearly nobody would be able to touch them, making the enemy's speed and power almost meaningless."

"Since you are already pretty big, I would suggest going for a weapon with a long reach. Something like a spear," Wyntor explained.

Trevor fell into thought and nodded a couple of times. "That sounds reasonable. I think I'll follow that advice."

The four of them quickly reached the stall, and Wyntor introduced them to a couple of weapons on display.

Nick could see all manner of weapons.

Swords, daggers, knives, sabers, spears, lances, axes, clubs, guns, bows, explosives, nets, tridents, traps, ropes, chains, whips, rods, everything!

Wyntor helped Trevor first, and the two of them looked at the spears, tridents, lances, and rods.

Since Zephyx Extractors were much more powerful than normal humans, ranged weapons weren't as overpowered anymore.

A normal gun that guards used would only get through Nick's skin, but his muscles would be able to block the bullet.

Nick would still bleed, but it wouldn't be a dangerous wound.

Even more, an Initial John would only receive a red ring of blood on the spot where the bullet hit them, and Mid Johns would only get a small bruise.

Peak Johns basically didn't care about normal guns anymore.

Because of that, melee weapons became quite relevant again.

Especially when the enemy was fast enough to get to someone before they could properly aim their gun at them.

After a bit of trying around, Trevor went for quite a peculiar weapon.

It was a mixture of a dagger and a spear.

In its base form, it looked like a dagger with a very wide hilt. However, the hilt was made of concentric cones of metal, and when they were extended, they would form the long hilt of a spear.

This allowed Trevor to use it as a dagger but also as a spear.

Sadly, it wasn't as useful as either of them in their respective modes.

The hilt was too heavy and thick for a dagger, and when expanded, the hilt was too thin and hollow to block a significantly powerful attack.

But Trevor still wanted it, and his reason was pretty solid.

Since Trevor was the chosen person for taking up the subtle missions, he needed a weapon that he could hide but also made use of his size.

In the end, Wyntor paid 60,000 credits for the spear, putting Trevor into a debt of 110,000 credits.

However, Wyntor believed in Trevor's ability to repay him, and he was willing to invest in him.

Naturally, Trevor was extremely thankful and promised Wyntor that he would repay him as soon as possible.

Next, Wyntor looked at the guns with Jenny.

There were many different kinds of guns.

Handguns, shotguns, rifles, sniper rifles, assault rifles…

After a lot of talking, Jenny decided to go for a sniper rifle.

Her reasoning was simple.

She wasn't good at fighting, and if she actually got into a fight, she would very likely lose and die.

Because of that, she didn't intend to get into a battle.

Instead, she would stay outside any conflict and support with brutal attacks from a great range.

Jenny never intended to fight someone on her own.

She would rely on Trevor and Nick to protect her while taking care of the most powerful enemies from afar.

In the end, Jenny spent 50,000 credits, and Wyntor also spent 50,000 credits.

But in exchange, Jenny got an amazing sniper rifle.

It was around 150 centimeters long, and it was pure black.

"You are expected to provide for your own teachers," Wyntor told Trevor and Jenny.

Both of them nodded without any complaint.

They had bought their weapons, but they also needed to learn how to use them.

Then, Wyntor looked at Nick, who was looking at the weapons.

"Made your choice yet?" Wyntor asked.

Nick looked uncomfortable.

"Yes, but…"

"You will think I'm dumb."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87 87 – Fist Weapon
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What did you choose?" Wyntor asked.

"Well," Nick said as he scratched the back of his head with an embarrassed smile. "I've always only fought with my fists and legs, you know? I feel like I'm already very used to them, and I don't really want to use anything else."

Wyntor raised an eyebrow.

"So, I'm interested in fist and leg weapons," Nick said.

"Hmm," Wyntor uttered as he thought about what Nick had just said. "I'm not sure if that's such a good idea."

"Why?" Nick asked.

"Your ability," Wyntor said, glancing around to make sure that nobody could hear them.

A moment later, Wyntor pulled Nick to the side so that nobody could listen in.

"You can only properly use your ability when nobody sees you," Wyntor whispered. "Fist weapons are great for extreme close range and grappling, but that makes your ability useless since the opponent can easily tell where you are when you are literally touching their body all over."

"I was thinking more along the lines of a spear or a rapier. Something that allows you to silently stab an enemy with a lot of power."

Nick looked a bit worried. "What about a fist weapon with a blade coming from it? Maybe one that can also retract?"

Wyntor frowned. "Why are you that set on a fist weapon?"

"I'm used to it," Nick said. "Also, I need to silently reach my opponent, right? I want something small that doesn't slow me down."

Wyntor still wasn't the biggest fan of Nick's suggestion. "I feel like you are wasting your biggest advantage. You have to remember that all Zephyx Extractors design their fighting style around their ability, and if you don't do that, you will be at a disadvantage against everyone. Additionally, Specters also focus on their abilities."

Nick just looked at Wyntor with a worried expression, and Wyntor realized that this wasn't an expression of someone who was thinking about changing their choice but someone who was afraid of angering someone because of something they were about to say.

When Wyntor saw that, he only sighed.

"Fine," he said. "It's your decision anyway."

Nick released a sigh of relief.

"However," Wyntor added. "I still want you to get something else in case you change your mind in the future."

Nick only smiled happily. "Sure!"

Wyntor only massaged the bridge of his nose as the two of them walked back to the stall.

"Which one do you want?" Wyntor asked.

Nick went forward and grabbed a set of cuffs.

There were two long metallic bracers, which were supposed to go on the shin, and two bracers for Nick's wrists.

However, the bracers for Nick's wrists had an addition.

About 30 centimeters long and very wide blades came out of them.

In a way, the blades almost looked like equilateral triangles.

They were designed this way to make the blades stable and also able to block attacks. After all, it was normal to block or parry an attack with the back of one's hand.

In order to fit the arm better, the blades were also curved, encompassing the back of the hands.

When Wyntor saw the four cuffs, he raised an eyebrow. 'That's actually not that stupid.'

But when Wyntor saw the price, he frowned.

"Nick, you need better ones," Wyntor said.

Nick's eyes widened in surprise. "But these are already so expensive!"

"Nick, poor people can't afford to buy cheap."

Nick's brain froze as it tried to understand what Wyntor meant.

When Wyntor saw Nick's confusion, he sighed again.

"Think about how hard these blades are, and now, think about how strong you are with your ability."

"These blades are designed for Peak Newbies, and with your ability… you know…" Wyntor said, not revealing any sensitive information.

Nick looked at the blades, and he slowly realized what Wyntor meant.

"Oh, now I get it!" he shouted. "Since poor people don't have a lot of money, they have to buy cheap stuff, but the cheap stuff breaks very quickly, which forces them to buy more cheap stuff. If they had the money, they could buy something more expensive that doesn't break, which might even cost fewer credits in the long run!"

"Yes, Nick," Wyntor said. "That's what the phrase means."

"But I don't have the money for something better," Nick said. "Also, I don't think they sell better stuff here."

"It's fine," Wyntor said. "Since you now know what you want, I will get you what you need my own way. Give me one to three days, and you will get your weapons."

"They will be of much higher quality and will hold longer, but they will also be more expensive."

"For now, I'm going to pay for them since I trust that you will quickly pay me back," Wyntor said.

Nick didn't feel great accepting such a gift, but he also knew that this was probably the best way to go about it.

If Nick got into a fight with these blades and punched someone with them while his ability was active, they might break into pieces.

Nick would soon become a Peak Newbie, and when he reached that level, he would be about 25 times more powerful than a normal adult male with his ability active.

It would be like a rhinoceros wearing the blade on its horn and charging at a wall.

Due to his ability, Nick had to use equipment created for Mid Johns and stronger.

"Okay, thanks, Wyntor," Nick said.

Wyntor just nodded.

Then, Wyntor turned to Jenny and Trevor. "Do you still need something?"

"I don't think we have any money left," Trevor said with an embarrassed smile.

Wyntor nodded. "It was more of a rhetorical question."

Jenny and Trevor just chuckled politely.

"Then, let's go back," Wyntor said.

Wyntor turned around to-

"Hey, Winny."

Wyntor came face to face with an equally tall man with light-brown hair.

Surprisingly, the man's face looked very similar to Wyntor's, and his hair had the same color.

However, there were two distinct differences.

First, he was maybe two to five years older than Wyntor.

And second, he wore the official uniform for Zephyx Extractors, and it had two stars on it.

That meant he was a level two Extractor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88 88 – Ardum
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Wyntor saw the man in front of him, his expression became very neutral and apathetic.

"What do you want, Ardum?" Wyntor asked evenly.

Ardum just smiled brightly. "Why, I want to talk to my little bro," Ardum said with an excited voice as he stretched his arm towards Wyntor's shoulder.

Wyntor took a step back, and Ardum's arm halted. "Don't want to give your big bro a hug?"

"No," Wyntor spoke apathetically.

Nick furrowed his brows while Trevor and Jenny seemed a bit uncomfortable.

One didn't need to know Wyntor very closely to see that he didn't want to talk to his big brother.

"There are other people around, Winny," Ardum said with a nice but strained voice. "We shouldn't make a scene."

"Like you are doing right now?"

Ardum frowned as he looked at the person who had just spoken up.

It was Nick.

"This is a family matter," Ardum said.

"We are on a company trip, which makes this a business matter," Nick said as he stepped forward to stand beside Wyntor. "If you need to talk to your brother, please do-"

"Who do you think you are?!" Ardum shouted, his polite demeanor completely gone. "As I've said, this is a matter between two members of the Melfion family! Keep yourself out of this, peasant!"

The power of Ardum's voice was very dominant, but Nick only narrowed his eyes.

"Nick, calm yourself," Wyntor said with a bit of annoyance.

An arrogant sneer appeared on Ardum's face.

"Don't talk with the garbageman," Wyntor added.

Nick blinked a couple of seconds in surprise.

Garbageman? That was a strange insult.

It was an insult, right?

It sounded more like a job.

A moment later, Nick felt the air around him vibrate and found that the cause was Ardum.

If looks could kill, Wyntor would have been torn into pieces already.

"What are you referring to?" Ardum asked threateningly.

"Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to," Wyntor answered coldly. "I'm referring to your great bargain, obviously."

Ardum snorted. "Jealousy is unfit of a potential heir to the Melfion family, Winny."

"Jealous? Of your literal pile of shit?" Wyntor asked with a snort. "You are probably barely breaking even with it. Any of my Hatchlings produce more Zephyx than your worthless Adolescent."

"You've always been a dreamer, Wyntor," Ardum said. "It seems like that hasn't changed."

Wyntor's eyes narrowed slightly as a gleam appeared in them.

At the same time, Nick, Jenny, and Trevor grew shocked.

The way Ardum had just spoken the word dreamer was very peculiar.

He had phrased it like he was referring to something very different.

'He knows,' Nick thought with furrowed brows.

While all the Zephyx Extractors of Dark Dream knew about the Dreamer, nobody outside of Dark Dream should know about it.

Wyntor had not made the details about the Dreamer public.

Nick immediately glanced at Jenny and Trevor.

When Jenny saw Nick's narrowed eyes, she rapidly shook her head.

Trevor just shook his head with a bitter smile.

"So, you've got some ears," Wyntor commented. "Maybe you should stop talking so much, or they might become deaf."

"What's the point?" Ardum said with a quick snort and chuckle. "I already know everything I need to know."

"I also know about your second Specter," Ardum said. "To think that you would have the luck to get your hands on a Possession Specter."

Immediately, the atmosphere became even tenser.

Nick's eyes widened, and he immediately became worried and suspicious.

And then, Nick noticed something.

Ardum's hand had slightly twitched just now.

Nick had only noticed the hand because he stood beside Wyntor.

'That's a signal!' Nick realized.

Nick knew that the signal wasn't for Wyntor or for him.

There were no Extractors around Ardum, and Jenny couldn't have seen it since Wyntor's body was between her eyes and Ardum's hand.

However…

Nick turned to look at Trevor…

Who quickly looked away from Ardum's hand!

The next moment, Trevor looked into Nick's eyes and noticed that Nick had noticed.

Trevor's face turned white.

"Oops," Ardum said with a smirk.

Then, he turned to look at Trevor openly.

"Shouldn't have asked for so much money," he said with an evil smirk.

Jenny gasped and stepped away from Trevor.

Nick narrowed his eyes.

Trevor had been a bit suspicious since the start.

Trevor's interview had been too smooth, and Trevor had seemed way too perfect for the role.

It was almost like Trevor was a born Zephyx Extractor.

He had a powerful will, was extremely good with people, was tall and powerful, and, most of all, he was intelligent and cunning.

Trevor was just too good at everything.

It was almost impossible not to hire him.

Trevor looked with a shocked face at Ardum.

It was almost like he couldn't believe what he had just heard.

It was like he had been thrown into a nightmare.

"I told you," Wyntor said evenly to Ardum. "You should stop talking before your ears become deaf."

"Expect Pator's head in the mail tomorrow."

Everyone immediately turned to look at Wyntor.

Pator?

Why Pator?

Pator wasn't even here!

Ardum's eyes also opened widely. "What?" he asked.

"You think your schemes work against me? Please!" Wyntor said with a disgusted sneer. "You always thought yourself to be so intelligent and above everyone else, and to be fair, you are very intelligent."

"But you are also way too arrogant and confident. Just like an adrenaline junky, you want to give your enemy hints but don't want them to realize that the hints are actually hints."

Ardum suddenly started laughing.

"Oh, Winny, you're always acting like you have the world in your pocket."

Then, Ardum turned around, and his expression darkened.

"I just hope, as your brother, that it doesn't one day swallow you."

At that moment, the atmosphere changed again, but this time, it wasn't due to the four people of Dark Dream.

Instead, some of the onlookers had narrowed their eyes at Ardum with displeasure.

Apparently, what he had just said was not something they liked to hear.

However, Wyntor didn't answer and waited for Ardum to walk away.

"Are you willing to do it?" Wyntor asked.

"Huh?" Nick asked back.

"Kill Pator," Wyntor added coldly.

Silence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89 89 – Pator
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Kill Pator?" Nick repeated in shock. "Why?"

"Because he's Ardum's spy," Wyntor said coldly without turning to look at Nick.

"How do you know?" Nick asked.

Wyntor looked around and saw several people looking at them.

"Let's talk outside," he said, leading his group out of the huge warehouse.

The three of them followed Wyntor in shock.

After leaving the warehouse, they walked back to Dark Dream in silence.

Nobody dared to speak up.

Pator?

A spy?

The little boy?

Pator was maybe 14 years old.

Pator had been nice to everyone, and he had always happily supported them.

How could he be a spy?

Which 14-year-old actually had the guts to work as a double agent in something as sensitive as Zephyx manufacturing?

The walk back to Dark Dream felt like it went on for an eternity.

Eventually, the four of them walked through Dark Dream's doors.

"Welcome back! How was shopping?" an excited Pator asked.

"Pretty good," Wyntor answered neutrally. "We got some good deals."

"Pator, could you deal with Horua for a bit longer? I need Nick and the others for a bit," Wyntor added.

"No problem!" Pator answered before standing up and walking out of the warehouse.

However, before Pator reached the door, he stopped to look at Jenny.

"Is something wrong, Jenny?" he asked.

"What?" Jenny answered, shocked, like she had just been woken up from a daydream. "No, nothing's wrong!"

Pator looked a bit worried. "Don't let things get to your head, okay?" he said.

"S-sure," Jenny answered.

Pator smiled brightly, nodded, and walked out of the warehouse.

When the door closed, Jenny released a shaky breath, and a terrified look appeared in her eyes.

Thinking about the young and cheerful boy dying was too difficult to bear.

"Follow me," Wyntor said evenly as he walked to the Containment Unit holding the Screaming Coffin.

The three of them nervously followed Wyntor.

Wyntor typed on the console of the Containment Unit a bit before opening the employee door.

"Come in," Wyntor said as he entered the Containment Unit.

Jenny and Trevor took deep breaths.

They had no idea what was in there, but they knew it had to be a Specter.

Coming face to face with a new Specter was always terrifying.

"Don't worry," Nick said. "It's basically harmless. The Dreamer is way worse."

Trevor and Jenny just looked at each other before entering.

After the four of them entered, the employee door closed, and they all saw the Screaming Coffin.

Trevor and Jenny just looked at it in shock.

It was just a coffin?

Was that it?

Right now, the Screaming Coffin was just lying on the ground, doing nothing.

"Jenny, what do you know about it?" Wyntor asked without looking at her.

Jenny looked with uncertainty at Wyntor. "You said it eats corpses."

Wyntor nodded. "Trevor, what do you know about it?"

"That it screams a lot," he said, realization appearing in his eyes.

Nick and Jenny hadn't realized it yet.

Wyntor turned to look at his three employees.

"I told all of you different details about the Screaming Coffin," he said.

"Nick knows everything since he caught it and works with it."

"Trevor knows that it screams a lot."

"Jenny knows that it eats corpses."

"And Pator knows that it's a Possession Specter."

"None of you are privy to the details I told the other ones, and you also have barely any time to meet during the day to exchange information. Additionally, I told all of you to not share your information with anyone but Nick."

"Ardum said that he knows that I have a Possession Specter, and only Pator knew that."

"Therefore, Pator is the spy."

Silence.

The three of them had troubled expressions on their faces.

However, it was just too difficult to believe that such a young kid was capable of such a massive feat of deception.

Whether they wanted to or not, Jenny's and Trevor's eyes landed on Nick.

Nick also knew everything about the Screaming Coffin.

He could have also leaked it.

Nick took a deep breath.

Naturally, he had noticed the others' expressions, and he knew what they were thinking.

"It's not Nick," Wyntor said.

Trevor and Jenny felt called out and ashamed.

After all, Nick was their boss.

Yet…

"Nick is too dumb and honest to be a spy," Wyntor said.

Nick awkwardly scratched the back of his head.

He wasn't that dumb.

"Nick is either the best manipulator in the entire world or no manipulator at all," Wyntor said. "Trust me, I put Nick through so many tests that it is basically impossible for him to be a spy."

Nick's eyes widened. "Tests? There were no tests!"

"Questions about things we both already know the answer to. If you keep lying and someone inquires further, you have to keep lying, and you have to keep this web of complicated lies coherent and logical. By continually asking you about details, you would eventually slip up if you were lying."

"Asking you to explain things while in a very emotional situation. Lying takes a lot of brainpower, and faking emotions also does. Doing both at once is extremely difficult."

"I also kept questioning your morals and why you believe in what you believe in."

"I've been testing you for months, Nick," Wyntor said. "And I am quite certain that I can trust you with my life."

Nick felt too shocked to respond immediately.

"That sounds unrealistic," Nick said.

Wyntor just snorted. "These things have been drilled into my head ever since I was just five. By now, it's unrealistic not to do it to everyone I meet."

"But you didn't realize that Pator was a spy?" Nick asked.

A moment later, Nick felt bad.

That was not an appropriate comment.

However, Wyntor just sighed.

"The signs were there," Wyntor said before looking at the Screaming Coffin absentmindedly.

"I guess I just ignored them since he's been my servant for the last two years."

"He was the only one I could openly talk to in that oppressive mansion."

Silence.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90 90 – What’s One More?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Who's going to do it?" Wyntor asked, just looking at the Screaming Coffin.

It was almost like he was looking at an actual coffin.

"I can do it."

Everyone turned to look at Trevor.

"You hired me for these kinds of missions anyway," Trevor said with a sigh.

Naturally, as someone from the Dregs, Trevor had gone through a lot of shit in his life, but killing someone was still something he had never done before.

But now, he was willing to actually go through with it.

Even more, his target was a 14-year-old.

Jenny looked at Trevor and felt quite bad.

Jenny already felt guilty since she had suspected Trevor of being a traitor earlier, and Trevor volunteering to kill a kid definitely didn't help.

"That's not your job," Nick said with a sigh.

"Dealing with employees is my job," he added.

Then, Nick looked at the ground with an almost apathetic expression.

"Additionally, Pator isn't the first person I killed," he whispered.

Jenny took a deep breath.

She had heard that Nick might have already killed someone, but it was still difficult to combine the concept of a murderer with her image of Nick in her mind.

Nick was such a happy-go-lucky guy, and he was willing to go through a lot of effort for his employees.

He was honest, friendly, nice, and almost playful.

Yet, he had also killed several people before.

The contrast was just too stark.

"Are you sure?" Trevor asked with a concerned expression as he came closer to Nick.

Nick wordlessly nodded as he raised his head to look at Trevor.

Or, more accurately, look through him.

"Of course," Nick said with a neutral tone as his unfocused eyes stared through Trevor.

It was almost like Nick was looking at nothing and talking to no one.

Trevor felt a cold shudder run down his back as he saw Nick's expression.

When Jenny saw Nick's expression, she could finally combine the concepts of a murderer with Nick in her mind.

She couldn't imagine Nick killing anyone earlier, but she could imagine Nick lifelessly strangling the life out of someone while wearing that expression.

It was so apathetic, disjointed, and distant.

It was almost like Nick had been replaced with a puppet.

"Okay," Trevor said, managing to keep his voice stable. "Then, I'll leave it up to you."

Nick just nodded.

Near the coffin, Wyntor took a deep breath.

He had turned to look at Nick just now, and he had also seen his expression.

'He doesn't deserve this,' Wyntor thought. 'He's completely dissociating.'

'Is that really someone I want to trust my employees with?'

Wyntor just turned away again, a thoughtful expression on his face.

'I don't really have a choice. Additionally, he's trustworthy.'

'Maybe dissociating like this won't ruin his positive outlook on life.'

Wyntor sighed again, and his head lowered.

'I'm pathetic,' Wyntor thought with a bitter smile.

'I just wanted to test their loyalty and deal with Pator myself. After all, I was the one that brought Pator.'

Wyntor's fists clenched.

'But I can't do it.'

'I just can't do it.'

Wyntor turned around and looked at Nick.

Nick just mindlessly nodded towards Wyntor.

When he saw Nick's dissociated expression again, Wyntor felt like he was the most despicable scum on Earth.

He saw what effect killing people had on Nick.

And yet, he also knew that Nick could handle it.

Nick had already killed so many people.

What was one more?

What difference did it make?

Did Wyntor really need to worry so much about whether it was bad or not to send Nick to kill Pator?

Wyntor tried to reason with his emotions, but it didn't help.

'In the end, I'm running from my own weakness,' Wyntor thought.

Wyntor nodded toward Nick with a neutral expression, his inner conflict not visible on his face.

'I can't solve this issue, which is why I send Nick to deal with it for me.'

Nick turned around and opened the employee door of the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

At that moment, Wyntor remembered the conversation he had with Nick after Horua had declined to work with the Dreamer.

'This is his responsibility, huh?' Wyntor thought, feeling disgusted with his own hypocrisy.

'I told him to deal with his problems and his responsibilities.'

'But here I am, putting my responsibilities on his shoulders.'

'I'm sorry, Nick,' Wyntor thought as he turned back to look at the coffin.

'I'll repay you in the future.'

Jenny and Trevor watched Nick leave with sympathetic expressions.

Trevor wanted to do it himself, but he just couldn't bring himself to speak up.

Nick looked so young.

He was just 16 years old.

Meanwhile, Trevor was over 20.

In Trevor's mind, it was like one kid killing another kid.

If something like this had to be done, then it should be done by an adult.

And yet…

Trevor sighed.

He just couldn't do it.

He just couldn't.

Meanwhile, Jenny just felt bad for Nick.

Nick was her boss, and things like these were his responsibility.

She knew all of that, but she still felt sorry for him.

After Nick left, no one said a word for a long time.

Jenny and Trevor also didn't want to leave.

They felt like they should wait here for Nick's return.

While they couldn't take care of Nick's troubles, they could, at least, show that they were standing with him.

Meanwhile, Nick left Dark Dream with a blank expression on his face.

Like a machine, Nick crossed the road and walked into the hotel.

"Welcome back, Nick!" a receptionist shouted.

Nick just nodded as he entered the staircase.

After climbing the stairs, Nick walked up to Horua's room.

Right now, Pator should be dealing with Horua.

Based on the time, Horua's clothes and the bedding needed to be changed since breakfast had happened just an hour or so ago.

For just a moment, Nick stopped in front of the door.

Then, he put his hand on it, opened it, and walked inside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91 91 – Doing the Deed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Nick closed the door behind him, he heard Pator's voice coming from the living room.

Nick hadn't entered loudly, which meant that Pator hadn't noticed that Nick was now with him in the small apartment.

"I just don't know, Horua."

Pator's voice sounded tense and troubled.

"I just don't know what to do."

"I've been stuck in this horrible position where I have to choose between two horrible things."

"Do I keep reporting these things and do more damage to Master Wyntor, or do I come clean and lose all of my qualifications?"

Nick slowly and silently walked through the hallway.

"If I tell Master Wyntor what's been going on for three years, I will be severely punished, thrown out of the household, and I will get all my belongings confiscated."

"No one would want to hire me anymore since something like this is the worst thing you can do as a servant."

"And with no job, I will be thrown out of the Inner City."

"And then, I will be thrown into the Dregs."

"Even more, I will lose everyone I know!"

By now, Pator's voice began to tremble again.

"I don't want to lose everything!"

Pator sobbed.

By now, the door to the room had silently opened, and Nick absentmindedly stared in Pator's direction.

At this moment, Pator stood in front of Horua, who was sitting on the bed.

Horua's expression was almost identical to Nick's.

"I wish I never accepted," Pator said through sobs as he cleaned his eyes with his sleeves.

"But I was just eleven! How could I have known that things would turn out this way?!"

"I always thought that it would just be a small side gig to earn a couple of credits."

Pator took a deep and shaky breath.

"Who could have guess-"

CRACK!

A splash of blood appeared on Horua's face.

Pator's body fell forward, his face hitting the edge of the bed.

The back of his head was completely smashed in, parts of his brain having scattered across the room.

Nick stood behind Pator's corpse, his right hand covered in blood and brain matter.

Nick looked down at Pator's body.

Then, he slowly bowed down and grabbed Pator's neck.

Crk! Crk! Crk!

When Pator's neck stopped resisting getting pushed around, Nick stood up again.

For just a couple of seconds, Nick looked at Pator.

His eyes were opened wide.

His mouth hung open.

A pool of red was rapidly growing beneath him.

Nick just watched for a bit.

Then, Nick walked to the side and grabbed a roll of one of many paper towels.

Pator had bought a bunch of these to deal with Horua's messes. Leaving the room every single time to get something to clean was unnecessary.

Nick unrolled the roll until he had a huge ball of paper towels in his hands.

Then, he shoved the ball into Pator's opened skull.

After grabbing some more, he put them into Pator's mouth and nose since they were also bleeding.

A second later, he took one of several bags and pulled it over Pator's head, fastening it with some straps.

Nick lifted the corpse and put it on one of the rugs inside the room.

This was quite an expensive room, which was why they even had something as luxurious as rugs.

Lastly, Nick rolled the rug with the body in it up before putting it to the side of the room.

With the body dealt with, Nick went on to absentmindedly clean the floor of Horua's room.

It took several minutes and many, many towels, but eventually, Nick got everything.

After inspecting the room thoroughly, Nick stood in the middle of the room.

He glanced at Horua.

That was when he saw the big splatter of blood on Horua's face, which had dripped down on his fresh clothing by now.

A kind smile appeared on Nick's face.

"Oh, let me get that for you," he said in a caring tone as he pulled more paper towels off the roll.

After carefully cleaning Horua's face, Nick changed his clothes as well.

When Nick saw Horua all clean and fresh, he nodded in satisfaction.

"Sorry, but I can't stay right now," he said as he bowed down to lift the rug. "I have to work."

Nick put the rug over his shoulder and slowly retreated from Horua's room.

After carefully closing the doors, Nick's smile vanished again, replaced by blankness.

Absentmindedly, Nick walked down the staircase.

When Nick exited the staircase, the clerk from earlier noticed him, and he had to blink a couple of times in shock.

"Nick, you can't just take our rug with you!" he shouted as he ran towards Nick.

"Bill me for it," Nick said with a neutral voice without turning around. "I need it for something."

The clerk was shocked and grabbed the side of his head in confusion and frustration.

"You can't just…"

He trailed off as he saw Nick just casually walking out of the hotel, not paying the clerk any attention.

For a couple of seconds, the clerk just watched Nick cross the road and enter the warehouse on the other side.

In the end, the clerk went back into the hotel to ask his supervisor about what to do.

After entering the warehouse, Nick closed the door behind him and walked up to the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

He hadn't seen anyone in the warehouse so far.

However, he also didn't have the brainpower or motivation to think about where everyone could be.

He just wanted to be done with this matter and continue his life.

Nick opened the employee door of the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and stepped inside.

Inside the Containment Unit, Jenny, Trevor, and Wyntor turned to look at Nick.

Nick's eyes regained focus as he blinked a couple of times in surprise.

"Oh, didn't know you guys were still in here," Nick said with a bit of surprise. "I thought you would have gone home."

When the three of them heard Nick's casual tone, they felt like they had been stabbed in the chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92 92 – Drinks
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For several seconds, nobody said anything.

Nick just raised an eyebrow. "Man, the atmosphere in here is gloomy. Did someone die?"

Jenny's expression became more worried.

Trevor took a deep breath.

Wyntor looked at the ground with furrowed brows.

"No, we're here to support you, boss!" Trevor said with a smile as he stepped forward.

"Support me?" Nick repeated in surprise. "With what?"

Trevor reached Nick and grabbed hold of the carpet, lifting it off Nick's shoulder. "With this, of course!" he said with a bright and casual smile.

"You can leave this here. We're going to deal with the rest of this matter. Why don't you go back to Horua? He probably needs you right now."

Nick just looked at Trevor with surprise.

It felt strange.

The way Trevor was acting felt unfamiliar to Nick.

Trevor was acting like nothing was wrong and was talking to Nick like it was just any other day.

For some reason, Nick felt his insides shake, and he took a deep breath.

"Don't worry!" Jenny spoke loudly from behind Trevor. "We're going to take care of things here. You just go have a nice day, okay?"

Nick also looked at Jenny with a slightly confused look.

"You did well, Nick," Wyntor said, trying to portray a warm voice but failing. "We'll deal with everything else. Take the rest of the day off."

Nick looked between the three people with uncertainty.

He was not used to being treated like this.

Usually, he was the one that had to deal with the worst things.

And when he felt regret and pain, nobody was usually there to talk to him.

When he had killed that one woman, he hadn't talked to anyone for days, if not weeks.

When he had come into contact with the Nightmare in the sewers, he also had been alone.

When he had thrown Horua to the Dreamer, he also hadn't talked with anyone after.

Nick had expected that the same thing would be true today as well.

He would dump Pator's corpse in front of the Screaming Coffin, leave, stay in his room for a couple of hours, deal with Horua, stay in his room for a couple more hours, and then go to sleep.

And then, he would just return to work.

Like always.

But this time, Nick's three colleagues showed their support, and they would be dealing with the latter part of this event.

Even more, they were acting like nothing was wrong.

'They're acting like I didn't just kill a kid,' Nick thought as his insides shook.

'But am I not doing the same thing?'

Nick's gaze drifted towards the ground.

"Wanna go out for a drink later?"

Nick looked at Trevor.

"What?" he asked.

"Go out for a drink," Trevor said with a smirk. "I know this really good place that sells amazing drinks, and I feel like today is a good day for a couple of them."

Nick blinked a couple of times. "Drinks? Like water?"

"No, alcohol," Trevor answered with a laugh.

Nick had seen a couple of people drinking alcohol in the Dregs before, but it was more on the rare side since alcohol was so expensive.

He had only heard a couple of things about it, and he felt like it wasn't a good use of money.

"I really don't-"

"Oh, come on," Trevor said as he stepped forward to lightly hit Nick's shoulder. "Don't knock it till you try it! If you still don't like it after trying it, you can just stop drinking. Also, if it's that much of an issue, just view it as being polite to me."

"So, what do you say? You interested?" he asked with a smirk.

Nick just looked with a mix of absentmindedness and confusion at Trevor for a while.

Then, he just nodded without thinking about it.

"Great stuff!" Trevor said with a laugh, giving Nick's shoulder another hit. "I'll get you at three, okay?"

"Sure," Nick answered on instinct.

"Sounds great! Now, get out of here! You got some relaxing to do!" Trevor shouted as he pushed Nick towards the door.

Nick didn't resist, and before he knew it, he was outside the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

The door behind him was closed, and he was alone.

For several seconds, Nick just looked forward, not focusing on anything.

Finally, he slowly walked forward toward his own room in the hotel.

Meanwhile, inside the Containment Unit, Trevor released a big breath he was holding and cleaned his head of some accumulated sweat.

After turning around, he saw Jenny and Wyntor looking at him.

"What?" Trevor asked. "I couldn't just leave the poor guy like this. He probably went through some rough shit today."

A smile appeared on Jenny's face. "Thank you," she said quietly.

At this moment, Jenny felt useless.

Nick had dealt with Pator, and Trevor had supported Nick emotionally.

And she?

What had she done?

Nothing.

She just stood on the sidelines, watching.

Right now, Jenny wished that she could do something.

Her eyes went to the rug.

To her, the presence of the rug was more terrifying than the presence of the Screaming Coffin.

She knew exactly what was in there.

Maybe, she could…

But then, Wyntor stepped forward without saying anything and unfurled the rug himself.

Pator's body was revealed.

It was like a cold shudder went through the room.

The corpse looked like Pator, but Trevor and Jenny couldn't believe it was the actual Pator.

A corpse looked so very different from a living human.

"I'm a man of my word," Wyntor said, not sure whether he was talking to himself or his employees.

Silence.

"What do you-"

"Let's go," Trevor said in a quiet but urgent voice towards Jenny.

Jenny was confused, but she walked towards Trevor.

The two of them left the Containment Unit.

"What's going on?" Jenny asked Trevor.

Trevor furrowed his brows. "Don't you remember what he said to his brother before he left?"

The conversation between Wyntor and Ardum shot through Jenny's head.

Then, her eyes widened in realization.

Meanwhile, inside the Containment Unit, Wyntor pulled out a long and sharp knife.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93 93 – The Day
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next couple of hours passed by rather quickly for Nick.

Since Nick had essentially just cleaned Horua, he didn't need to check up on him yet.

So, Nick just went back to his room.

However, after just a couple of minutes, he became very agitated and left again.

For the next couple of hours, Nick just walked around the marketplace of the Outer City, buying a couple of things he was interested in.

Nick met quite a few people and talked with them animatedly.

Usually, Nick didn't start conversations with random strangers, but today, things were a bit different.

Nick was in the mood to talk to strangers and to strike up conversations everywhere.

Of course, some of the people felt weirded out, but Nick just ended the conversation quickly when he noticed that they were not into it.

Nick ate some great food, bought some great stuff, and had many interesting conversations.

When it was close to the time he was supposed to go out drinking with Trevor, he walked back to the hotel.

Nick had to check up on Horua again.

When Nick entered the room, he did a double take when he looked at the ground.

For just a second, he felt like he had seen Pator's corpse lying there.

Yet, the next instant, it was gone.

Nick quickly shook his head to regain his bearings and looked at Horua.

When he did, Nick had to sigh.

"Right," he said helplessly. "I haven't checked up on you in six hours. That's quite a long time."

Horua had already gone to the toilet, and some of his muscles were slightly shaking, which was a sign of his muscles cramping and straining.

For the next 30 minutes, Nick kept cleaning Horua and giving him a bath.

When Nick heard Horua's stomach growling, he could only sigh.

A moment later, Nick went to the warehouse and canceled his outing with Trevor.

He couldn't go like this.

He couldn't just leave Horua like this.

Horua needed him.

Trevor said that Nick could just hire someone, but Nick said that it was too troublesome and that he didn't trust a random stranger with Horua's health.

Horua's well-being was Nick's responsibility, and he would never run from it again.

In the end, Trevor could only relent.

Being too pushy with Nick might result in some discord between them.

Eventually, Nick returned to Horua with a soup and fed him.

After that, Nick massaged Horua's strained muscles some more.

For the next two hours, Nick just helped Horua with various things.

And then, he just waited.

Horua was clean, fed, and relaxed.

But soon, there would be something to do again.

For the next couple of hours, Nick just kept watching over Horua, making sure that he always had clean clothing, food, and relaxation.

Eventually, it was time for Horua to sleep, and Nick tucked him in.

After that, Nick went to his own room and tried to sleep.

It was difficult.

For over two hours, Nick just stared at the ceiling of his room without being able to fall asleep.

Then, he stood up and checked on Horua.

After that, another two hours of staring at the ceiling followed.

Eventually, Nick gave up and just walked around outside.

There were not many people on the streets, and Nick felt quite relaxed.

It was interesting to look at the Outer City during nighttime.

When it was five a.m., Nick woke up Horua and gave him breakfast.

In the middle of breakfast, someone knocked on the door, and Nick opened it.

It was a girl about Nick's age, and she looked at Nick with a bright smile.

"Are you sir Nick?" she asked.

"I'm Nick," he answered in confusion.

"My name's Marie, and I'm Master Wyntor's new assistant! I'm looking forward to working with you!" Marie said with a chipper voice and a polite bow.

"Oh," Nick said in surprise. "Right. That makes sense."

"May I come in?" she asked.

"Sure," Nick said, letting her in.

Marie looked around and entered Horua's room. "This is Horua, correct?"

Nick nodded.

"May you teach me about taking care of him?"

"Eh, sure," Nick answered.

For the next hour, Nick instructed Marie about what to do, and she listened attentively.

After making a timetable, she read it to Nick and asked him if it was okay.

Nick nodded.

She checked up on Horua every two hours and perfectly did everything that needed to be done.

"Thank you, sir," Marie said with a sweet smile. "I will take care of things for now."

"Of course," Nick said with a smile. By now, he had gotten familiar with Marie, and he liked her quite a bit.

Nick left Horua's room and entered Dark Dream.

Nick could tell that Wyntor was already there since the big lock on his office had been opened.

Wyntor's working times were almost identical to Nick's.

If he didn't have a meeting, Wyntor was available from about six a.m. to four p.m.

He chose these times so that he would meet all of his employees at least once per day.

He would meet Nick and Trevor in the morning, and he would meet Nick and Jenny in the afternoon.

Nick didn't have anything to talk to Wyntor about right now, which was why he walked towards the Screaming Coffin.

'Oh, right!' Nick thought on his way. 'I forgot to feed the Screaming Coffin yesterday!'

Yet, when Nick entered the Containment Unit, he saw the coffin just lying there.

'Someone fed it already?'

That was when the image of Pator's body shot through Nick's mind.

'Right…'

'Not sure how long that will keep the coffin busy.'

'His body wasn't very big…'

Nevertheless, Nick left the Containment Unit and went to the Dreamer.

'Huh, seems like Trevor didn't take a day off,' Nick thought when he saw the sleeping Trevor in front of the Dreamer.

After a bit of talking, Trevor left, and Nick sat down.

Sleep didn't take long to arrive.

The Dreamer made sure of that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94 94 – Favor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eventually, Nick was woken up by Jenny.

"Hey, how do you feel?" she asked.

Nick took about a second to process the words Jenny had just uttered.

"I dunno," he answered with slurred speech.

Jenny's expression became more worried.

"Is everything alright?" she asked.

"Yeah, sure," Nick said as he slowly stood up.

Suddenly, Nick felt like his head was killing him.

There was this droning and pressure in his head, and when he stood up, he felt like he was about to fall over.

Nick felt like his eyes were forced open by some kind of force, but there was nothing there.

Nick's heart beat quickly, and he realized that he was covered in sweat.

"You don't look good," Jenny said with worry.

"It's fine," Nick said with an unusually loud voice.

Jenny was taken aback by Nick's outburst.

"Sorry, sorry," Nick quickly said with an embarrassed smile. "That came out more aggressive than intended."

"It's just… forget it," Nick said as he walked towards the exit.

"You can tell me," Jenny said, looking as Nick passed by her.

"It's fine," Nick said with a dismissive wave.

"No, it's not," Jenny said with an urgent voice. "If there is anything I can do, tell me!"

Nick stopped walking and turned to look at her with a raised eyebrow.

Right now, Jenny looked urgent and almost desperate.

She looked like she really cared about this issue.

The muscles in Nick's face tensed up.

"Okay, if you really want to know…" Nick said.

Jenny listened intently.

"I feel like you're a bit too forward with your concern for me," Nick said neutrally. "Let my problems be my problems. We are colleagues. That's it."

Nick looked into Jenny's eyes.

Jenny felt more nervous when she heard Nick's cold voice.

That wasn't what she wanted to hear.

She wanted to help Nick with his issues.

Trevor had managed to help Nick, and Wyntor was also helping him.

And she?

She hadn't done anything!

She just wanted to listen to Nick's worries and help him deal with them emotionally.

That's how it was with her and her partner.

Whenever one of them had issues, the other one would listen to them and help them deal with the issues.

Maybe one of them would cry, and everything would be better after that.

Yet, Nick had rejected Jenny's help very clearly.

"You seem too eager to help others," Nick said. "Sometimes, the biggest help is not helping."

Jenny still looked uncertain.

"Okay, sorry," she eventually said.

Nick nodded and walked out of the room.

In Nick's mind, Jenny seemed like someone who was way too eager to help someone with something that didn't need any support.

As Nick walked out of the Containment Unit, he thought about all the things he would help Horua with today.

He had a lot of things to do, and Horua needed help with all of them.

"Nick, I need you real quick."

Nick looked to the side and saw Wyntor standing at the entrance to his office.

"Sure," Nick said, walking into Wyntor's office.

Wyntor sat down, and Nick closed the door.

The next moment, Wyntor took out a briefcase.

The briefcase was made of silver metal and wasn't very big, but Nick could see Wyntor's arm strain when he lifted it.

"Open it," Wyntor said as he pushed the briefcase to Nick.

Nick looked at the briefcase with a raised eyebrow and slowly opened it.

When it was fully opened, a silver sheen was reflected on Nick's face, and his eyes opened widely in shock.

In the briefcase were four silver braces, two for Nick's wrists and two for his legs.

The two braces for Nick's wrists also had long and rounded blades on them.

Except for the color, they looked almost exactly like the ones Nick had shown Wyntor yesterday.

"These are for me?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded wordlessly.

Nick slowly moved his hands forward and lifted one of them.

'Heavy!' Nick immediately thought.

One of the braces for his wrists weighed over 20 kilograms!

That was absolutely insane!

Yes, Nick was very strong, but casually carrying 20 kilograms on a wrist was still quite straining.

"I ordered them for you to be just right when you reach the Peak of the first level," Wyntor said. "It makes no sense to give you weapons for the Late first level just for them to become obsolete in a week or two."

"With some training, you should be able to walk around with them casually, and you can also use them relatively well."

"However, they only show their real powers when your ability is active," Wyntor said.

The next moment, Wyntor turned around and looked away from Nick.

Almost immediately, the cuff in Nick's hands became very light.

Naturally, the cuff hadn't changed in weight. It was just Nick's ability activating.

Nick moved the cuff around a bit, and he liked the weight quite a lot.

It felt great!

Wyntor turned around again, and the cuff returned to being quite heavy.

"For now, you have to deal with the weight," Wyntor said, "but that should also help you get used to them."

Nick nodded. "How strong are they?"

"Your body will turn to ash before you have to worry about them," Wyntor said neutrally. "Your wrist will break into pieces before even a scratch appears on them."

Nick took a deep breath.

"How expensive were they?"

Wyntor released a sigh.

"A favor," Wyntor said.

"A favor?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "I didn't buy them for money but for a favor."

Nick gulped.

That probably meant that they were too expensive for the current Dark Dream.

Nick felt guilty and ashamed when he imagined how much Wyntor must have paid for his weapons.

He just wished that he could repay Wyntor.

Ironically, that was exactly what Wyntor thought while purchasing these weapons, but the other way around.

He just hoped that they could serve as a small repayment for what Nick had done for him.

"But I didn't sell that favor for cheap!" Wyntor said with a smirk.

Next, Wyntor stood up and grabbed something very heavy from below his desk.

BANG!

The entire table shook when Wyntor finally put another heavy briefcase on it.

This one was much bigger and obviously much heavier.

"I told you that I also want you to train in a weapon of my choosing."

"Well, here it is," he said, shoving the briefcase forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95 95 – Burden
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at the heavy briefcase with shock.

That looked REALLY heavy!

Wyntor basically had to use all his power just to lift it onto the table!

The briefcase was about 150 centimeters long and nearly half a meter wide.

Nick wasn't sure what kind of weapon was in there.

A big sword?

A club?

A rifle?

Nick slowly moved his hand forward and opened the briefcase.

The next moment, Nick's eyes widened in shock.

Five very long and thin spears!

"They're throwing spears," Wyntor said.

"Throwing spears?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "Your ability doesn't increase the Zephyx in your body from what I have seen. It only increases your physical power."

"There are guns that use the Zephyx of an Extractor as a power source, which means a stronger Extractor can unleash a stronger blast with the gun."

"However, such a weapon wouldn't take advantage of your ability. The guns use Zephyx. You use muscle."

"Since you are already set on using your arms and legs as weapons, I thought that a ranged option would be a good addition."

"These kinds of throwing spears need a lot of power to be thrown, but their power is incredible."

"The force of a projectile is made up of mass and acceleration. Guns use little mass and lots of acceleration, while your throwing spears use a lot of mass and little acceleration."

"Well, little for the standards of a gun. When you throw a spear, it will still be quite fast."

Nick grabbed one of the spears and lifted it.

It probably weighed about 30 kilos!

That was extremely heavy for a throwing spear.

However, when one took into account that Nick would soon become a Peak Newbie and his ability, the weight made a lot of sense.

As a Peak Newbie, Nick would be about five times as powerful as an average male adult, and with his ability, it would turn into 25 times.

When scaled to the power of a normal male adult, one throwing spear would only weigh a bit more than one kilo.

Throwing a spear that weighed one kilo sounded reasonable for an adult male.

Nick could definitely throw a 30-kilo spear with quite a lot of speed.

What would that even look like?

It was probably akin to the shot of a harpoon!

If a human were hit by that…

Many possibilities shot through Nick's mind when he looked at the five spears.

"I'm not very good at aiming," Nick said.

"Well, you have to learn," Wyntor answered. "Everyone needs to train with their weapons, and you're not any different."

"Naturally, I already found a teacher for you. He's ready to start and just waits for the starting signal."

"When do you want your training to be every day?" Wyntor asked.

Nick's mind blanked for a bit, and Horua's image shot through his head.

"Can that wait for now?" Nick said.

Wyntor frowned and looked at Nick. "Why?"

"I need to take care of Horua," Nick said.

"I'll just hire a second servant," Wyntor answered.

Nick became uncomfortable.

"I don't know," Nick said.

Wyntor's expression became solemn.

"How long will this continue?" Wyntor asked with a serious voice.

"What do you mean?" Nick asked.

"How long until you finally let go and just accept some help," Wyntor said.

"Yes, the boy's current condition is your responsibility, but nothing you do now can fix that. No matter what you do, you can't change the past."

Nick looked like he had just been stabbed in the chest.

"Stop trying to fix the past with actions in the present. It won't work."

"The boy's safety and health is your main concern, correct? You want him to be clean and healthy, right?"

Nick nodded.

"And are you in any way better than a servant from my family in that?" Wyntor asked.

Nick became more nervous. "It's not the same."

Wyntor snorted. "The boy can't perceive anything anyway. It doesn't matter who takes care of him as long as everything is done correctly."

"You're my Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick. I need you to be fully focused on the business. For what I'm paying you and with the future potential of Dark Dream, I could hire a Veteran."

"Nick, I need you on board with Dark Dream. You're not just a random employee that does their time and doesn't have to think about work after that."

"You're a chief officer of this company! Your payment and value are intrinsically connected to the business' success!" Wyntor explained.

"I just want to take care of him!" Nick suddenly shouted.

Silence.

Wyntor looked at him.

"Nick, it's not like you're not going to see him again," Wyntor said calmly. "You can visit him literally any time of the day. If you want to sit beside him while he's being fed, go ahead."

"I just can't use someone whose mind is occupied with taking care of a disabled person."

Nick gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

He felt like he was losing something important.

"I need some time to think about it," Nick said with a strained voice.

Wyntor frowned, but he didn't immediately answer.

"Fine," Wyntor said. "Important decisions need time to simmer."

"We'll talk again tomorrow morning. Come to my office before you work with the Dreamer."

Nick nodded before turning around.

"I think you forgot something," Wyntor said.

Nick turned back to look at Wyntor and saw him motioning to the two suitcases on the table.

"Oh, right," Nick said absentmindedly.

Nick put the weapons back into the suitcases and carried them out of Wyntor's office.

After the door closed, Wyntor released a sigh.

'Well, it could have gone better, but I managed to get my point across,' Wyntor thought.

Meanwhile, Nick just carried his two suitcases out of Dark Dream and entered the hotel on the other side of the street.

After entering his room, Nick put the two suitcases to the side, left again, and entered Horua's room.

When Nick saw Horua perfectly clean and healthy, he felt his insides shake.

Marie had taken good care of Horua while Nick was working.

Nick just silently looked at Horua for a while.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96 96 – I’m Sorry
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

There was nothing for Nick to do in Horua's room.

Marie had taken care of everything.

So, Nick just sat down beside Horua and started to talk.

"When will you wake up?" Nick asked, not looking at Horua.

Naturally, Horua didn't answer.

"You've been like that for over three months by now, and you show no sign of improvement."

No answer.

"You're going to turn twelve soon."

"Three months gone, just like that."

Nick sighed.

"But what am I supposed to do?"

"I didn't want it to end up this way."

"I wanted to give you a future."

"But, of course, I was an absolute idiot and forced you into something when you weren't ready yet."

"I can't believe that I actually asked a child to work with the Dreamer."

"If anyone else had done something like that, I would believe them to be cruel and stupid."

Nick sighed again.

"And yet, it was me."

"I was the one that did that."

Nick turned to look at Horua.

"And now, you're like this."

"Because of me."

Nick took a shaky breath.

"I honestly don't know what to do."

"What can I do to make this right?"

"I looked after you for three months, and I will continue looking after you until your condition turns for the better."

"But isn't there something else I can do?"

"Is there anything I can do on top of that?"

"Anything?"

"Should I bring you something?"

"Should I buy you something?"

Nick remained silent for a while.

"I don't know what to do, Horua," he said.

Silence.

Nick just sat beside Horua for several minutes, lost in thought.

Horua just kept staring forward with dead eyes.

"It feels like regret and guilt are eating me up from the inside, Horua," Nick said with a shaky voice.

"Whenever there is a quiet moment, the droning in my chest gets louder and louder until I get overwhelmed."

"I just want to make this right."

"I just want to help you."

"I know I fucked up, Horua, but I'm going to do everything in my power to help you!" Nick said with conviction as he turned to look at Horua.

"I'm going to make this right!"

"No matter what it costs!"

"No matter what it takes!"

Yet, Horua didn't look at Nick.

He just kept staring forward.

Seconds and minutes passed.

There was nothing for Nick to do since Horua didn't need anything right now.

Nick didn't have anything to do for his work as well.

To top it all off, the lack of sleep was making it harder for Nick to think clearly.

Time seemed to pass quickly for one second, then very slowly the next.

It was like time was coming in waves, and Nick's perception of it was warping.

Nick didn't know how long he sat beside Horua, but it wasn't long enough for Horua to need something again.

"I'm sorry."

"I'm sorry, Horua," Nick whispered.

Tears formed in Nick's eyes as his breathing quickened.

"I'm so sorry."

"I fucked up, Horua."

"I'm sorry."

"I didn't want any of this to happen."

"I just wanted to help you."

"I'm so sorry."

By now, Nick's tears were rolling down his face.

He didn't dare to look at the current Horua.

Nick only looked at the ground.

"I'm sorry."

"Please, wake up."

"I'm sorry."

Crying.

For a long time, Nick cried, repeating that he was sorry over and over.

He just kept looking at the ground.

Slowly, Nick put his face in his hands, and his sobbing became more intense.

After a while, Nick wasn't even sure anymore what he was crying about.

There were so many reasons to cry.

The people he killed.

Pator.

Horua.

The things he had done in the past.

With his tired mind, all of these things just swirled together into a mass of guilt and suffering.

Everything was shit.

Nick had done the most horrible things.

He was responsible for Horua's current condition.

He killed another kid just yesterday.

He killed over ten people within the last week.

Nick was practical due to his life in the Dregs, but he wasn't a coldhearted monster.

He didn't want to do all of these horrible things.

And yet, for one reason or another, these things had still happened.

Everything was horrible.

Yesterday was horrible.

Today was horrible.

Tomorrow would be horrible.

Why was he doing all of this?

Money?

Fame?

What was the point of any of this when he felt his insides consuming him in moments when he should feel calm and content?!

Eventually, Nick was pulled out of his thoughts by Horua needing to get cleaned again.

In contrast to how Nick felt when he entered the room, he now didn't feel like helping Horua.

It was like the task was so difficult, challenging, and lengthy.

Nevertheless, Horua was his responsibility, and Nick cleaned Horua and changed his clothing.

When Nick was done, he just absentmindedly looked at Horua.

After crying for so long, how did Nick feel?

Like shit.

People said that crying helped in dealing with emotions, but Nick felt none of that right now.

He just felt hollow and horrible.

All the things he had to do felt like a daunting task that required a mountain of effort.

After looking at Horua silently for a while, Nick left to buy some food for the two of them.

When he was done feeding Horua, Nick put him to bed, even though it was still too early for Horua's bedtime.

'It's fine when he goes to bed a couple hours early one day,' Nick thought.

After putting Horua to sleep, Nick went to his own room and fell into his bed.

He didn't even change his clothing or drink anything.

He just didn't care anymore.

Nothing mattered anymore.

He just wanted his consciousness to vanish into the blissful oblivion of sleep.

Nick didn't move in his bed.

And just a couple of minutes later, Nick fell asleep.

Finally, Nick didn't have to face the world anymore.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97 97 – Effort
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick woke up.

...

He just stared at the ceiling.

…

He didn't think.

After several minutes, his eyes moved to the side, to the clock in his room.

Five a.m.

Considering that he went to bed at something like six p.m., he slept for something like eleven hours.

Nick wasn't sure if he had ever slept for this long.

'I don't want to work,' Nick thought.

'I just want to keep lying here.'

'I just want to…'

'…'

'I don't know.'

'I don't know what I want.'

The past day shot through Nick's mind.

As soon as Nick remembered what happened the last two days, his jaw clenched, and he felt a dark hole opening up in his chest.

Nick turned over and tried to distract his mind from yesterday's memories.

Suddenly, Nick shot up from his bed, his eyes wide.

"Horua!" he shouted.

Nick stood up and quickly changed his clothing.

After cleaning himself rapidly, Nick rushed out of his room and entered Horua's room.

When Nick saw Horua, his insides shook again.

Horua's muscles were tense, and the entire room was stinking of piss and shit.

Flies had already come into the room and were flying around Horua's shit-covered pants.

Guilt immediately overwhelmed Nick.

Horua was his responsibility, and once again, he had messed up.

Nick just silently started to clean Horua before feeding him breakfast.

"Good Morning, sir!"

Nick turned around and saw Marie entering Horua's room.

"Hi," Nick said.

Marie's nose moved a bit as she smelled the foul odor in the room, but her smile never vanished from her face.

"I'll take over for today," Marie said with a warm voice.

Nick turned away and gritted his teeth.

He could tell that the room was still stinking to the high heavens, and he knew that Marie smelled it.

'She probably thinks that I neglected Horua and that I am a horrible person,' Nick thought.

'And she would be right.'

"Of course," Nick said in a quiet voice before standing up. "I'll leave things to you."

"Is everything alright, sir?" Marie asked as Nick walked towards the door.

Instead of slowing down, Nick sped up a bit.

"No, everything's fine. Thanks for asking."

And the door closed behind him.

Inside Horua's room, Marie looked at the door with a worried expression.

After stepping out of the room, Nick took a deep breath and slowed down.

'Right, I need to work,' Nick thought slowly.

Nick stopped walking and just stood in the middle of the hallway, not doing anything.

He just was looking at the ground with an absentminded expression.

He really, really didn't want to work.

Nick never had any issues with going to work before.

In fact, he had always been looking forward to it.

He was earning money, becoming stronger, meeting his colleagues, and advancing in life.

But now, it just felt like a hassle.

It felt like a waste of time.

What was the point?

But then, Nick remembered something and took a deep breath.

'If I don't go, nobody will wake up Trevor.'

Eventually, Nick left the hotel.

When the clerk greeted him, Nick just wordlessly waved, not even turning to look at him.

After entering the warehouse, Nick walked towards the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

"We were supposed to talk this morning."

Nick stopped and turned to his side.

Wyntor was looking at Nick from his office, the door open.

That was when Nick remembered that he was supposed to talk with Wyntor about hiring a second assistant for Horua and his weapons.

This memory triggered another memory, which was the existence of Nick's weapons.

He was probably supposed to wear them to work.

Once more, Nick felt like a loser since he had disappointed yet another person.

When Nick thought about Horua, he specifically remembered his appearance from when he had found him this morning.

He had been in a horrible shape.

A moment later, Nick remembered what he had to do for Horua every day.

It was so much work.

But it was his responsibility.

Horua was like this because of him.

Offloading his responsibility onto someone else felt like running away.

But it was just so much work.

Nick couldn't even get a good night's rest without risking Horua's health.

But it was his responsibility.

But it was so much work.

But he was at fault.

But he was also failing at taking care of Horua.

But…

But…

When Wyntor saw Nick just standing in front of the Dreamer's Containment Unit, not paying attention to anything, he raised an eyebrow.

Something was going on with Nick.

Nick wasn't usually this quiet and absentminded.

"Nick?" Wyntor asked, standing up from his chair and leaving his office.

Nick slowly turned to look at Wyntor.

He still didn't have an answer to the issue.

When Wyntor saw that Nick still didn't answer, he frowned.

"Go home for today."

"Huh?" Nick uttered as his eyes regained focus.

"You're obviously overwhelmed with the current situation," Wyntor said with a neutral voice. "I'll wake Trevor. You go home for today and relax."

"Marie is going to take care of Horua for today, and I will also get someone to take care of him for the night."

"You need a day to relax and calm down," Wyntor said.

Suddenly, Nick felt lost again.

A day of relaxation?

What was he supposed to do with that?

'Now, I can't even work with the Dreamer anymore.'

'I can't take care of Horua.'

'I can't remember the things I have to do.'

'I can't work with the Dreamer.'

'Other people have to do my work.'

'Other people have to take care of Horua.'

'I'm a failure.'

Nick felt like the black hole in his chest was growing in size.

'I have a useless ability, don't know how to lead my employees, and cause problems for everyone else.'

'I'm a failure.'

"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he turned to exit the warehouse.

Wyntor watched Nick leave with furrowed brows.

The next moment, he started to scratch his chin as his eyes narrowed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98 98 – A Long Morning
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick absentmindedly left Dark Dream and walked to the hotel.

Without talking to anyone, Nick entered his room and fell onto his bed.

And just stared at the ceiling.

For several minutes.

Nick felt like he was thinking about something, but he had no idea what he was thinking about.

He just kept looking.

And thinking.

About ten minutes later, Nick turned to his side and looked at the wall.

He still wasn't sure what he was thinking about.

'I didn't want to work, and now, I don't have to work.'

Silence.

'I don't know.'

'I don't even know if I am happy that I don't have to work or not.'

'Now, I'm just lying here, doing nothing.'

Eventually, Nick closed his eyes.

'I don't care anymore.'

'I'll just go to sleep.'

Time passed.

30 minutes later, Nick opened his eyes again.

He hadn't fallen asleep.

He had just slept for about eleven hours, and his body didn't need nor want sleep right now.

Nick felt like he was wasting time by staying in bed like this.

But his legs just felt so heavy and difficult to move.

Also, what was the point of going out?

After eating something or talking to someone, things would just return to this state anyway.

All of these things were just momentary distractions between periods of pain.

Doing any of these things wouldn't change anything.

Why stand up and do things?

So, Nick just kept lying in his bed, not knowing what he was thinking about.

Time passed.

Nothing was happening.

Nothing was changing.

Nick noticed some trash on the ground.

It was annoying him.

But it felt like such a momentous task to clean it up.

'I can't even clean up my own room,' Nick thought.

'It's bothering me, but instead of cleaning up, I just keep lying here.'

Silence.

'I'm a failure.'

'I'm a burden.'

'I'm a murderer.'

Silence.

Nick's back bent, and he pulled his knees to his chest as he lay on the side.

He felt like his chest was tensing up.

'I'm pathetic.'

Time kept passing.

Nick's mood didn't improve.

Eventually, Nick had to go to the toilet and drank a bit of water.

After standing up, Nick didn't want to lie down anymore.

Instead, he just sat on his bed.

Minutes passed in which Nick was just looking at the ground.

Nick kept thinking about Horua and kept remembering that he didn't need to worry about him for the day.

There was nothing for him to do.

There was nothing that he wanted to do.

As time passed, Nick's emotions became louder, and he wanted to let them out.

Sadly, he couldn't let out his rage, or the entire room would break.

And when he remembered how he felt after crying yesterday, he also didn't dare to cry.

If he had simply kept all of his emotions inside, he wouldn't be feeling like shit right now.

Crying had been a mistake, and he wouldn't commit the same mistake again.

So, Nick was just stuck with his current emotions.

And they just kept festering inside of him with no way out.

Eventually, Nick started to hear kids playing outside the hotel.

Compared to the Dregs, the Outer City had more children, and they were also happier.

It was normal for the kids to start playing between eight and nine a.m.

This meant that two to three hours had already passed.

Nick had wasted the entire morning just staring at the wall and the ceiling.

And nothing had improved.

He felt just as horrible as in the morning.

As the playing of the kids grew louder, Nick's feelings started to change.

He became angry.

Here he was, feeling horrible pain and guilt, and outside, kids were happily playing while adults were happily going about their lives.

The bright light from outside seemed to burn the proverbial darkness in the room.

Nick clenched his fists in rage.

It was so unfair!

He was feeling so horrible, while others felt so good!

He hated it!

He just wanted everyone to shut up!

He just wanted everyone else to feel the same pain he was feeling!

And yet, Nick knew that he wouldn't truly do anything like this, which made him feel even worse.

He wasn't being a nice person right now, but he also wasn't decisive enough to be a bad one.

It was just a shitty middle ground.

Being in this room sucked!

Being outside sucked!

Being awake sucked!

No matter what he did or where he went, it didn't matter!

It was all the same anyway!

Nick curled up on the bed as he violently grabbed his head.

Why was everything horrible?

Why was his job horrible?

Why was the city horrible?

Why was life horrible?

Why was he horrible?

Nick couldn't find anything good about his life.

Although, there was one thing.

Sleep.

Nick just wanted to sleep.

During sleep, he wasn't feeling these things.

But he needed to wait twelve more hours, at least, until he could go to sleep again.

Eventually, Nick felt his eyes become wet again, but as soon as he noticed, he burrowed the urge to cry.

He had seen what had happened the last time, and he wouldn't do that again.

Nick pushed all the things he was feeling back, deep into the most remote corners of his mind.

After some minutes, Nick slowly sat up.

With an absentminded look, he stared at the wall again.

The playing coming from outside was so loud.

He felt like his entire world was shaking.

Nick's heart rate and his breathing sped up.

'Things can't keep on going like this.'

Now, Nick knew what he was thinking about.

Sweat started to break out across Nick's body.

His eyes focused on the wall.

His lips trembled.

The playing from outside was so loud but distant.

His room felt so grey and devoid of meaning.

Nick gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.

"I…" Nick said slowly.

Nick felt like his heart was banging in his ears.

"I…"

"I wish…"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99 99 – Something to Do
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I wish..."

"I wish..."

Nick's body began to shudder as his jaw tightened.

His breathing was rapid, and he tried his best to say the Sentence.

"I…"

"I…"

Nick gritted his teeth.

And then, Nick's body lost all strength, and he fell back onto the bed.

"I can't do it!"

At that moment, Nick began to cry loudly.

'I just can't do it!'

'How pathetic am I that I can't even kill myself?!'

'How pathetic am I that I even want to kill myself?!'

'I always saw the people that said the Sentence as weaklings, even if I didn't want to admit it.'

'I knew that I was stronger than them.'

'And yet, I just want this to be over!'

'There's nothing left!'

'What am I supposed to do with this shit stain of a life?!'

'What's the point?!'

For several minutes, Nick just cried.

And when he was done, he just felt empty again.

Crying hadn't helped one bit.

He had just felt horrible for a couple of minutes, and then, everything returned to its regular shitty self.

'I don't know what to do.'

Nick just continued looking at the ceiling as he closed his eyes.

Surprisingly, he actually managed to fall asleep this time.

The previous moment had been very stressful and exhausting.

When Nick woke up, he looked at the clock again.

'Six p.m.'

Silence.

'I don't know what to do.'

Nevertheless, after a couple of minutes, Nick stood up from his bed and left his room.

He didn't really want to leave his room, but he did it anyway and just started walking around.

There were still many people outside, but the crowds were slowly starting to die down.

As always, the sun shone directly onto Nick.

It was just as hot as always.

As he was walking around, Nick wasn't looking at anything in particular.

He also didn't have any goal in mind.

He just walked.

'I don't know,' Nick thought repeatedly as he randomly walked through the Outer City.

Some people greeted him, but Nick just waved them off with a curt answer before leaving.

Nick saw a couple of interesting things to buy, but he wasn't interested.

He saw some delicious food, but it didn't seem very appealing to him, even though he hadn't eaten anything for nearly 24 hours.

He just kept walking around.

"Sir, please wait a moment!"

Nick stopped as two guards appeared in front of him.

"Huh?" Nick uttered in absentminded confusion.

"Please, show us your Inner City ID," one of the guards spoke politely.

"Inner City ID? I don't have one of those," he said.

The guards frowned. "Then, we can't let you proceed."

"Huh?" Nick uttered again as he looked around.

At this moment, Nick stood in front of a humongous gate that was illuminated by many small bits of Arclight.

It was one of the gates to the Inner City.

Nick had no idea how he had gotten here.

'Guess I walked.'

"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he turned around to leave.

The guards just looked at him with a bit of confusion.

Eventually, Nick came back to his room, and a horrible night followed.

Falling asleep was extremely difficult, but he also didn't want to do anything.

There was nothing to do that interested Nick, but he also couldn't properly fall asleep.

Nevertheless, time continued to pass, and eventually, Nick actually managed to fall asleep again.

Sadly, the sleep wasn't very long since he had slept so much today already.

Nick woke up at three a.m. and left his room.

He would need to work in three hours anyway, which was why he went directly to Dark Dream.

Naturally, only Trevor was here during this time, but he was currently busy working with the Dreamer.

'I need something to do,' Nick thought as he looked around.

'I can't kill myself, and I also can't deal with these problems.'

'Life is still shit, but it seems like I'm stuck living it.'

'Next best thing is to ignore the pointlessness of everything and just do something.'

'The more time passes, the closer I am to death.'

At that point, Nick saw the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

'Right, I should check if everything is okay with it.'

Nick walked over to the Containment Unit and checked the Zephyx storage.

'Only seven grams,' Nick thought. 'I guess someone emptied it yesterday.'

After changing the storage, Nick went into the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

When Nick saw the Screaming Coffin shuffling about near the walls, he showed no reaction.

His eyes remained as neutral and lifeless as earlier.

"I guess Pator wasn't a lot to eat for you," Nick commented without any amusement.

Nick's voice sounded harsher than anticipated, but he didn't care enough to rectify it.

What was he supposed to do anyway? Apologize to the Screaming Coffin?

"Guess you need some food," Nick said.

When Nick thought about what he had to do to feed it, he became a bit uncertain for a moment.

He would need to go out and kill someone.

And yet, the more Nick thought about it, the less he cared.

Nick went through two horrible shit days, and he honestly couldn't give less of a shit about some random rapist from the Dregs.

'I need something to do anyway.'

When Nick had spoken earlier, the Screaming Coffin had felt him, and it started to walk over to him.

When the Screaming Coffin reached Nick, it tried to bind him with its white bandages.

Nick sneered in disgust.

BANG!

And kicked it with a lot of force.

BOOOM!

The coffin hit the wall of the Containment Unit and fell to the ground, cracks and splinters visible on it.

Immediately, it retrieved its bandages and stopped moving.

Now, it looked like any other coffin again.

Naturally, Nick didn't feel any pity for the coffin.

Not only was it a Specter, but it didn't even have a proper consciousness.

After some seconds of watching, Nick left the Containment Unit to get some food for the Screaming Coffin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100 100 – Distraction
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick came back less than an hour later and threw the corpse towards the Screaming Coffin.

This time, he had killed a guy who had been stalking the home of a young girl.

Nick hadn't bothered checking what the guy was doing exactly. He had just seen him creep around the home and look at the young girl through a crack in the wall while touching himself down below.

That was enough context for Nick, and he had killed him.

Killing this man felt different from all the other times in the sense that Nick actually felt something.

However, what he felt wasn't strong.

It was just that Nick's chest had tightened a bit as he did the deed.

Yet, the disgust and apathy he felt for that man outweighed the little bit of empathy he felt for him.

After Nick fed the Screaming Coffin, he walked out of the Containment Unit and checked up on the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

Based on the Zephyx inside the storage, Wyntor had probably emptied the Zephyx sometime yesterday.

Nevertheless, Nick emptied it again and put it into Wyntor's office.

While Wyntor's office was locked when he wasn't there, Nick had a spare key to it and was allowed to enter.

After putting everything away, Nick looked at the clock.

'4:27,' Nick thought. 'I still got about an hour before Wyntor arrives.'

Slowly, the dark hole inside Nick's chest seemed to intensify, and Nick became a bit nervous.

'I need something to do,' he thought as he walked away from Wyntor's office.

That was when Nick remembered his weapons.

'Right, I should get those.'

Nick left the warehouse and entered his room.

He found the two suitcases beside his bed and opened the one with his braces.

Nick furrowed his brows as he saw them.

'That's going to be annoying,' he thought as he took them out of the suitcase.

Slowly, Nick put them onto his forearms and shins.

At the moment, they were pretty easy to carry, and Nick only felt a bit of weight, but that would soon change when other people perceived him again.

After putting them on, Nick also took out three of his five throwing spears.

'Huh, there's also a belt or harness or something,' Nick realized as he looked into the suitcase.

Beneath the spears had been a mass of black belts. There was one that obviously was supposed to go around someone's waist, but there were also a couple more leading away from that one.

After experimenting a bit, Nick found out how to put the thing on.

One belt went around his waist.

One went around his middle abdomen.

One went around his middle chest.

All of these belts were connected with many smaller ones.

In total, there were three big belts, and all belts had a flap hanging from them.

Nick grabbed one of the spears and dropped it into one of the flaps.

It easily slid through and also went through the second flap.

When it touched the flap of the lowest belt, it was halted.

At the same time, the other flaps also began to take hold.

One had to remember that throwing spears didn't look like normal spears.

Normal spears had a big and long head on the end of a flexible and long hilt, which ended with either another tiny blade or something flat.

Throwing spears, on the other hand, didn't have big and noticeable heads.

Instead, the hilt curved and narrowed until only a thin point was left.

The other side of the throwing spear was just flat.

Just to test it, Nick put all five spears into the harness.

In the end, all five of Nick's spears were held on his back.

They slightly extended from a bit below his waist to a bit over his head.

After putting them all in, Nick could feel a bit of weight on his back.

He moved his right arm over his right shoulder and grabbed the right-most spear.

When he pulled, the spear comfortably and easily slid out of the harness.

Nick held the spear a bit in his hands and moved it around a bit.

The weight felt nice.

'That should give me something to do,' he thought.

Nick grabbed another spear and pulled that one out as well.

After putting those two spears back into the suitcase, Nick left his room.

He now wore his braces and carried three of his five throwing spears.

In total, Nick now carried around 170kg of extra weight.

It was still okay when no person perceived him, but as soon as Nick entered the lobby of the hotel and saw one of the clerks look over, he had to take a deep breath.

Walking suddenly became very difficult.

Standing was still okay, but Nick could feel his back straining quite a bit.

'I overestimated my strength,' Nick thought as he slowly turned around to walk up the stairs again.

The clerk just looked at the retreating Nick with confusion.

When he reached his room, Nick put two more of the throwing spears away, only carrying one with him.

That reduced his extra weight to "only" 110 kg.

That was still very heavy, but Nick could at least walk around.

Without his ability active, the extra weight on Nick's body was about equivalent to an average adult male carrying 30kg of stuff on his body.

It was definitely quite heavy, but walking around was still feasible.

'I have to get used to this anyway,' Nick thought as he slowly walked out of the hotel.

Without noticing, Nick hadn't thought about his problems for over ten minutes by now.

It seemed like distracting himself worked.

Well, until Nick arrived in the warehouse again and realized that he had to wait nearly an hour more.

Nick became fidgety as the silence returned.

'Might as well start,' Nick thought, annoyed with this constant black hole in his chest.

So, Nick pulled up his arms, assumed a makeshift fighting stance, and started to punch and kick the air.

He wanted to get a feel for his new weapons.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101 101 – Perception
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick wasn't used to the extra weight on his legs and arms, but he was slowly getting used to it.

Since nobody could see Nick right now, Nick's speed was incredibly fast, considering that he was wearing 20kg on every limb.

The metal was incredibly durable, which was why it weighed that much.

Its density was no joke.

Nick continued punching and kicking the air for a while, and slowly, his movements changed.

Nick had been quite apathetic when he had just started, but the more he actually attacked, the angrier he got.

After a couple of minutes, his attacks actually got quite aggressive, and he even started to breathe heavily.

Originally, Nick just wanted to waste a bit of time until Wyntor arrived, but now, he actually wanted to see how strong his attacks could get.

'I wish there was something I could hit!'

'I haven't been able to punch or kick something with my full power for quite some time.'

Frustration joined Nick's anger when he realized that there was nothing he could punch.

Sure, he could probably punch the Dreamer's Containment Unit, but there were two issues with that.

First, even though the blades on Nick's wrist were very durable, stabbing them into something as unrelenting as a level two Containment Unit might actually dull them.

Something like this wasn't a concern for the back of the blades or the braces on Nick's shins, but a blade was way more fragile near its edges.

The other problem was the Dreamer itself.

While the Dreamer was a prisoner, it was still important that it was treated with a certain amount of respect.

Not because it deserved it but because working with a cooperative party was far easier than working with an annoyed or uncooperative one.

If Nick kept banging on the Dreamer's Containment Unit, it might decide to be less cooperative from now on.

As for the walls of the warehouse…

Nick looked at the stainless steel the warehouse was made out of.

Steel was great and very hard, but if Nick punched it with his power and something as durable as his weapons, it would still break or dent.

Sadly, Nick could only punch and kick the air for now.

"Whoa!" Nick shouted as he lost control of his arms.

The force behind his attack was so strong that he was pulled along with it, landing on the ground and sliding for a bit.

When Nick stopped, he slowly lifted his arm, but moving his arm felt much more difficult.

It was like the weights on his arms had multiplied.

Naturally, Nick knew what that meant.

He turned to the door of the warehouse.

Since his ability had just deactivated, it meant that someone had to be watching him right now.

Yet, surprisingly, there was nothing near the entrance of the warehouse.

Nick furrowed his brows and looked around.

He couldn't see anyone.

That was when Nick's ability reactivated.

Nick knew what that meant.

'Something has been watching me just now, but they retreated,' Nick thought as he looked around.

'My ability has been deactivated for nearly ten seconds. If any of the Specters heard me, it would have reactivated way earlier since pinpointing someone's location is only momentary if done by sound.'

'This means they have been seeing me.'

Nick narrowed his eyes as he kept thinking about whoever had been watching him.

Whoever it was, they weren't here with nice intentions.

'I have to tell Wyntor later,' Nick thought as he started to punch the air again.

Nick didn't want to seem like he had noticed something.

Yes, he had just looked around like he was searching for something, but this could have been for any reason.

Maybe Nick had been up to no good and had been looking around to make sure that nobody was watching him?

A couple of minutes later, Nick's ability deactivated again, but this time, Nick had been careful that he didn't use too much power.

Because of that, Nick didn't fall over, and his punch transformed into a slow and awkward movement of his hands.

Of course, Nick acted like it was supposed to be this way.

The good part about Nick's ability was that nobody could see his true power.

They always only saw him awkwardly shuffling around with his heavy weapons or falling over.

Nick just kept slowly punching around, not looking around a lot.

He was acting like he thought he was alone.

'Sure enough, my ability is still deactivated,' Nick thought after 30 seconds had passed.

This confirmed it.

Someone was looking at Nick at this moment.

After another couple of seconds, Nick bent forward and put his heavy arms on his knees while breathing heavily in exhaustion.

Nick could keep going, but he acted like he couldn't.

For the next couple of seconds, Nick's eyes rapidly darted around the floor of the warehouse.

Ironically enough, Nick wasn't searching for the watcher.

After breathing heavily for ten seconds, Nick's guess was confirmed.

'By lowering my head in exhaustion and looking around, my stalker would have immediately retreated if they were looking at me from below the floor. They would be afraid of me accidentally spotting them.'

'But since my ability is still active, it means that they don't feel threatened by what I am currently looking at, which is the floor.'

'Therefore, they are not below the floor.'

A bit later, Nick righted himself and stretched his back in relaxation, looking up.

As soon as Nick showed an inkling of stretching and looking up, his ability immediately deactivated.

'On the roof, maybe?' Nick thought. 'Although, it could also be somewhere in here.'

After that, Nick walked around and looked at the consoles of the Containment Units.

Ten minutes later, his ability deactivated again, and Nick narrowed his eyes.

"You're early."

Nick's expression relaxed when he heard Wyntor's voice coming from the entrance of the warehouse.

After slowly turning around, Nick looked at the central clock.

5:37 a.m.

Wyntor looked at Nick with a raised eyebrow.

Yet again, Nick was acting unusual.

Yesterday, he seemed very insecure, and now, he seemed quite cold and serious.

"We need to talk," Nick said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 102 – Spy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Wyntor was a bit surprised that Nick wanted to talk to him with such serious conviction.

'Guess the day off helped with his issues,' Wyntor thought.

"Sure, come in," Wyntor said as he walked over to his office to open it.

After opening the office, Wyntor put down his stuff and sat down on his desk.

Nick also sat down and looked at Wyntor with a serious expression.

"Somebody has been watching me from the roof, most likely about 30 minutes ago," Nick said.

When Wyntor heard that, he furrowed his brows. "Explain."

"I came early and was bored, which was why I trained a bit with the weapons," Nick said as he shook his heavy arms a bit.

"After training for a bit, I felt my ability deactivate, and after a bit of trying some stuff out, I came to the conclusion that someone was probably looking through one of the many holes in the ceiling for the sunlight."

Wyntor nodded. "How did you find out they looked through the ceiling?"

"They didn't look away when I looked at the ground, but they immediately looked away when I looked at the ceiling," Nick said.

Wyntor nodded with an interested expression. "I actually never thought about using your ability like that. I always saw that as a weakness of your ability, but in a way, you can actually find out if someone is looking at you and even from where."

"There is actually a lot of potential for that kind of ability."

Nick didn't seem very excited, and his expression just remained even and serious.

After what happened the last couple of days, Nick was no longer that interested in joking around and laughing.

"What about the spy?" Nick asked.

"Right," Wyntor answered calmly. "I'm pretty sure that I know where they are from, and you probably also know."

Nick narrowed his eyes. "Ardum?" he asked.

Wyntor nodded. "The other Manufacturers don't care enough about us yet to spy on us, and they also don't want to annoy my family. I would be very surprised if the spy turned out to be from them."

"But if it's Ardum, I wouldn't be surprised," Wyntor added with a sigh. "Every heir that manages to successfully earn enough money to purchase a portion of Kugelblitz is another person that shares the inheritance of the Melfion family."

"Three of my older siblings already managed to pass their tests and are working in Kugelblitz. They are already not big fans of me trying to get a piece of the inheritance, but they are also not the kind of people that would act against their youngest brother."

"But Ardum…" Wyntor said as he trailed off. "He always acts like he's confident and charismatic, but there's actually nearly nothing there to back his confidence."

"He's arrogant and believes that everyone else is beneath him, and when he sees someone else reach his position, he puts them in their place again. After all, they don't deserve to be in a similar position as him."

Nick listened with a solemn expression. "What can we expect?"

"Depends on our actions," Wyntor answered. "If we do nothing, the spy will keep delivering information to Ardum, and Ardum will probably try to make our lives worse."

"If we break the laws, he will tell the guards. If we go to capture a Specter, he might arrive with his team of stronger Extractors."

"However, he won't directly attack us," Wyntor added. "Right now, it's like we are arguing with each other. In an argument, the first person who becomes violent admits that they lost the argument. After all, if you can defend yourself with words, why would you need to use your hands?"

"But if we decide to attack the spy and kill them, it would be like punching Ardum in the face, and he will punch back just as strongly."

"Fairness and justice don't matter in this case. He got punched, and even if he deserves it, he will punch back."

Nick listened to Wyntor with furrowed brows.

Then, he thought about Jenny and Trevor.

They had their weapons now, but they were still inexperienced in wielding them, and on top of that, their abilities were not fitting for battle.

If they were to fight Ardum's Extractors, they would be at a significant disadvantage.

The only one that could really fight was Nick.

Nick had fought a great number of people in the Dregs, and he had also killed several.

Even more, as long as the enemy didn't see Nick, his ability was incredibly powerful.

One also had to remember that Ardum's Extractors were probably in the same position.

Ardum had one Adolescent and only two Hatchlings.

His Extractors probably were just as inexperienced in killing humans as Dark Dream's Extractors.

They were all pretty new to this job.

"What would you suggest?" Nick asked.

"I already have somewhat of a plan," Wyntor answered calmly. "I'm more interested in what you want to do. I want to know if you come to the same conclusion as me."

"Why?" Nick asked suspiciously. Ever since Wyntor had unveiled that he had been testing Nick secretly, Nick had become more suspicious of Wyntor's questions.

"This is not a test," Wyntor said, seeing through Nick's suspicion. "I just want to see if my plan is the most logical one. If you come to the same conclusion, it gives more strength to my own."

Nick raised an eyebrow, but his suspicions were alleviated.

Then, Nick thought about the smartest thing to do.

In a battle, they would lose.

If they took the initiative and attacked Ardum's people, they would also lose.

If they didn't do anything, they would fall into a disadvantage.

'The biggest problem is that nobody is used to battling other people. The others are still too new at this.'

Nick's gaze subconsciously went to the ceiling.

'But I really want to kill this guy.'

"Do nothing until everyone gets more used to their weapons. Prepare in secret. Then, we kill the spy and look at how things will develop," Nick said.

Wyntor nodded, and a small smile formed on his lips.

"Similar to my plan."

"Good."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 103 – Difficult Choice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"For now, we are not ready to face them," Wyntor said. "We have to get stronger first."

"But we also can't just do nothing about the spy. If we just ignore them, they might do something bad, like freeing the Dreamer."

"Because of that, I will start hiring guards."

Nick furrowed his brows. "Why guards? I don't think guards can fight a Zephyx Extractor."

"That's not the primary reason," Wyntor answered. "A guard only needs to survive for long enough to alert any person of Dark Dream."

"While the spy might plan to do something like free the Dreamer, they won't dare to openly start a war with Dark Dream yet."

"You don't know how Manufacturers interact with each other, but directly attacking someone openly is frowned upon. Officially, attacking another Manufacturer is seen as attacking humanity since Manufacturers are responsible for containing Specters."

"Of course, in secret, all the Manufacturers are battling each other, and if a skirmish breaks out, the detectives either act like both Manufacturers are at fault in the conflict or don't even comment on it as long as it's not absolutely obvious what happened."

"If the spy gets found out and captured, the forces of Crimson Fungus City will side with us, and Ardum will have to either abandon his pawn or pay a hefty fine."

"Because of that, Ardum won't dare to send his forces in to mess with us as long as we have a couple of guards."

Nick listened intently. "When will you get the guards?"

"Today," Wyntor said. "With the increased output of Zephyx, thanks to the Screaming Coffin, I can afford to hire a couple of guards. It will cost us barely a thousand credits per day."

Nick nodded.

Then, Nick took a deep breath, but he didn't say anything.

Wyntor raised an eyebrow.

Nick looked like he wanted to say something.

"Yes?" Wyntor just asked with an expectant tone.

Nick closed his eyes and took another deep breath.

"I don't think I can take care of Horua anymore," Nick said. "It has become so difficult, and I noticed that it has started to interfere with my duties."

"I know that I am the one responsible and that Horua has become like this entirely due to my mistake, but I can't just continue like this."

"I need someone who can take care of him," Nick said with a tone filled with shame.

Nick felt like he had given up.

He felt like he had run away from his responsibility.

"It's good that you made the choice," Wyntor said. "To be honest, I would rather have someone else take care of the boy than you."

"I need you fully focused for your position."

Nick released a sigh, but he wasn't happy.

He just felt ashamed.

"Nick," Wyntor added, making Nick look up at him again. "But I think you are still not considering the entire picture."

Nick furrowed his brows.

"How old is the boy?" Wyntor asked.

"He will be twelve soon," Nick said.

Wyntor nodded. "And he has been in this state for how long?"

"Three months, give or take," Nick said.

"Three months," Wyntor repeated. "And he was eleven when he became like this."

"Nick, three months for an eleven-year-old is a significant amount of time."

"He has probably grown a couple of centimeters in that time, and his muscles have also atrophied by quite a bit."

"Just to recover from these three months would take another couple of months."

"In total, he already lost half of a year to this."

Nick became nervous. "What are you trying to say?"

"I'm saying that the time for being passive is over, Nick," Wyntor said. "How long will you let the boy continue being in this state? A year? Two years? Three years?"

"How long until the boy doesn't even recognize who he is anymore when he looks into the mirror?"

"Will you let him spend his entire childhood in this state?" Wyntor asked.

Nick narrowed his eyes. "I would help him if I could!" he shouted. "Don't act like I refuse to help him!"

"Nick," Wyntor said. "It's been three months. Doing nothing won't help him. Do you want him to spend the rest of his life like this?"

"What do you want me to do?" Nick asked with fear and annoyance.

But in truth, Nick already knew what Wyntor wanted.

He just didn't want to accept doing that.

"The Dreamer was the one that put him into this state," Wyntor said. "Maybe the Dreamer can help him get out of it."

"The Dreamer will kill him!" Nick shouted. "Specters have no empathy, and if the Dreamer sees an opportunity to kill Horua, it will do so!"

"Then, why did the Dreamer retreat before the boy started to have a seizure?" Wyntor asked. "You told me that the Dreamer stepped away before things were going badly."

"It seems like the Dreamer didn't want to kill him."

"Nick, while it is true that Specters don't have Empathy, it is also true that they are intelligent and do what is best for them."

"If the Dreamer knows that awakening the boy is the best thing to do, it will do so."

"It has worked with us for three months now, and it wouldn't want to ruin our trust in it by killing some random kid."

"It's going to try its best. Even if the only reason is that we trust it more, and it might gain an opportunity to break out of its Containment Unit one day."

Nick gritted his teeth.

The Dreamer had caused Horua to enter this state.

Sending Horua to the Dreamer again could only be bad.

Nothing good could come of this.

However, Nick also couldn't deny Wyntor's words.

Horua couldn't live his life like this.

'If Horua could talk, what would he choose?' Nick thought.

Silence.

Wyntor just looked at Nick, while Nick just looked at the table with an absentminded expression.

Some seconds later, Nick put his head in his hands.

He knew what Horua would choose.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 104 – Taking a Risk
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

'He would want to take the risk,' Nick thought.

'But if something happens…'

Nick couldn't imagine what he would feel like if Horua actually died.

At that point, everything Nick had done would be for nothing.

Nick had taken care of Horua for three months, but if Horua died now, all of Nick's efforts would have been worthless.

That would mean that fixing his past mistakes would be impossible for Nick.

If Horua woke up, Nick might be able to somewhat right his previous wrongs.

But if he died, that would become impossible.

And yet, Wyntor was right.

This was not a life Horua would want to live.

If Horua could see himself, he would probably speak the Sentence.

Every day, Horua was pissing and shitting his pants, and he was reliant on other people for everything.

If Horua were conscious, he would find this eternal boredom, humiliation, and monotony to be worse than death.

This was not a life he would want to live.

But if Horua died, it would also fall back on Nick.

After all, Nick was essentially making choices for Horua.

If Nick didn't agree, Horua wouldn't get sent to the Dreamer.

"Don't do the wrong thing because you are too weak to do the right thing," Wyntor said.

Nick's chest shook.

'Right,' Nick thought in pain. 'I know that what Wyntor said is right, and I also know what Horua would choose.'

'Yet, I am still hesitating.'

'Why? Because I can't bear thinking about how I would feel if Horua dies.'

Nick took a deep breath.

"You're right," he said as he looked at Wyntor.

Nick tried to show that he had made his choice with conviction, but his nervousness and anxiety still shone through.

Wyntor nodded. "Good," he said. "Nick, this is not a life that the boy would want to live. You made the right call."

Nick took a deep breath and nodded again. "I just hope he won't die."

"And even if he does," Wyntor said, "you still made the right choice."

"Even if the boy dies to the Dreamer, you know that you have at least tried to make his life better."

Nick gritted his teeth, but he nodded.

He knew that doing this was correct, but the thought of Horua dying still scared him.

"When do you want to do it?" Wyntor asked.

Nick took another deep breath. "It doesn't matter. For Horua, it doesn't matter when it happens. His life is perfectly monotone."

"Might as well do it right now," Nick said with a shaky voice.

"Fine," Wyntor said. "Then, get him. I'm going to wake Trevor."

Nick nodded, gritted his teeth, and walked out of the office.

Nick's emotions were going crazy again, but his determination was keeping them under control for now.

Nick felt like he was doing the wrong thing.

What if something happened?!

What if Horua died?!

What if Nick had essentially killed Horua?!

Yet, Nick's rationality kept telling his emotions that it was the right choice, regardless of the outcome.

But that didn't make it easier.

Nick absentmindedly climbed the stairs and reached Horua's room.

Nick wished there were more stairs.

After opening the door and walking through the hallway, Nick entered Horua's room.

Right now, Horua was asleep and clean.

Whoever Wyntor had hired had taken good care of him during the night.

When Nick saw Horua, he took a deep breath and walked forward.

"Horua, wake up," Nick said as he shook Horua a bit.

After moving Horua's eyelids open a bit to wake him, Nick slowly lifted Horua's light and weak body.

Horua had lost a lot of weight in the last three months.

"Today, we are going to change your life," Nick said softly. "For better or for worse."

"Living like this is not what you want, and I know, if you could talk to me, you would also make this choice."

"We have to take a risk. In this state, you might as well be dead. Letting you stay like this wouldn't be much different from killing you."

"You deserve a chance, and we are going to give you one!"

Nick opened the door to Horua's room as he carefully walked out with him.

"I just hope that I can have a real conversation with you when the day is over."

Nick took a shaky breath. "And I also hope that you will one day be able to forgive me for my stupidity."

As Nick walked down the stairs, he felt like he was walking towards his execution.

His feelings were screaming at him that he was doing the wrong thing, but his rationality was screaming back that it was the right thing.

Humans were not machines, and many times, their feelings were in direct opposition to logic.

Every human experienced battles between what their head thought was right and what their heart thought was right.

Nick walked out of the hotel, and Horua's body came into contact with the outside for the first time in three months.

But just moments later, Nick entered Dark Dream with Horua.

After entering the warehouse, Nick saw Trevor standing beside the Dreamer's Containment Unit with a worried expression.

Nick just walked to the Containment Unit.

"Nick, you're doing the right thing," Trevor said, and Nick stopped walking. "I wouldn't want to live such a life."

Nick's eyebrows relaxed a bit. "Thanks, Trevor."

Trevor nodded. "No worries. It will work out. The Dreamer won't dare to kill the kid."

Nick nodded without saying anything and walked through the employee entrance.

After entering, Nick saw Wyntor standing in front of the Dreamer.

As soon as Nick entered, the Dreamer turned to look at Nick.

And then it focused on Horua.

Nick furrowed his brows, took a deep breath, and walked forward.

"Dreamer," Nick said, stopping in front of it.

The Dreamer didn't answer, and it only kept looking at Horua.

"I am asking for your help," Nick said.

"This boy can't interact with the outside anymore, and I know that you can enter his mind."

Nick took a deep breath and put Horua down in front of the Dreamer.

The Dreamer kept looking at Horua.

"Please, save him," Nick said as his voice became shaky.

"Show me that my trust in you is not misplaced."

"Please, make him wake up."

"Return him to me."

The Dreamer just kept looking at Horua.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 105 – Wake Up!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at the Dreamer with an imploring look.

He only hoped that Horua wouldn't die.

If Horua died…

Nick wouldn't know what he would do.

For the last couple of days, he had already been feeling horrible, and being the reason for Horua's death would make things only worse.

Nick slowly took a couple of steps back, showing the Dreamer that he didn't intend to attack it.

The Dreamer slowly turned to look at the boy lying in front of it.

Then, the Dreamer slowly turned to look at Nick again.

"Please," Nick repeated.

After that, the Dreamer looked at Wyntor.

"Do it," Wyntor said with a nod.

Lastly, the Dreamer focused on the boy again.

A moment later, it took a step forward and lowered its head to focus on Horua's eyes.

Right now, Horua's eyes were half-opened and blankly staring at the ceiling.

The Dreamer kept focusing on Horua.

A couple of seconds later, Horua's eyes closed on their own.

When Nick saw that, he became excited.

Horua couldn't close his eyes himself, but just now, he had actually closed them!

Horua was still alive!

The fact that he could close his eyes meant that he was still in there!

Nick's heart rate increased as more time passed.

A couple of minutes of silence passed.

Nick felt like these minutes were hours.

"Ugh…"

Nick's eyes shot open when he heard a groan coming from Horua.

Horua's voice sounded incredibly hoarse and coarse, but that was to be expected after not talking for over three months.

However, the important thing was that Horua had actually said something!

"Argh…" Horua groaned in pain.

While the earlier groan had been one of discomfort, this had definitely been one of pain.

It sounded like Horua had just tried to stop himself from screaming.

Sadly…

"AAAAAAHHHHH!"

Nick's eyes looked with fervent intensity at Horua as he screamed in absolute agony.

In his entire life, Nick had never heard a human scream in so much agony!

The only scream that was more intense came from the Screaming Coffin.

Worried that Horua might die, Nick charged-

"Nick, stop!" Wyntor shouted, holding his arm in front of Nick.

Nick could barely hear Wyntor's voice due to Horua's loud and terrifying scream.

"It knows what it's doing!" Wyntor shouted. "Trust in the fact that it knows what the optimal course of action is for its survival!"

Nick's body shook.

"AAAAAAHHHHH!"

Horua's scream was terrifying, and Nick felt like he wanted to either punch the Dreamer or run away.

No matter the case, Nick felt like he had to do something!

Suddenly, blood shot out of Horua's mouth as his vocal cords broke apart and leaked blood.

"STOP!" Nick shouted with all of his power.

Nick was just about to push Wyntor to the side when the Dreamer actually turned to look at Nick by only moving its head. Its body was still hunched over Horua.

The Dreamer's intense but dead stare focused on Nick's eyes as Horua kept screeching in agony and pain.

"Nick, stop- ugh!"

Wyntor was pushed to the side by Nick as he ran towards the Dreamer.

When the Dreamer saw Nick approach, it jumped backward with quite a bit of speed and landed in the corner of the room.

In an instant, Nick arrived between Horua and the Dreamer.

Nick wanted to attack the Dreamer so badly, but since the Dreamer had already stepped away, the immediate issue was solved.

So, he turned around and focused on Horua.

That was when Nick saw that Horua's eyes had shot open in terror and agony.

Horua's eyes were completely red with blood, and his body entire body was rigid as all his muscles strained.

His scream had become silent, but his mouth was still opened in an expression that perfectly reflected someone screeching in agony.

But most shocking of all, Nick saw Horua's pupils rapidly moving around.

He was awake!

"Horua!" Nick shouted as he quickly kneeled beside Horua to grab his hand. "Everything's okay! You're awake again!"

However, Horua didn't notice Nick and just focused on the ceiling as his entire body strained.

"Horua!" Nick shouted as his grip on Horua's hand tightened.

That seemed to do the trick, and Horua's pupils seemed to fight and strain as they tried to focus on Nick.

Time seemed to stand still as Nick just looked into Horua's eyes.

After seemingly an eternity, Horua's mouth slowly moved.

No sound came out.

However, Nick could tell what Horua was mouthing, and his heart nearly broke into pieces.

"I'm… sorry…"

That was what Horua was mouthing.

Nick knew what this meant.

As a child, Horua believed that Nick was causing him this pain, and the only thing Horua could do to stop Nick from causing him even more pain was to submit and apologize.

The pure terror in Horua's eyes told Nick as much.

"No, Horua! You're going to get better!" Nick shouted as his grip on Horua's arm relaxed.

Horua stopped mouthing words and looked at Nick with strained pupils.

An eternity seemed to pass.

"Horua!" Nick shouted again.

And then, Horua's pupils suddenly moved upward, losing all focus as his body lost all strength.

"Horua!" Nick shouted once more as he started to shake Horua's shoulders.

Horua didn't move.

Next, Nick put his ear to Horua's mouth to listen.

Silence.

Five seconds of silence.

"He's not breathing!" Nick shouted in panic. "What do I do?!"

"Is his heart beating?" Wyntor asked urgently.

Nick put his ear to Horua's chest.

Nothing.

"It isn't!" Nick shouted.

"Make way!" Wyntor shouted as he pushed Nick away.

Nick rapidly moved to the side and looked at Wyntor with hope.

Wyntor immediately started to push on Horua's chest in a certain rhythm.

"Go to my office and get the Recovery Liquid in the lowest drawer!" Wyntor shouted.

Nick nodded and immediately ran out of the Containment Unit.

After entering Wyntor's office, Nick immediately opened the lowest drawer and quickly found the small green bottle.

Nick raced back with the bottle and saw Wyntor still performing CPR.

"Give it to me," Wyntor said.

Nick gave the bottle to Wyntor.

Wyntor opened it and poured a couple of drops on Horua's head and some into his throat.

Wyntor had already stopped performing CPR and just watched Horua with Nick.

This would decide whether Horua lived or not.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 106 – It’s Over
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Wyntor looked at Horua with bated breaths.

The Recovery Liquid could heal all kinds of physical injuries, and if there was anything wrong with Horua physically, it would get healed very quickly.

These Recovery Liquids were for Extractors, which meant that they were designed to work on people several times stronger than the average human.

Using several drops on a child was a huge waste since the child couldn't possibly absorb all of it, but Wyntor used that many anyway.

Seconds passed.

Nick waited with gritted teeth.

Right now, Nick's feelings were going crazy.

Horua couldn't be dead!

It had to work!

After around 30 seconds, Wyntor put his hand on Horua's chest again.

"Nothing," Wyntor said with a sigh.

Nick became more fearful and panicked as he kept looking at Horua.

"It can still work!" Nick said.

"Theoretically, yes, but something like that is very rare," Wyntor said as he stood up. "I'm sorry."

When Nick heard Wyntor's apology, he felt like he had entered a dream.

It was like none of this was real.

This couldn't be real, right?

Nick just kept looking at Horua.

Soon, Horua would open his eyes, right?

His breathing would return, and his heart would start to beat again, right?

Nick just looked at Horua.

Right now, Horua's eyes were still open, but his eyes had rolled into the back of his head.

His body had completely relaxed.

'He'll wake up, right? The Recovery Liquid can still work!' Nick thought.

Wyntor moved to the corner of the room and leaned against it with a sad expression.

A minute of silence passed.

Nick kept looking at Horua.

"Let it go," Wyntor said. "It's over."

"Not yet," Nick said urgently as he kept looking at Horua's body.

"Nick, it's been over two minutes without a heartbeat. It's over," Wyntor said with a sigh.

Nick kept watching Horua's body without answering.

A couple more seconds passed.

"You tried your best," Wyntor said. "Even though it ended up like this, you still did the right thing."

Nick didn't answer.

"Maybe he would have preferred death over the state he has been in the last three months," Wyntor added.

"Maybe it's better this way. If he had survived, whatever he had gone through might have been too much for him to bear."

"If he actually survived, he might have even spoken the Sentence."

"Maybe there was actually nothing we could have done."

Silence.

"Maybe the boy died three months ago," Wyntor slowly said.

"He has a name," Nick said.

"Huh?" Wyntor repeated in confusion.

"He has a name, you know?" Nick repeated with furrowed brows as he looked at Wyntor. "You always keep calling him the boy. Why do you refuse to call him by his name?"

Wyntor raised an eyebrow in pity. "You want to know that now?"

Nick gritted his teeth as his rage exploded.

However, he quickly realized that he was actually just venting.

Wyntor hadn't done anything wrong.

"I'm sorry," Nick said with a restrained voice as he looked back at Horua's body.

Several seconds of silence passed.

Nick just continued looking at Horua with hope.

Soon, he would wake up.

Another two minutes passed.

"You don't need to stay here," Nick said. "You probably have something to do."

"I'm not leaving without you," Wyntor said.

Nick sighed. "You don't need to worry about me."

"I'm not," Wyntor answered.

Nick furrowed his brows in confusion and gazed at Wyntor.

Wyntor gestured to the Dreamer, which was still standing in the corner.

"I'm worried about it. I don't want you to attack it out of rage," Wyntor said. "I trust in your ability to get through this, which is why I'm not worried about you."

When Nick heard that, he gritted his teeth as he turned to look at the Dreamer.

Nick still remembered how the Dreamer had looked at Nick while Horua was screaming.

It was almost like the Dreamer was taunting Nick!

Nick clenched his fists so hard that he nearly started to bleed.

"Nick," Wyntor said with a serious voice. "The Dreamer didn't do anything wrong."

"How do you know?!" Nick said in a loud voice.

"Because there is no reason for it to kill the boy," Wyntor said. "On top of that, it didn't show any sign of attacking Horua."

"But didn't you see how-"

"Because you shouted at it!" Wyntor interrupted Nick before he could finish.

Wyntor knew very well what Nick was about to say.

"It taunted me!" Nick shouted in rage.

"It looked at you in confusion!" Wyntor answered with a serious voice. "You shouted at it with all of your power. Of course it would look at you!"

"Even more, when you charged at it aggressively, it just flew back without even preparing an attack! Otherwise, the alarm would have gone off!"

"The Dreamer has been cooperative this entire time!"

"While we still have to be careful of it since it's a Specter, it hasn't done anything wrong this time!" Wyntor shouted at Nick with a reprimanding voice.

Nick gritted his teeth.

He felt like the Dreamer had been taunting him.

He felt like the Dreamer had deliberately killed Horua.

Yet, he couldn't argue with Wyntor's assessment.

Wyntor was right.

It didn't seem like the Dreamer had killed Horua on purpose.

Nick could only grit his teeth and look at Horua's body with shock, rage, frustration, and hope.

Maybe, Horua would wake up soon.

Five more minutes of silence passed.

Horua hadn't moved.

His body had turned even paler than before.

No one said a word.

"Let it go, Nick," Wyntor said. "There's no reason for you to continue staying here."

Nick's fists clenched even more.

He wasn't willing to leave.

He couldn't believe that Horua was dead.

After everything he had done in the last three months, Horua had still died?

Nick had taken such good care of Horua.

But now, he was dead.

Nick's rapidly moving thoughts seemed to scatter, leaving behind indiscernible but calm snippets of thoughts.

This wasn't real, right?

Another minute passed as Nick just kept looking at the corpse.

How did things end up like this?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 107 – The Corpse
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a couple of minutes, Nick stood up.

By now, over ten minutes had passed.

Horua's heartbeat hadn't returned.

He was dead.

There was no denying it anymore.

"Did he have any next-of-kin?" Wyntor asked from the corner.

Nick slowly shook his head. "No. His parents died, and he didn't have any friends or family…"

"Except for me," Nick said quietly as he looked down.

Silence.

"What do you want to do with the body?" Wyntor asked.

When Nick heard that, he felt the void in his chest return, darker than ever before.

Right now, Nick felt like he could never be happy again.

In one way, he felt like he had been hollowed out, but at the same time, he also felt like the entire world was putting immense pressure on him.

Nick felt like reality wanted to crush him.

His body?

This question felt so surreal.

Nick had to decide what to do with Horua's body?

It was so strange.

How was any of this real?

How had any of this actually happened?

For a while, Nick didn't answer.

There were no cemeteries in the Dregs.

If anyone died, the body had to be handed over to the officials.

Nobody knew where the bodies ended up.

Most likely, the bodies were fed to a Specter.

It sounded cruel, but what alternative was there?

There was no earth in the city, which made burying the body impossible.

Burning the body was also not possible since none of the fires one could start with the available materials was strong enough to actually turn the body into ash. It would just leave a charred body behind, making things even worse.

Keeping the body was also bad since it would rot.

Additionally, the Parasite would probably just consume the body when nobody was looking.

Might as well feed it to a useful Specter.

Nick wanted to keep Horua's body, but he knew that this was not realistic.

"Give it to the coffin," Nick said with a shaky breath.

It sounded cruel, but it was the only thing Nick could think of.

Wyntor nodded.

"Do you want to say goodbye?" he asked.

Nick looked at Horua's corpse.

A nearly twelve-year-old boy.

Horua was so thin and pale.

Nick still remembered how he had defended Horua from the gangs when his parents died and how they had been living together for almost a year.

Even though it had only been a business relationship at the beginning, they had quickly become friends.

Nick also remembered how hopeful Horua had been when Nick had told him that he could turn him into a Zephyx Extractor.

And then, tragedy happened.

'It's all my fault,' Nick thought as he looked at the corpse with pain.

"I'm sorry," Nick said quietly as he kneeled beside the corpse.

Nick gently held Horua's hand.

It was ice cold, soft, and thin.

A child's hand.

"I'm sorry, Horua," Nick said with a shaky voice.

"Wherever you are now, I hope you won't meet someone like me."

"This is all my fault."

"If I hadn't been so stupid, you would still be alive."

"I'm sorry."

Several seconds of silence passed.

"Thank you for being my friend."

"I'll miss you, even though you probably wouldn't want to see me."

"I'll leave you alone now."

"Goodbye."

Nick took a shaky breath and stood up.

Wyntor stepped forward and put a hand on Nick's shoulder.

Nick didn't move for a while.

Eventually, Nick took a deep breath.

"Thanks," he said as he gently pushed Wyntor's hand off his shoulder. "I'll need some time to deal with this."

Wyntor nodded. "You can have the next three days off. I know this is difficult on you."

Nick didn't answer.

Then, he turned around and quietly left the Containment Unit.

After Nick left, Wyntor looked at the corpse for a bit before putting it over his shoulder.

After that, Wyntor turned to look at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer looked at Wyntor.

Three seconds later, Wyntor turned away and left the Containment Unit.

When Wyntor came out, he saw Trevor looking at him with sadness.

"Nick left?" Wyntor asked neutrally.

Trevor nodded. "Yes. I'm worried about him."

"Nick is strong," Wyntor said. "He went through worse things in the Dregs."

"Someone that has lived in the Dregs for their entire life can handle death."

Trevor raised an eyebrow.

He didn't seem like he was fully believing Wyntor.

After all, Trevor had also lived in the Dregs.

To Trevor, it seemed like Wyntor was making assumptions.

However, Trevor didn't correct Wyntor.

After all, they were not friends.

Trevor was an employee, and Wyntor was his employer.

"I hope you're right," Trevor said.

Wyntor nodded.

"What about the Dreamer?" Trevor asked.

"Nick won't be here for the next three days," Wyntor said. "I'm going to wake you up in the morning. For now, only you and Jenny will be working with it. Your shifts won't change."

"Okay," Trevor answered. "Do you need me for anything?"

"No, you can leave. Good work today," Wyntor said as he walked by Trevor.

"Alright. For all that it's worth, I wish you a happy workday," Trevor said.

Wyntor snorted.

He assumed Trevor was joking.

While Trevor left, Wyntor walked over to the other Containment Unit.

After opening the door, Wyntor looked at the Screaming Coffin.

Right now, it was just silently lying in the middle of the room.

Apparently, it was currently digesting a corpse.

By now, the Containment Unit had started to take on a slight smell of dead bodies.

After all, the corpses were not always immediately consumed by the Screaming Coffin.

Additionally, the ventilation of the Containment Unit wasn't the best.

Wyntor looked at the Screaming Coffin for a bit.

Bang!

Then, Wyntor unceremoniously threw the corpse in front of it.

His expression was neutral.

For a bit, Wyntor looked at the corpse with a cold expression.

That boy had been a burden on Nick for long enough.

Finally, Nick could move on from it.

Then, Wyntor turned around and left the Containment Unit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 108 – Eternal Regret
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick walked back to the hotel absentmindedly.

For some reason, he felt like everything that had happened today wasn't real.

Yet, he knew very well that it was real.

Would he even question whether or not this was a dream if it were actually a dream?

Probably not.

Nevertheless, Nick felt like nothing had changed.

He felt like he was about to go back to Horua's room to check up on him.

After entering the hotel and climbing up the stairs, Nick stopped in front of his room as he looked over at the door to Horua's room.

For a couple of seconds, he just watched.

Then, he walked to Horua's room and entered.

After opening the door, he just saw an empty bed.

The blanket was still in the same position as when Nick had left.

Yet, there was no Horua.

For many seconds, Nick just stood in the room, looking at Horua.

From time to time, a whiff of a bloody smell entered his nose.

Ever since Nick had killed Pator, there had been a slightly bloody smell in the room that appeared from time to time.

Naturally, whenever Nick smelled it, he was reminded of the day he killed Pator.

'Another child,' Nick thought.

Horua had been a child.

Pator had been a child.

'I've killed two children,' Nick thought.

'Although the other one would have died anyway.'

Nick released a sigh.

'But Horua's fate was my doing.'

'If I hadn't pulled Horua into Dark Dream, he wouldn't be dead. He would probably have continued living somewhere in the Dregs.'

'Sure, it wouldn't have been an easy life without me present, but he would have survived. After all, I also managed to survive.'

'But I just had to get Horua to become a Zephyx Extractor, huh?'

Nick just looked at the empty bed with an expression filled with regret.

At the same time, Nick felt the dark void in his chest return with even more intensity.

It was like the muscles and organs in his chest were constricting with all their power.

Regret and guilt.

Nick was filled with so much regret and guilt.

Nick had committed horrible mistakes, and there was no way to fix them.

He would never gain a chance to make things right.

Horua was dead.

And he had killed him.

His stupidity had caused Horua's death.

He should have known.

But he didn't.

And now, Horua had paid the price.

'I can't fix it.'

Silence.

'I can't make things right.'

Nick just kept looking at Horua's bed.

'If I could, I would give so many things to get an opportunity to make things right.'

'But I can't.'

'With the powers of the Specters, many impossible things become possible, but death is still final.'

Nick wanted to right his wrongs so badly.

He was willing to do everything.

But it was impossible.

'I'm so sorry, Horua,' Nick thought as he lightly moved his hand across Horua's bed.

'I couldn't fix it.'

'I couldn't help you.'

'I'm sorry.'

Nick's eyes began to water, but he quickly shook his head and gritted his teeth.

He remembered what had happened the last time he had cried.

The last time he had allowed his emotions to break out was when this black void appeared in his chest, which was still haunting him.

If he cried again, things would only get worse.

So, Nick pushed all his sadness away, burying it deep inside.

Yet, the black void in his chest never left.

It was still there and just as noticeable as ever.

For nearly an hour, Nick stayed in Horua's room, just looking around and remembering things.

They had only known each other for a bit more than a year, but they had still been friends.

Horua would never be able to find out what exactly had happened to his father, who had just vanished at one point.

Nick was certain that Horua's father had probably just been thrown into the sewers by somebody, but it had never truly been a certainty.

Horua would also never be able to truly own his house.

Yes, he was essentially the owner of the house, but as soon as Nick left, the gangs would steal it since Horua was just a kid who couldn't protect such a valuable asset.

Maybe in the future, Horua would have become a big and strong man who would fight against the gangs for his childhood home.

But now, none of that would happen.

All of Horua's dreams died with him.

Eventually, Nick left Horua's room and entered his own.

After entering, Nick put his weapons to the side and just fell into his bed.

He had just woken up a couple of hours ago, but he already wanted to go back to sleep.

Why was life like this?

Why did one bad thing after the other happen to him?

Problems, problems, problems.

He was just so tired of all of these problems.

'If I weren't that stupid, I wouldn't have so many problems,' Nick thought as he lifelessly looked at the ceiling above his bed.

'If I were strong enough to contain or isolate my empathy, I wouldn't have so many issues with Pator's death.'

'If I were not such an idiot, Horua wouldn't have died.'

'Maybe life isn't actually cruel.'

'Maybe it's just my incompetence and idiocy that makes it cruel.'

'Maybe I'm just too dumb to have a good life.'

All of the memories that Nick associated with negative emotions shot through his mind.

When one was surrounded by darkness, one often didn't even try to search for light.

At this moment, there were no happy moments in Nick's memories.

The intense regret and guilt colored the bright moments grey, making them seem meaningless.

When Nick had gotten his job, it didn't matter since his life only became worse from then on.

When Nick caught the Dreamer, it didn't matter since the Dreamer would end up killing Horua.

When Nick became rich, it didn't matter since all the money in the world couldn't make him happy right now.

All the good things were meaningless.

All the bad things were painful and dominant.

'I wish I had the guts to say the Sentence,' Nick thought as he lifelessly looked at the ceiling.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 109 – Switched Places
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Time passed.

Hours passed, in which Nick just kept thinking about things.

At some point, Nick's stomach even started to hurt, which made him remember that he hadn't eaten anything for quite a while.

But it seemed so unimportant.

He just didn't care.

Also, in a certain way, the pain of hunger felt justified to Nick.

Nick was just too consumed by regret and guilt.

Feeling happy in any way felt unfair to Horua.

After taking away Horua's happiness and future, Nick believed he didn't deserve to have one of his own.

It was only fair.

"Man, you look like shit."

Usually, Nick would jump up in surprise at the voice that had suddenly appeared behind him on the bed.

Yet, Nick just didn't care a lot, and he also quickly realized who it was based on the voice.

Nick didn't answer.

A moment later, a rat entered Nick's vision, and he saw it looking down at him with interest.

"What happened to you?" it asked.

"Don't you already know?" Nick answered with a deadpan and lifeless voice.

"No, I don't," the Parasite said. "I might have many eyes and ears, but it's difficult to check the Outer City. Too many guards and Extractors, you know?"

"Why are you here?" Nick asked emotionlessly.

"Checking up on my favorite Extractor," the rat said with a big grin. "I usually see you walking around from time to time, but you haven't shown up in a while."

"Why would you care?" Nick asked.

"You're my important business partner," the rat said with a smile as it rubbed its little claws together. "Your health is important to my business."

Nick snorted. "You tried to convince me to kill myself more than once before."

"Yeah, but that's in the past," the rat said dismissively. "Things change, you know?"

Nick just kept looking at the ceiling without answering.

"Man, life really got you by the ass, eh, Nick?" the rat said as it leaned on Nick's elbow.

Nick didn't move.

"Oh, wow," the rat said in a bit of surprise. "You're not even angry that I'm touching you. That's a new one."

The next moment, the rat jumped up on Nick's chest and looked at his vacant and disinterested eyes.

"Huh," the rat uttered after a bit. "To think that you would actually reach that point. After that one incident two years ago, I thought that you would never consider suicide."

"Things change," Nick said. "You said so yourself."

"And so they do," the rat said as it moved around Nick for a bit, looking at him with interest.

"Can't bring yourself to go through with it, huh?" the rat asked.

Nick weakly nodded without looking at the rat.

"You know, those are my favorite customers," the rat said. "Like, I don't even have to convince them. They just let me do my thing."

The next moment, the rat started to scratch its tiny chin with one of its claws.

"But things are tricky in this case."

"First, you are worth far more than just your corpse. You are a business partner that can bring me tens, if not hundreds, of corpses, you know? Having you die right now would be a huge waste."

"Also, you're already no longer a normal human. Look at this."

Then, the rat suddenly bit Nick's arm and started to tear at it while trying to scratch it with its claws.

Nick felt like someone was pinching him.

"Can't get through," the rat said after stepping away. "This body is just a rat. I can kill a guy, but I can't kill an Extractor."

"Sure, if I claw out your eyes and crawl up your skull, I would be able to do so, but you would never let me. Even the most depressed and suicidal person goes crazy when a rat tries to eat their eyes. Trust me, I tried."

"I mean, you could try traveling to my main body…" the rat said as it trailed off.

"Nah, forget it. You'll never survive the journey," it said a bit later with a dismissive wave.

"Also, I don't want you to die. I still need me some corpses, you know?" the rat said with a wide grin.

Even though Nick didn't care a lot about anything right now, he still noticed the irony of his current situation.

"You're trying to convince me to stay alive," Nick stated.

"I mean, sure," the rat said with a shrug. "Why not? Maybe you'll donate some corpses later when you feel better?"

"A rat's gotta make a living, you know?"

Nick almost felt like this wasn't real.

The Parasite.

A powerful Specter.

Someone who tried to convince as many humans as possible to let it consume them…

Was trying to convince Nick not to kill himself.

How had things turned out like this?

"So, what's been bugging you?" the rat said. "By the way, where's your little statue boy? He's usually positioned right here."

Nick took a deep breath.

"Ah, there it is," the rat said after seeing Nick's reaction. "I get it."

"Little statue boy broke."

"So, you broke a statue. Big deal. Make a new one," the rat said.

Nick's eyes narrowed in anger.

The rat immediately jumped away from Nick. "Oh boy, someone's getting uppity."

"His name was Horua!" Nick shouted at the rat after explosively sitting up. "He was a real human with a real name! He's not a statue, and he's not just a boy!"

The rat blinked a couple of times in surprise. "I feel like that was only partially targeted at me."

Nick snorted and looked to the side. "It doesn't matter anyway. He's dead now, and I killed him."

"So?" the rat asked.

Nick clenched his fists again. "He was an innocent boy, and I killed him!" he said through gritted teeth.

"What? So if you killed him seven years later, things would be different?" the rat asked. "Dead is dead. Who cares?"

Nick just looked forward with furrowed brows, not facing the rat. "You wouldn't understand. You're a Specter."

The rat scratched the side of its head a bit in thought.

"I guess so?" it answered with uncertainty.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 110 – Therapy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"But so what?" the Parasite continued. "Life is life. Who cares if you understand shit or not? You just continue living and doing your thing."

"It's not that simple," Nick answers.

"How is it not that simple?" the rat asked. "Everyone's only eating and drinking to survive, and they work to eat and drink. Apart from that, people kind of just want to fuck or become rich."

"But in the end, none of that matters," the rat added. "You die anyway."

"Whether you have killed a million people or saved a million people. When you're dead, none of that matters. You're just a corpse at that point anyway."

"Whether you are alone or surrounded by family, you are just a corpse."

"A dead man can't hear their family's cries or their enemy's laughter."

Nick furrowed his brows as he kept looking forward.

In a way, the rat was right.

Nick couldn't really find a counterargument.

"Same thing with time," the rat added. "Whether you lived for ten years or a thousand, a million years from now, both of these times seem equally as tiny and inconsequential."

"Oh, boohoo, the little kids are dying everywhere," the rat spoke in an overdramatic voice. "They had such beautiful lives and hopes in front of them. Oh no, how tragic!"

The rat snorted. "Who gives a shit? Dead is dead. When billions of people die, who cares about a single child?"

"When millions of years pass, who cares about one child?"

"When all life ceases to exist, who cares about one child?"

"So, why should you?" the rat asks.

Nick just kept looking forward.

The rat's logic was sound, but it felt wrong.

Its ideology was so pure, basic, and sterile that it couldn't come from a human.

'Although, there are probably also humans that think like that,' Nick thought.

Nick could only sigh.

He couldn't get on board with that ideology.

"That seems too bleak of an outlook," Nick said.

"You're the one that wants to kill himself," the rat said with a snort.

"That's different," Nick answered. "I have control over my life. You are talking about ending the lives of others just because their existence doesn't matter in the grand scheme of existence."

"Eh, dead human is dead human," the rat said with a dismissive wave. "Why are you making things so complicated? Two dead human is more than one dead human."

"What about morals?" Nick asked.

"There are no morals," the rat said. "Can I touch morals? Can I see morals? If morals actually exist, they don't have power over me, in which case, why would I care about them?"

"Something is morally wrong? So? I'll do it anyway. Nothing will change."

Nick thought about the rat's words.

Then, the Dregs appeared in Nick's thoughts.

With that mindset, the existence of the Dregs actually made sense.

Was it morally correct to take advantage of the poor people like this?

Impossible.

And yet, that was still what happened.

'Morals only have an effect on people who care about them,' Nick thought.

This made the world appear even more desolate and grey to Nick.

Everything seemed so rotten.

It was like the world had been created by some sadist.

Everything Nick could see was shit.

"So, you feel better?" the rat asked.

Nick was pulled out of his thoughts as he looked at the rat with furrowed brows. "Why would I feel better?"

"We talked, right?" the rat asked. "People feel better when they talk about their problems."

Nick looked away again.

He didn't want to admit it, but for some reason, he actually felt a bit better.

Instead of just lying in bed while constantly thinking about his regrets and guilt, he was actually thinking about the world.

Even more, Nick felt more annoyed and disgusted than depressed right now.

"It changes nothing," Nick said.

"Why not?" the rat asked. "You humans constantly kill yourselves because you feel sad. If you don't feel sad, you won't kill yourself."

Nick sighed. "But the cause of the pain is still there. Also, I feel bad about feeling good. I stole Horua's happiness."

"Who?" the rat asked.

"The boy that was here."

"Oh, statue boy, got it," the rat said. "Back to that topic, are we? I thought we already solved that issue."

Nick closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm down. "We solved no issues. I killed Horua. I killed an innocent child who trusted me."

"You killed a guy," the rat said. "You killed many guys. What makes this one different?"

"He was an innocent child," Nick said with a bit of aggression.

"So? We already went over this," the rat said.

"It's different," Nick said.

"Dead human is dead human!" the rat stated with conviction.

Nick wanted to argue, but he stopped himself.

"You won't understand. You're a Specter."

The rat scratched the side of its head with annoyance. "Okay, so statue boy is different from some other dead humans."

"Let's presume that statement holds true," the rat carefully said. "Let's presume that statue boy is somehow more valuable than one dead human."

"How much more valuable? How many dead humans do we need to equal one statue boy?" the rat asked.

Nick furrowed his brows. "It doesn't work like that."

The rat groaned in annoyance. "Would you rather kill a thousand people or one statue boy?"

"If the thousand people are murderers and rapists, I would kill the thousand people," Nick answered.

That surprised the rat a bit. "What if they are not?"

Nick furrowed his brows as he looked down.

A thousand strangers or Horua…

Nick thought about the Dregs.

In a way, Nick felt like he would rather kill the thousand people, but his mind was telling him that he wouldn't go through with it.

Killing Horua for a thousand innocent people…

When the rat saw Nick thinking so intensely, it only had one thought.

'Damn, statue boy is that valuable?'

In the end, Nick sighed.

"I would probably kill Horua, but I would feel horrible," Nick said.

CLAP!

The rat clapped its tiny hands. "There you go!"

"What?" Nick asked with annoyance.

"Go save a thousand people," the rat said. "Save a thousand people, and you will have repaid your debt."

"Makes sense, right?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 111 – Rotten
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Save a thousand people and repay my debt?" Nick asked with a confused voice.

"Yeah," the rat said. "You destroyed one statue boy, and you would kill one statue boy above killing a thousand innocent people. So, if you save a thousand people, you would have saved more than one statue boy, right?"

Nick furrowed his brows. "I don't think it works like that."

"Why not?" the rat asked with annoyance.

"You can't really cancel a bad deed out with a good deed," Nick said.

"Why not?" the rat repeated.

Nick sighed. "Even if I saved a thousand people, Horua would have still died unjustly."

"But a thousand people surviving something that should kill them is not unjust?" the rat asked with a raised eyebrow.

Nick frowned and looked at the rat. "What are you trying to say?"

"Destiny, you know?" the rat said. "If statue boy was supposed to live longer, you changed his destiny, and changing someone's destiny is unfair, according to you."

"So, if you change someone's destiny in the opposite way by letting them live longer, that would also be unfair."

Nick sighed. "That's different. As humans, we are supposed to help each other. Changing someone else's destiny for the better is kind of expected of us."

The rat raised its eyebrows in disbelief as it looked at Nick.

Nick just looked back.

"What?" Nick asked with annoyance.

"Did you hear what you just said?" the rat asked.

"Yeah, so what?" Nick asked.

"You said it is expected of humans to help other humans," the rat said.

Nick just raised an eyebrow.

"Nick, have you looked outside?" the rat asked. "I don't know what you're seeing when you look outside, but I see plenty of depressed people who are in a horrible situation because of other humans."

"Like, so many Manufacturers are literally using humans as livestock for their Specters, and they are the ones in charge."

"How come the strongest humans are the ones that don't act like humans, according to you?"

"Shouldn't the most successful individuals of a species be used as a standard for what this species is supposed to live up to?" The rat asked.

Nick didn't answer.

The rat was right in the sense that the strongest humans tended to act as non-human as it got.

For example, the Manufacturer that hired the Inspectors to search for Specters could have simply told the city about the Dreamer. If that had happened, the Dreamer would have long been caught and contained, and so many lives would have been saved.

Instead, they kept the existence of the Dreamer a complete secret, allowing it to feed on the poor people of the Dregs for who knew how long.

Even more, the Crimson Fungus itself was responsible for the horrible lives of the people in the Dregs. After all, the Crimson Fungus was the one that consumed all the blood that the tax officials harvested.

The world seemed even darker and worse to Nick right now.

'Even the strong people are only interested in their own wealth.'

'Humanity is being besieged by Specters everywhere, and we can't even resist the strongest of them.'

'Albert said that the truly powerful Extractors, the ones at level seven and eight, are trying to fight the Specters, but the level five and level six Extractors are only interested in engorging themselves.'

At that point, rage appeared in Nick's chest.

'What's even the point of getting more Zephyx if you're not willing to join the fight against the Specters anyway?!'

'What are Manufacturers like Kugelblitz and Anatomy even doing with all of that Zephyx?!'

'While consuming harvested Zephyx isn't nearly as effective as generating it oneself, we could probably still produce many more level six Extractors with all the Zephyx that's just wasting away in some warehouses!'

'With more level six Extractors, we could capture more level six Specters and make the lives of everyone better.'

'If the people of the Dregs are suffering, they should at least suffer for a good cause that improves the lives of the majority of people instead of only an elite few.'

Nick didn't say anything for quite a while, and the rat only looked at him with interest.

'Yes, I don't deserve happiness because of what I did to Horua, but others still do!' Nick thought.

'If I can improve the lives of everyone else, maybe even Horua would want me to live on.'

Nick took a deep breath.

Nick had found a goal for his life.

Sadly, emotions and logic didn't always get along.

Even though Nick knew what he wanted to do, he still felt this all-consuming void in his chest.

His thoughts didn't matter in this case.

Logic couldn't help with something like this.

In the end, Nick could only sigh.

'It will be difficult, but if I actually manage to improve the lives of so many people, maybe I'll feel better.'

'Maybe I'll actually deserve to live on.'

'I can never repay Horua, but I can do my best to improve the world around me as some form of redemption.'

For the first time in quite a while, Nick actually stood up from his bed and walked over to one of the windows.

Nick looked at the city outside.

The shining sun was illuminating the grey and brown buildings.

There were no plants anywhere.

The air was stale and barely moved.

The people moved around with care.

Men were keeping an arm around their women, and the women kept an arm around their kids.

What were these people afraid of?

It wasn't the Specters.

While Specters were humanity's enemy, the vast majority of humans never came into contact with one, except for Nurse Alice or the Nightmare maybe.

No, these people were afraid of other people.

People in the Dregs often secretly killed each other.

People of the Outer City sometimes attacked people of the Dregs due to rage and frustration.

Extractors could kill basically anyone and just pay a fine, and if the fine was smaller than what they would get from the corpse-eating Specter, it turned into a business expenditure.

Nick knew that very well.

After all, the Screaming Coffin was exactly such a Specter.

With Nick's new outlook on life, the world appeared different now as well.

It seemed so rotten.

What if he could fix it?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 112 – A Goal
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For a while, Nick just looked out of the window.

He saw so much cruelty and wasted potential.

If the rich could give just a little bit to the people of the Dregs, the people wouldn't need to pay with their blood.

Then, they could be healthier and could contribute more to society.

'Of course, people who don't work don't deserve to own as much as people who do, but they deserve some dignity at least. At least, they should have enough to survive.'

'As long as people can have a home, food, water, and a family, it's okay.'

'If I can turn this dream into a reality for this city, I can say with certainty that I would have somewhat redeemed myself.'

'While Horua will never get to live his life, at least his death won't have been pointless.'

'Maybe he would have even given his life if it meant improving the lives of so many other people.'

"So, you've been standing there for a while," the rat said awkwardly. "Got anything to tell me?"

Nick didn't look at the rat and only looked at the city outside.

"I guess there's something that I can do with my life," Nick said.

Right now, Nick's emotions were rather complex.

On one hand, he felt some righteous indignation and drive for retribution, but on the other hand, the emptiness in his chest still made Nick feel like he wanted to die.

It was a strange mix of motivation and lethargy.

The only thing he could do to somewhat solve or suppress the conflict was to focus on making something of his life.

'I might have been a stupid idiot in the past, and I might even still be one, but I might not always be one.'

"So, you feel better?" the rat asked.

Nick didn't immediately answer.

"In a way, yes," Nick said. "I know what I want to do, at least."

"Okay, good, good," the rat said with a grin. "You don't want to kill yourself anymore?"

Nick released a sigh. "I guess wanting to kill myself is not really important. The fact is that I can't."

"There's something I want to do, which means I can manage to survive."

"Whether I want to or not."

"Great!" the rat said. "Then, my job here is done."

After that, the rat walked over to one of the windows.

"If you need some information about Specters, you can always call me," the rat said with a grin. "The price will be higher than the first time, but that shouldn't be a problem. After all, a Specter is worth more than just a couple of corpses, right?"

Nick furrowed his brows and didn't answer.

"See you soon, Nick," the rat said before leaving through the window.

Nick didn't look at the rat and kept facing the city.

'Parasite,' Nick thought with narrowed eyes. 'You might have helped me in seeing a way forward, but we both know that you only want more corpses.'

'Albert said that Specters are unable to feel things like empathy, and that has proven to be correct in this conversation. The Parasite couldn't even understand the value of human life and how killing a child is different from killing a criminal adult.'

'You might appear nice and helpful to me, but in the end, you still convince countless people to let you kill them.'

'Without you, many people would still be alive.'

Nick narrowed his eyes further.

'For now, I need you, but in the future, things will change.'

Nick turned away from the window and sat on his bed, but this time, he didn't just blankly look at the wall.

'This entire city is run by monsters, and if I want to improve the lives of everyone significantly, I need to become as strong as them.'

'While some donations here and there won't be an issue, giving everyone enough money so that they don't need to pay the blood tax anymore will almost certainly put a target on my back.'

'It's obvious that Kugelblitz is earning a crazy amount of credits from the blood tax. The 100 credits probably can't even remotely compare to how much two liters of blood are worth.'

'I can use my wealth right now to improve the lives of everyone in the Dregs, but I will quickly turn into a target and get killed.'

'The only chance is to become more powerful.'

'If I can become a level six Extractor, I will probably be strong enough to save the people of the Dregs.'

'A Hero, huh?' Nick thought as he looked forward with furrowed brows.

'The fact that the current leaders of the city are called Heroes is disgustingly ironic.'

At that point, Nick took a deep breath and released a sigh.

'And I won't be any different, I guess. After all, what Hero kills a kid?'

Nick shook his head rapidly to get rid of the intruding thoughts that threatened to drag him back into lethargy.

Instead, Nick stood up and looked at the weapons on the ground.

'I need power,' he thought as he slowly put on the braces.

'For that, I need Zephyx.'

'And to get Zephyx, I need enough power to acquire and defend it.'

At that point, Ardum's smirking face shot through Nick's mind.

'People like Ardum will try to kill me and acquire my wealth, and they probably won't intend to use that wealth to improve other people's lives.'

Next, Nick grabbed one spear and put it on his back.

'I haven't trained in quite a long while, and I've already noticed that my physical condition has somewhat deteriorated.'

'I should get back to training.'

But when Nick thought of training, he already became exhausted, and he quickly realized why.

'Right, I haven't properly eaten in a long while.'

At this moment, Nick wasn't looking at food as an indulgence anymore but as fuel.

He needed food to survive and to become stronger.

'Let's get some food with lots of protein, and then, I will run around the Dregs to improve my stamina.'

Nick nodded once and stepped out of his room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 113 – Training
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the remainder of the day, Nick focused on training and planning his future.

Strength, money, status.

Nick needed all of these things if he ever wanted to repay a little of the things he owed Horua.

The more time passed, the more Nick realized how much time he actually had to dedicate to whatever he wanted.

Horua had eaten so much of Nick's time and focus that, without him, Nick felt like there was nothing else to do.

For the first time in forever, Nick actually felt exhausted after working out.

Nick had run around the Outer City several times.

The citizens were not very surprised by a Zephyx Extractor running around. After all, there were quite a few level one Extractors in the Outer City, and they also needed to keep their fitness up.

From time to time, there were Extractors that kept jogging and running throughout the city.

Naturally, Nick sped up and slowed down constantly.

Since Nick was always putting in the same amount of effort, his speed kept changing due to his ability activating and deactivating.

And the best part was that Nick didn't even need to try to keep his ability a secret.

After all, if anyone saw him, it would deactivate on its own, keeping it a secret.

In a way, Nick was forced to keep his ability a secret since he couldn't even show it to anyone.

When Nick was exhausted from running around, he went to grab his weapons and trained with them.

The heavy weight of the weapons made it extremely difficult and strenuous to move around, but that was what Nick wanted.

Training was supposed to be exhausting.

When it was evening, Nick even bought quite expensive food.

Meat that didn't come from rats or insects.

Apparently, there were some kind of indoor farms where small but fat flightless birds, called chickens, were being held.

According to the person in the expensive-looking shop, the meat of these chickens was extremely rich in protein and almost had zero fat.

While Nick didn't exactly care about the fat content, he cared a lot about the protein.

So, Nick bought two entire cooked chickens and ate them.

After one chicken, Nick already felt like he was quite full, but he forced the second one down as well.

One had to remember that Nick managed to build quite an impressive body while living in the Dregs on his own.

If he didn't know how to build such a body, he wouldn't have had one.

'150 credits,' Nick thought. '150 credits for one meal, even though it was a lot.'

'If I were to eat normally, it would still be 75 credits. That's almost a month of tax.'

Nick had never eaten a meal this expensive.

However, the taste was absolutely amazing, and the contents of the meat were important.

When Nick was eating it, he almost felt like his body was screaming in euphoria.

Sadly, the euphoria was dampened by the black void in Nick's chest.

Nick had done a lot today and had eaten amazing food, but the void in his chest barely seemed weaker than in the morning.

The guilt, regret, worthlessness, self-hatred, and pointlessness were as present as ever.

Nick knew very well that all these things he was doing were just distractions from his emotions.

But that was the only thing he could do.

There was no way for Nick to deal with his emotions.

He would need to get rid of the guilt, but he could only get rid of the guilt by repaying Horua, which was impossible.

There was no way to fix this.

Which meant he had to live with this.

He wasn't courageous enough to kill himself.

He wouldn't mind dying the next moment, but he also wouldn't actively search for his death.

It was kind of a limbo.

'If I can make the lives of the people in the Dregs better, I might be able to live with myself, and if I die along the way, it's also not a loss.'

'It's a win-win either way,' Nick thought as he put his weapons to the side.

Eventually, it was time for Nick to go to bed.

It was difficult.

With nothing to distract him, Nick's mind was constantly drawn to things he had done.

Luckily, the strong exhaustion of Nick's battered body made him drift off to sleep relatively quickly.

Nick slept for over ten hours, which was far more than normal.

'But it makes sense,' Nick thought. 'I went through a lot yesterday, and I also trained more than I ever did before.'

'I never had the luxury of safety, which always stopped me from completely exhausting my body. Additionally, food was also always an issue.'

Nick felt a bit of weakness coming from his body, but it wasn't as strong as he had expected.

Obviously, Nick had trained a lot in his life, and he was very familiar with his body.

The way Nick was feeling was like how he used to feel after having muscle soreness.

'I became quite a bit stronger since I last trained,' Nick thought. 'The last time I properly trained was before I joined Dark Dream. Ever since then, I advanced several levels.'

'As a Late level one Extractor, my body is converting Prephyx into Zephyx that can't be harvested, which is then used as fuel for my movements.'

'It wouldn't be strange to think that the Zephyx also has a healing effect on my body,' Nick thought as he moved his arm around to test its strength.

'Including today, I still have two more days of rest.'

'I should use them.'

Nick quickly left his bed, bought a heavy breakfast, and started to run around again.

This time, Nick decided to wear his four cuffs while running.

That made it many times more difficult, but he kept at it.

Whenever Nick felt like he was losing strength, he started to tell himself that he wasn't doing all of this for himself but for Horua.

Nick didn't allow himself to become complacent.

He had to repay Horua!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 114 – Back to Work
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick woke up and looked at the clock.

'5:35,' Nick thought. 'The alarm rings in ten minutes anyway.'

Nick left his bed, walked over to the clock on the wall, and clicked a button at the side.

He had learned just yesterday that the clocks in the hotel had an alarm function from one of the clerks.

This made things much easier for Nick.

After deactivating the alarm, Nick grabbed his cuffs.

But before he put them on, he looked at his wrists.

Nick saw some faded cuts on them, and he furrowed his brows.

A memory from two days ago shot through Nick's mind.

After running around with the cuffs, Nick had come home, and when he had taken the cuffs off, he had seen that they had cut into his skin.

While the four cuffs were quite expensive weapons, they were not designed to be worn for hours of running around.

Naturally, Nick's bleeding wrists hurt quite a bit, but he didn't view the pain as bad.

In a way, this pain was a reaffirmation of his own conviction.

Seeing how much he had pushed himself somewhat calmed Nick's guilt.

He was putting in so much effort that he was even bleeding.

Even if Horua could see him, he wouldn't say that Nick wasn't trying his best.

The day after that, the cuts on Nick's arms had somewhat healed, but there were still some scabs left.

Nevertheless, Nick put on the cuffs again and trained for the entire day.

In the end, he bled again, but it wasn't as bad as the first day.

And this morning, the cuts were nearly completely gone.

One would only notice them if one knew that they were supposed to be there.

Eventually, Nick put the cuffs on and left for work.

He hadn't officially been to work for three days, but unofficially, Nick hadn't worked for about five days.

So much had happened in the last five days.

Nick killed Pator.

Horua died.

Nick started to feel horrible.

Nick found a new goal.

Nick trained.

To Nick, it felt like he hadn't been at work for a month or so.

Nick walked out of the hotel and went into a nearby shop that sold food.

In the last couple of days, Nick had found something else that tasted amazing.

Apparently, these things called chickens also laid eggs, and these eggs were a great source for many different things a human needed.

But the eggs were expensive. One egg wasn't very big, but it cost almost ten credits!

Nevertheless, Nick saw spending money like this as an investment.

If eating the eggs were just a hobby or for leisure, Nick would feel like he threw his money out of the window.

But this was for his future and his power.

Nick needed to invest money into his power!

Because of that, he wasn't very bothered by the high price.

Also, the price of the food wasn't actually that high, considering what Nick made in a day.

As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick made 10% of what Trevor, Jenny, and the Screaming Coffin produced.

So, even if Nick didn't work himself, he would make at least 2,000 credits a day.

200 to 300 credits for food was barely ten percent of what Nick earned that day.

After shoving five eggs down, Nick went to Dark Dream.

As Nick entered, he slightly furrowed his brows.

His ability had deactivated, but he couldn't see anyone.

'The spy is back,' Nick thought.

'Sadly, it's not the time yet to confront Ardum.'

Nick walked forward and entered the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

Surprisingly, the Screaming Coffin was peacefully lying in the middle of the room.

'I guess Wyntor found a way to get a corpse,' Nick thought.

Seeing that he wasn't needed here, Nick left the Containment Unit and stopped in front of Wyntor's office.

A couple minutes later, Wyntor entered the warehouse.

When Wyntor saw Nick, he was a bit surprised.

Nick felt quite different from before.

Three days ago, Nick seemed so fragile and vulnerable, and two days before that, Nick had seemed like he was about to say the Sentence.

But now, Nick seemed quite… sturdy and serious.

He had always seemed like a nice and light-hearted guy, but now, he seemed like someone who wasn't interested in hearing jokes.

It was quite a strong transformation.

Nevertheless, Wyntor had learned how to interact with all kinds of people, and he had also learned to discern emotions from just the slightest signs.

And he could tell that Nick was concerned right now.

"You noticed our new colleagues, I presume?" Wyntor asked with a smirk.

Nick furrowed his brows. "New colleagues?" he repeated.

Wyntor nodded and pointed at a railing at the side of the warehouse.

Naturally, almost all warehouses in the Outer City were equipped with some kind of metallic scaffolding with cheap metallic stairs that led to a higher layer at the edge of the warehouse.

The higher layer consisted of a corridor made of metallic grates, barely two meters wide, which led around the sides of the warehouse.

Nick looked at the spot Wyntor was pointing to and saw a guy lifting his right hand in greeting.

The guy was wearing a grey uniform, which almost perfectly blended into the grey of the walls.

The guy was also carrying a couple of guns with him.

All in all, the guy gave off a similar vibe to the city guards but a bit more subdued.

"This is one of the members of the guard team that I hired," Wyntor said.

Then, he pointed at another spot. "Another one should be there."

Nick furrowed his brows and looked over.

It took a couple of seconds, but eventually, Nick managed to discern the silhouette of another man.

"And the last one is there," Wyntor said, pointing at yet another spot.

Sure enough, Nick saw a third person.

"There are always three guards here," Wyntor said. "We want to make sure that nobody tries to take them out one by one, which is why they all have each other in their vision and are on opposite sides of the warehouse."

"They're professionals, and they can even fight an average level one Extractor with their weapons and their tactics."

"And the best thing: this entire team barely costs 1,500 credits per day."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115 115 – He Has Changed
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick saw the three guards, he felt like Dark Dream had changed.

Sure, they had already been an official business when they had hired Jenny, but now, Nick actually felt like Dark Dream was becoming a real business.

A CEO, a Chief Zephyx Extractor, two Zephyx Extractors, a servant, a constant presence of three guards…

There were now quite a lot more people.

'So, when my ability deactivated earlier, it wasn't because of the spy, but because of the guards,' Nick thought as he looked at the three of them.

"I should get familiar with them," Nick told Wyntor.

"Right, we also need to talk about a couple of things," Wyntor said. "The unimportant things can wait until later since you need to get to work on the Dreamer soon. By the way, do you feel confident in working with the Dreamer?"

Nick nodded wordlessly.

Wyntor looked at Nick for a bit.

'He seems quite confident,' Wyntor thought.

"Good to hear," Wyntor said with a smile. "Is there anything that you need to talk to me about that can't wait until the afternoon?"

Nick turned to Wyntor. "I want to start training with my weapons as soon as possible."

Wyntor raised an eyebrow.

Nick hadn't seemed that eager to train with his weapons a couple of days ago, but now, he seemed like he couldn't wait any longer.

"Sure," Wyntor said. "When do you want the training to be?"

"After lunch each day," Nick said. "I will be done with the Dreamer at two p.m., and lunch should barely take half an hour. I can then use another half an hour to warm up, and I should be ready to train at three p.m."

Wyntor nodded. "How will you split your training?"

"Three days of fists and four days of throwing spears per week," Nick said. "Three hours per day."

Wyntor raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Seven days a week with three hours every day? Are you sure you can handle that? I don't want to pay them for just talking to you."

Nick nodded with conviction. "I know I can handle that much."

Wyntor kept looking at Nick with skepticism, but after looking into Nick's confident eyes for a couple of seconds, Wyntor just shrugged.

"If you think so," Wyntor said, "but if I hear from them that they feel like you're not properly training for all three hours, I will take their fees out of your salary, okay?"

Nick nodded. "No problem."

"Alright," Wyntor said, patting Nick on the shoulder. "Come to me when you're done with the Dreamer."

"Of course," Nick answered.

Wyntor just smiled. "It's good to have you back, Nick."

Nick took a deep breath.

"It's good to be back," he said.

At this moment, Nick wasn't sure if he was lying or not.

In a way, he was glad that he could work again, but he also felt like it didn't matter.

The void in his chest made all of this seem meaningless and irrelevant.

Nick's feelings were telling him that it made no difference where he was.

Being in Dark Dream was the same as lying in bed.

But Nick just ignored his feelings.

In the last couple of days, he had become quite good at dealing with the void in his chest.

It still appeared every evening when there was nothing to do, but during the day, he could deal with it.

Wyntor entered his office, and Nick walked into the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

The Dreamer looked away from Trevor and focused on Nick.

Nick looked back with an even look.

After some seconds, the Dreamer took a couple of steps back.

Nick woke Trevor, and the two of them talked a bit.

When Trevor saw Nick, he felt some mixed feelings.

On the one hand, Trevor was happy that Nick had regained his energy, but on the other hand, Nick seemed to have changed quite a bit.

He seemed less jovial.

Less lighthearted.

More serious.

'Well, he does feel like a boss now,' Trevor thought with a sigh.

After talking a bit more, Trevor left, and Nick sat down in the corner.

When the Dreamer came closer, Nick felt almost no fear.

Usually, Nick felt at least some fear while being close to the Dreamer, but not anymore.

Maybe it was the fact that Nick now had a Barrier and weapons.

Or maybe it was the fact that Nick didn't care for his survival as much anymore.

No matter the case, the truth was that Nick felt almost no fear in front of the Dreamer.

A minute later, Nick fell asleep.

"Nick, wake up," he heard an instant later.

As Nick opened his eyes, he saw the concerned Jenny.

"Are you okay?" Jenny asked with a worried expression.

"Why wouldn't I be?" Nick asked, who was surprised by how shaky his voice sounded.

The next moment, Nick felt something wet on his face and cleaned it.

'Tears?' Nick thought as he looked at the wet spots on his hand.

'Have I been crying in my sleep?' Nick thought in surprise.

That was when Nick noticed that there were also several wet spots on the ground around him.

'I must have been crying a lot, judging by all these stains,' Nick thought with furrowed brows.

'Yet, I feel fine. I don't feel like I have to cry.'

"Are you sure you're okay?" Jenny asked.

Nick nodded and stood up. "It's probably an effect of the nightmare the Dreamer put me in. Seems like quite some sad things happened. Don't worry about it."

Jenny just looked at Nick with a worried expression.

To Jenny, Nick felt different.

Nick felt much colder and more distant.

It was almost like he was afraid of getting too close to Jenny.

Jenny wanted to ask Nick about what was going on, but then she remembered her last talk with him.

Back then, Nick had said that he thought that Jenny was getting too involved in his life.

He was her boss, and she was his employee.

So, Jenny decided against asking Nick.

After some small talk, Nick left the Containment Unit to look at how much Zephyx had been produced.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116 116 – Dung Heap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick saw the amount of Zephyx that had been created, he sighed.

'It's as expected. The more suffering someone goes through, the more Zephyx gets produced.'

Nick had produced around 15 grams of Zephyx, which was quite a bit more than previously.

Since Nick got to keep 20% of that, it meant that he had essentially earned 6,000 credits from just this.

Usually, Nick would feel quite overwhelmed, but the feeling of surprise and joy was extremely subdued at best.

It just didn't feel like anything special right now.

After looking at the Zephyx for a little bit, Nick grabbed the Zephyx containers and brought them over to Wyntor's office.

"Thanks," Wyntor said as he grabbed the container.

A moment later, Wyntor calculated the worth of the Zephyx and gave Nick the money he had earned the last couple of days.

After all, even though Nick hadn't been working, the other Extractors had been working, and Nick still earned money from that.

"Thanks," Nick also said as he pocketed the money.

"By the way, your first teacher is ready to start today since she doesn't have a lot to do," Wyntor said. "You're fine with starting today, right?"

'She?' Nick thought.

Nick had chosen fist weapons and throwing spears, and both things didn't seem like weapons that women would choose.

"Which instructor is it?" Nick asked.

"The spear one," Wyntor said with a chuckle. "She will be in the warehouse in a bit less than an hour."

Nick nodded with a bit of anticipation, which could almost be called excitement.

"I will be there," Nick said as he stood up.

"Nick, I need to talk to you about a couple of things," Wyntor said.

"I know," Nick answered. "I'm just getting something to eat. A consistent diet is part of training, and I need to eat something before I start training with my instructor. We can talk about everything after I got my food."

"If it's okay with you, I can get the food and eat it in here. That should save us some time," Nick explained.

Wyntor furrowed his brows.

He wasn't the biggest fan of someone eating food inside of his office.

"Let's talk about these things in your room then," Wyntor said.

"Fine with me," Nick said before leaving the office.

Nick grabbed a cooked chicken and walked to his room.

Naturally, Wyntor was already waiting there, and the two of them entered.

While Nick was tearing the chicken apart, Wyntor was telling Nick about what had changed in the last couple of days.

Nick simply listened, and when Wyntor was done with telling Nick about everything, Nick gave his input.

"I'm fine with the corpse acquisition," Nick said.

In the last couple of days, Wyntor had finally managed to finalize a deal between him and Crimson Fungus City.

Corpses were seen as the property of Crimson Fungus City.

Any corpse that appeared in the Outer City and the Dregs was the property of the city.

Naturally, it was like that since corpses could be sold for quite a lot of money to the Zephyx Manufacturers.

The baseline price of the corpses was set by Anatomy, the second-biggest Manufacturer in the city.

Anatomy's strongest Specter was the Pit of Corpses, and it was a very strong level five Specter, a Fanatic.

The Pit of Corpses essentially had no limit to the number of corpses it could turn into Zephyx.

However, the more corpses it got, the less efficient it was in producing Zephyx.

After a lot of time, Anatomy found a sweet spot.

If they purchased all the corpses at 10,000 credits per corpse, they would still remain very profitable, and the other Manufacturers would need to pay more to get corpses.

Naturally, the other Manufacturers could only buy a couple of corpses for such a high price, which meant that Anatomy would still receive the vast majority of corpses.

If one directly bought corpses from the guards without any kind of deal, they would need to pay 15,000 credits since the city also wanted to earn quite a bit.

Luckily, Wyntor had gotten a favorable deal with the city.

Every two days, they would receive the corpse of one adult male for 11,000 credits.

That made things way easier.

First of all, the corpse was cheaper.

Second, it was always a very valuable corpse since it was from an adult male. These corpses tended to have more mass than the corpses of females and children.

Third, Nick wouldn't need to find targets anymore, which was good for his mental state.

They wouldn't even need to leave since the city guards would deliver the corpse right to the warehouse.

After talking about the corpses, the two of them talked about their future plans.

For now, everyone would focus on training and getting ready for battle, and in about three months or so, when everyone reached the Peak of the first level, they would start to become a bit more aggressive towards Ardum's company.

The search for a third Specter was put on ice for now since they wanted to consolidate for a while.

The more Specters they had, the more people they needed to employ, which would make for a bigger target.

They could still expand when Ardum was dealt with.

Wyntor also told Nick about Ardum's company.

It was called Cycle, and it had a circular arrow as a symbol.

Cycle was named as such due to their strongest Specter, the Dung Heap.

The Dung Heap was an Adolescent Specter, making it stronger than all the Specters Dark Dream owned.

Ardum had purchased the Dung Heap for only 500,000 credits, which was insanely low for an Adolescent Specter.

Even Hatchlings went for at least a million credits each.

Well, the reason why the Dung Heap was so cheap was that it barely produced any Zephyx.

The Dung Heap produced Zephyx by destroying food.

And, well, food was pretty expensive in Crimson Fungus City.

Even more, the "bargain bin method" couldn't be employed since the Specter was a Possession Specter.

So, Ardum was stuck buying very expensive food to pile onto the Dung Heap to barely produce a bit of Zephyx.

Even though the Dung Heap was an Adolescent, it was probably only a quarter or half as profitable as the Screaming Coffin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117 117 – Special Law
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Aside from the Dung Heap, Ardum also had two Hatchlings, but they were not very important.

The most important thing was that if they managed to deal with Ardum, they would get all of these Specters.

Naturally, Nick wanted to know how they would get them. After all, the Specters were owned by another Manufacturer, and if these Specters suddenly appeared in Dark Dream's building, wouldn't the city get involved and accuse them of theft?

Wyntor told Nick that this was not the case.

In the past, Kugelblitz had wanted to get rid of one of its competitors, and after a lot of influencing in the city's government, they managed to pass a law.

This law dictated the minimum power one needed to possess in order to safeguard the populace from a captured Specter.

One needed at least one Extractor for every Specter, and the Extractors all needed to be on the level of every Specter.

Dark Dream, for example, had two Hatchlings, which meant that Dark Dream needed two Newbies, and at least one of the Newbies needed to be a Peak Newbie.

However, there were a couple of exceptions.

For example, if a Late or Mid Newbie could prove that they could suppress the Peak Hatchling, there wouldn't be an issue.

Another Manufacturer could request a check on another Manufacturer, but the check cost a lot of money.

If someone wanted to perform a check on Dark Dream, they would need to pay a million credits.

If a check was requested, a team employed by Crimson Fungus City would arrive and inspect all the different Specters in the Manufacturer.

If the Manufacturer was deemed to be strong enough to have these Specters, the team would leave, and the other Manufacturer would have lost their credits.

However, if the Manufacturer couldn't show the power required to suppress their Specters, the Manufacturer would be forced to disband, and the Specters would be handed over to another Manufacturer.

Almost always, the Manufacturer that requested the check also had a couple of empty Containment Units ready while also having a great number of extra employees, and since they also paid for the check, they almost always got the Specters.

So, what did this mean in concrete numbers?

If Ardum managed to kill Nick, he could request a check.

Wyntor wouldn't be strong enough to suppress the Dreamer on his own, and the other two Extractors were still too weak. Additionally, their abilities also weren't suited for combat.

On the other hand, if Dark Dream managed to get rid of the second John in Cycle and kill all of the Newbies, they would get all the Specters of Cycle.

At this point, it was important to mention that they couldn't purposefully kill Ardum himself.

Ardum was one of the potential heirs of the Melfion family, and even if he was supposed to prove himself worthy, the Melfion family wouldn't be happy with seeing one of their sons killed.

While nothing would happen to Wyntor, the person who killed Ardum would most likely be killed by the Melfion family.

As a John himself, Ardum could represent the Dung Heap, but he couldn't represent the two Hatchlings.

But as long as they managed to kill enough of Ardum's men, they would still get everything.

Ardum was only one man, and he had three Specters.

For quite a while, Nick and Wyntor planned through all kinds of scenarios.

At some point, they would clash with Cycle.

With Ardum's arrogance, he probably thought that Dark Dream didn't even know that he was spying on them.

Wyntor assured Nick that Ardum's head was so far up his own ass that he was defying physical laws.

As long as they acted stupid, Ardum would believe himself to be in control.

For now, they would just act like they didn't know that someone from Ardum's company was spying on them.

After a lot of talking, Nick said that he had to go.

It was about time for his first lesson.

Nick and Wyntor went back to Dark Dream.

When they entered the warehouse, they could see a new person.

"Yes, Stan?" Wyntor asked the guy who was running up to him.

It was a man with dark hair wearing a grey suit.

And at this moment, he seemed like he had seen a Specter.

His eyes were widely opened, and his face had turned pale.

"Sir, there was nothing we could do! She was-"

"Calm down!" Wyntor said with a forceful voice.

Stan looked with a worried expression at Wyntor as he kept glancing towards the back of the warehouse occasionally.

"Manela, I guess this is your doing?" Wyntor asked.

"They were weak."

Nick and Wyntor looked up at one of the scaffoldings and saw someone leaning on a railing.

When Nick saw the person, he took a deep breath.

She was big!

The person was over 190 centimeters tall. Her hair was light brown, and her skin also had a very brown tone.

Nick would have thought that she was a man, if… well…

Her front was also very big.

A moment later, Nick noticed the emblems on her uniform.

She wore the bloody red uniform of a Zephyx Extractor from Kugelblitz, and Nick could also see the picture of a three-headed mushroom on her chest.

The mushroom was being struck by three lightning bolts, which signified her level.

She was a level three Zephyx Extractor, a Veteran.

And she wasn't just any Veteran.

She was a Veteran who was being employed by the most powerful Zephyx Manufacturer in Crimson Fungus City, Kugelblitz.

This person was most likely extremely powerful, even for a Veteran.

The next moment, the tall woman jumped over the railing and comfortably landed on the ground, making almost no sound.

Crk.

Nick heard the distant sound of something scraping on the walls of the warehouse and looked over.

On one wall of the warehouse was a metallic spear embedded.

Nick remembered that this was one of the positions of the guards.

Luckily, he didn't see a corpse.

SHING!

A moment later, a tiny silver thread reflected in the air, and the spear shot out of the wall.

Clink!

And neatly landed in the tall woman's right hand.

Nick took a deep breath.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118 118 – Manela
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Manela, the tall woman, walked up to Wyntor and nodded in greeting.

Nick looked with quite a bit of awe at the woman.

She was so tall and strong, and her demeanor seemed so confident.

Nick had never seen someone like this in the Dregs.

"I presume you had your fun?" Wyntor asked with a sigh.

"Yes," Manela said with a confident nod, "but your guards are no good. They didn't even notice me until I voluntarily showed myself. You need better ones."

The guards heard Manela. Usually, they would have protested, but this time, they kept quiet.

Yes, they were very good at what they did, but this was a Veteran from Kugelblitz!

Of course they were not up to her standards!

If they were, they wouldn't be working for a small client like Dark Dream!

"They are more than good enough for what I pay them," Wyntor said with a friendly smile. "If I were to hire guards that you would be fine with, I would be losing more money than I would make."

Manela had an unimpressed expression on her face, but Nick could also see that she understood.

The next moment, Manela glanced at Nick.

Nick raised an eyebrow.

Manela furrowed her brows.

"Is that the guy?" Manela asked.

"Yes, this is Nick, my Chief Zephyx Extractor," Wyntor said, gesturing to Nick.

"Chief Zephyx Extractor," Manela repeated with disgust.

When she heard Chief Zephyx Extractor, the image of her own Chief Zephyx Extractor in Kugelblitz shot through her mind, a level six Zephyx Extractor, a Hero.

Compared to that person, Nick seemed like a child.

"Officially, I guess the title is accurate," Manela said.

Nick took a deep breath.

Silence.

"You're not going to ask?" Manela asked.

"No," Nick said. "I know what you mean."

"Hmph," Manela uttered as she looked at Nick for a bit more. "Well, money is money, I suppose."

Nick nodded and held out his hand for a handshake. "Nice to be working with you."

Manela looked at the hand with furrowed brows. "What are you doing?"

"Shaking hands," Nick said matter-of-factly. "Isn't that how you people from the Inner City greet each other?"

Manela's eyes narrowed.

Nick raised an eyebrow.

Did he do something wrong?

Wyntor awkwardly cleared his throat. "Nick, a handshake is more for interactions between businesses. Unless they are in an official meeting, Extractors generally don't greet each other like that."

"You can tell him," Manela said. "You don't need to lie for me."

Wyntor awkwardly coughed again. "And Manela is not from the Inner City. She used to live in the Outer City."

"Oh," Nick said, pulling his arm back. "I didn't know."

Manela just looked at Nick. "You smell of chicken," she said.

Nick wasn't sure where Manela was going with this. "Yes, I eat them every day."

"Are they good?" she asked.

"Very," Nick said. "They are the best thing I have ever eaten in my life."

Manela raised an eyebrow.

Nick didn't seem to be lying.

Then, a casual smile formed on her face. "Thanks. My mother raises the ones they sell here, and my father slaughters them. Your appreciation for the chickens is why they are still working to this day."

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise as he thought back to the chickens he had eaten.

Manela's parents were the ones who raised and slaughtered them?

"The chickens taste amazing," Nick said with a nod.

"Thanks," Manela said with a small smile.

But then, her face immediately turned into a solemn frown filled with seriousness.

"We don't have time for this," she said.

Nick nodded.

They were not here to talk about chickens.

"Get your spears," Manela commanded.

"I have one," Nick said, taking out one of them.

Clank!

Manela slapped the spear to the side, and it fell to the ground.

"Get your entire set," she ordered. "I heard you got a set of five. Get them all. Leave your vambraces in your room."

Manela had already noticed the reason why Nick wasn't carrying all of his spears with him.

The single spear she had thrown to the side was already way too heavy for someone like Nick.

A set of five would be absolutely brutal to carry, and if Nick also wore his fist weapons, things would only become more troublesome.

"Of course," Nick said as he turned around to leave.

"Take your spear with you," Manela commanded.

Nick furrowed his brows. He would come back here anyway. Why should he take the spear with him?

"Show respect to the craftsmanship," Manela explained, seeing Nick's expression. "A spear is only ever supposed to remain in three places when not being used."

"On your back."

"Stabbed into something."

"Or lying on a clean surface."

"You can stab your spear into the warehouse floor since that is what a spear is supposed to do, but you are not allowed to leave it lying on such dirty ground."

Manela flicked her fingers, and the spear on the ground flew into her hand by itself.

CRACK!

The next moment, she flicked Nick's spear downward, and it perfectly stabbed into the ground.

"That's okay," she said.

Then, she kicked the spear, and it fell to the ground.

"That's not okay."

'Show respect to the craftsmanship?' Nick thought.

At that moment, Nick thought about how he would feel if he produced something with all his passion and love and then saw it getting thrown in the dirt with disregard.

'I most likely won't mind, but I can see how someone can view this as disrespectful,' Nick thought.

"Okay," Nick said, bending down and lifting the spear.

After putting it on his back, Nick left the warehouse.

Meanwhile, Manela looked at Wyntor. "He's malleable," she said. "That's good."

Wyntor nodded. "I see a lot of potential in him."

Silence.

"You don't agree?" Wyntor asked.

Manela looked at the exit with furrowed brows.

"I don't know."

"He is malleable, and I can see a fire burning inside of him."

"But on the other hand, he also gives me this certain feeling that I have felt from many of my colleagues."

"It's like he's fighting a hopeless battle, and he knows it deep inside."

"He seems too idealistic."

"People like this don't tend to live long."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119 119 – Lesson
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A minute later, Nick came back to Dark Dream.

He had put his cuffs away, but the weight of all five spears was almost crushing him.

Manela could see how much Nick was suffering under the heavy weight of the spears.

She had no idea why Wyntor bought him such a heavy and advanced set of spears.

These spears seemed way too heavy for someone of Nick's level.

However, Manela also knew that a majority of an Extractor's power came from their ability.

Most likely, the heavy weight of Nick's throwing spears was related to his ability.

Manela knew that Wyntor wasn't dumb. After all, Wyntor had been in her department for a couple of days a couple of years ago while he was learning about how to run a proper Manufacturer.

"Let's go," Manela said, walking past Nick and leaving the warehouse.

"Go where?" Nick asked.

"Training spot," she said. "We can't throw spears in here."

"Oh, right," Nick said as he started to walk past her.

"Have fun!" Wyntor shouted before going back to his office.

Manela and Nick walked through the streets.

Many people on the streets looked at Manela with respect and shock.

A Veteran from Kugelblitz!

Even more, she was huge!

It was almost like a bronze goddess of war was walking through the streets.

Manela didn't say anything as they walked, but her speed slowly picked up.

Nick already had issues walking at a normal pace, but it only got worse when Manela walked faster.

Nick gritted his teeth and also sped up.

The sound of Nick's footsteps was extremely loud and reverberated through the streets.

After a while, the two of them reached the entrance to the Dregs.

The next moment, Nick saw Manela casually jumping on top of a two-story building.

She looked back, motioning for Nick to come up with her.

Nick looked at Manela with furrowed brows.

He could barely walk with all this weight.

How was he supposed to get on top of a building?

Nick looked around but didn't see any stairs.

The wall was also very flat.

There were no smaller buildings within reach.

Sure, if Nick's ability activated or if he didn't carry his spears with him, he would have no issues getting up there.

Sadly, it was during the middle of the day, which meant several people were looking towards Nick's direction at all times, and he was obviously supposed to bring his spears with him.

Manela just kept looking at Nick without saying anything.

Nick thought for a bit.

A couple of seconds later, he walked to the entrance of the house and loudly knocked.

"Anyone in there?"

No answer.

"Hello?"

No answer.

"If you don't open, your house might get damaged."

No answer.

At that moment, the door gave way since it had never been locked.

Nick hesitated, shrugged, and entered.

After looking through the house, he couldn't find any sign of people living there.

This house was at the border between the Outer City and the Dregs.

Most likely, nobody would be living here.

While it officially was part of the Dregs, the guards really weren't the biggest fans of the stinky people from the Dregs, and they didn't like them living this close to the Outer City.

Because of that, almost all houses at the border were empty, and this most likely was one of them.

'Good to know,' Nick thought with a nod.

Nick walked out of the house again and looked at Manela, who was still looking at him wordlessly.

"Can I throw my spears to you?" he asked.

Manela's brows furrowed.

She didn't immediately answer.

"What if I say no?" she asked.

"That's also fine," Nick said.

Silence.

"Show me," she ordered.

"Alright," Nick said.

Nick took out one spear and stabbed it into the ground beside him.

He did the same with the next three spears.

Nick grabbed the last spear with both hands and stabbed it into the wall of the house.

Then, Nick grabbed another spear and stabbed it higher into the house by throwing it.

After doing that five times, Nick created a small staircase.

Manela said that it was fine if the spears were stuck in something.

So, this should be okay.

After climbing to the second spear, Nick put his legs around it and let his upper body fall.

Like this, he could easily grab the first spear.

When he got it, he walked all the way to the top and stabbed it into the roof.

Manela looked at him wordlessly as Nick went back down to grab the second spear.

A couple seconds later, Nick was on top of the building with all of his spears.

"Impressive," Manela said.

"Thanks," Nick said.

"I don't think you know what I meant," she added.

Nick blinked in surprise. "What did you mean?"

"Your question earlier," Manela said. "You asked me if you could pass your spears to me."

"Yeah, what about it?" Nick asked.

"I've done this with a couple of people, but you're the first one that actually asked for help without giving up," she said.

"Huh?" Nick uttered.

"This was supposed to teach you two things."

"First, that throwing spears are more than just weapons. You can use them in many different ways."

"And second, that we are not alone as Zephyx Extractors."

"As Zephyx Extractors, we are always working together. We are a team."

"Even if we go into battle, we go into battle together."

"Because of that, asking for help is not wrong and even encouraged."

"Tasks that seem very difficult can easily be overcome by working together with someone else, and not accepting the help of others is often very stupid."

"You're actually the first one that asked for assistance like this."

"Most of the time, if the person doesn't find the solution, they just say that they give up. They see asking me for help as giving up when it is actually the very point of the lesson."

Nick blinked a couple of times. "Then why did you ask what I would do if you said no?"

"I wanted to know what you had planned," Manela said. "You went into the house to see if someone lived there, which means you probably were planning on damaging the house. I wanted to see what would happen."

"Oh," Nick said. "Well, originally, I wanted to throw my spear upwards and let it land in the roof, but I realized that it was too heavy to throw that far up. So, I went with this."

Manela looked at Nick for a couple more seconds.

Then, she nodded. "Alright, let's continue," she said before holding out her hand.

Nick grabbed it and shook it.

Manela looked at him with a deadpan expression.

"Give me your spears. I'll hold them for you."

Nick stopped shaking Manela's hand.

"Oh, okay."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120 120 – Collecting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the next couple of minutes, the two of them jumped from building to building.

Eventually, Manela stopped, and Nick looked at the place in front of him.

Ruins.

They were standing on the highest building around, which was four stories high. In front of them were half-destroyed and completely destroyed houses for nearly fifty meters.

Even more, many of the plates and grates were completely ruined, exposing the sewers.

In a way, this area looked like an ancient ruin in the middle of a swamp, except that the swamp itself was made of even more disgusting water.

"Can you tell what destroyed all of these buildings?" Manela asked.

Nick looked around.

After a while, he noticed that there were many round holes in the destroyed buildings.

"Something round and strong," Nick said.

Manela grabbed one of Nick's spears and threw it.

SHING!

Nick's eyes shot open in shock as he saw his spear perfectly passing through one of the holes!

"This was my training ground," Manela said. "This is the only place in the Outer City where I can practice throwing my spears."

Nick looked at the destroyed buildings and the houses.

Manela must have thrown countless spears.

"Get your spear. You need to get familiar with this place anyway," she said.

Nick took a deep breath and nodded.

"Hold up," Manela said, holding out Nick's other spears. "Don't forget your other spears."

Nick took another deep breath.

"Of course," he said, putting them on his back.

Immediately, Nick felt extremely heavy again.

As he looked at the destroyed building in the distance again, he felt like it was now much further away.

Even more, Nick was on top of a four-story building while the spear had shot through a hole in one of the small houses.

On top of that, the grates on the streets would never be able to hold Nick's weight and the weight of the spears.

This meant Nick needed to jump from building to building while also carrying his spears.

It was essentially impossible.

However, Nick remembered what he had learned in the previous lesson and what Manela had said.

Throwing spears were not only weapons.

Eventually, Nick created a route in his mind.

First, he climbed down the building by dropping three of his spears.

By dropping them, Nick could easily control in which way they would reach the ground, and all three spears stabbed into the roof of the smaller building beside this one.

Then, Nick jumped down the building and stabbed the last spear into the wall.

Since Nick didn't weigh a lot without his spears, the wall managed to withstand his weight.

After that, Nick pulled the spear out and dropped onto the roof.

With his physique, he could withstand such a drop.

A moment later, Nick put the spear with the others and left to get his lost spear.

Manela had never said that Nick couldn't put his spears to the side.

Without his spears, it was easy to jump from building to building.

About a minute later, Nick entered the destroyed building and found his spear stabbed into the ground.

Returning also wasn't difficult, but the climb to the top of the tall building wasn't easy.

Nick used the same method he used during the first lesson, but due to the greater size of the building, Nick needed to jump much more.

But eventually, he did it and arrived at the top with all of his spears.

Manela wordlessly walked over to Nick and took one spear.

SHING!

And threw it through the same hole.

"Nice going, smartass. Now, do the same, but take your spears with you," she said.

Nick took a very deep breath to calm down.

"Of course," he said.

"I don't want to see you drop your spears," Manela said. "If your spears are leaving your person, it better be to act as a foothold or something similar."

As Nick looked at the route he needed to take, he became worried.

With the added weight, that route was now impossible to take.

There were too many big jumps.

This time, it took Nick almost five minutes to come up with a new route, and the route was long.

The spear was barely 40 meters away from Nick, but he would need to traverse over 200 meters to get to it.

Climbing down the tall building was the first problem.

With so many spears on him, the wall couldn't possibly resist Nick's weight if he held onto a single spear.

However, Nick came up with a solution.

He jumped down and immediately stabbed one of his spears into the building.

But before he fully stopped, he let go of the spear and continued falling.

And stabbed in the second spear.

Eventually, Nick had put all four spears into the wall.

Since Nick no longer had a spear on his back, he could climb up to the highest one, retrieve it, and fall to the second.

The second could withstand the combined weight of Nick and one spear, but the third one quickly broke off the wall when Nick dropped onto it with two spears.

Luckily, the spear still managed to slow his fall, and eventually, Nick broke through all the spears and landed on the ground.

His bones and muscles hurt, but he could still move.

Then, the arduous journey began.

Nick used his spears to close the gap between buildings while also having to retrieve them.

He needed to balance on them.

He even used them to break down a wall.

It took Nick over 40 minutes to get to his original spear and retrieve it.

Then, the long journey back began.

The way back was even more difficult with an additional spear, and it took Nick another 30 minutes.

Finally, Nick arrived on top of the building.

Manela grabbed one of the spears and threw it through a different hole in a different building.

"Next one."

Nick took a deep breath.

He had expected that he would learn how to throw spears.

Instead, Manela was the one throwing, and he was the one collecting them.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121 121 – Ability?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the next two hours, Nick had to collect three more spears, each one more difficult to get than the last one.

By the end of it, Nick felt like he was about to die.

His arms were nearly unusable, and his back was aching whenever he tried to straighten his posture.

When Nick reached the top of the building again, Manela nodded at him.

"Good work. That should be enough for today," she said.

Nick breathed with difficulty and only nodded without saying anything.

By now, Nick had realized why Manela had made him do these things.

First of all, Nick became familiar with his new training spot.

Second, he was undergoing arduous physical training, which should also improve his strength.

Third, Nick was getting more used to the weight of his spears and learned how to carry them without using up too much of his power.

Fourth, Nick was getting very familiar with his spears.

The way he was handling the spears now was far easier and more skillful than before the exercises.

Even more, Nick had gotten familiar with creating several footholds with his spears and using them to reach terrain that he otherwise couldn't.

Funnily enough, even though Nick's task hadn't been to throw spears, he had needed to throw his spears more than once, and the throws always needed to find different targets.

Sometimes, they needed to pierce a wall below Nick.

Sometimes, they needed to pierce a wall above him.

Sometimes, they needed to pierce the ground far away.

And sometimes, they needed to pierce the ceiling.

Additionally, since a wrong throw would cause huge issues for Nick, every single throw he made was very careful and calculated.

After all, if one of his spears bounced off a wall, they would fall towards the broken grates, which meant that they would fall into the sewers.

If one of the spears fell into the sewers, Nick would have to get it back.

The spears were too valuable to leave like this.

Even more, Manela would probably become quite angry if Nick left one of his spears in such a dirty place.

Nick needed to be extremely careful with his throws, and that had already resulted in him becoming much better at throwing them.

All in all, the training had been quite effective.

"Same time tomorrow," Manela said, "but this time, we will meet here."

"Of course. Thank you," Nick said through difficult pants.

Manela nodded once more and jumped off the building towards the Outer City.

She was extremely silent and made no noise, even though she had probably jumped over 50 meters into the distance.

Even when she landed, she made no sound.

'Is that her ability?' Nick thought.

'My spears already weigh 30 kilos each, and they are made for Mid to Peak Johns. She's a powerful Veteran, which means her spears are even heavier.'

Nick saw seven thin spears on Manela's retreating back.

'She's probably walking around with over 300 kilos of extra weight.'

'Yet, she makes no sound when she moves.'

'It's almost like she's a ghost.'

'Or a Specter.'

Nick looked at Manela until he couldn't see her anymore.

Then, he took a deep breath.

A moment later, his spears suddenly became very easy to carry.

His ability had activated.

Nick easily jumped down the building.

With his stronger body, he would have no issues withstanding such a high fall.

Nick calmly fell.

BOOOOM!

But then, Nick's eyes widened in shock as the ceiling he landed on broke into pieces.

'Fuck!' Nick thought.

Nick landed on the floor below the ceiling, and since the ceiling had slowed Nick's fall, he didn't break the floor as well.

However, half of the roof of the building he landed on was broken.

'How the fuck did she do that?!' Nick thought as he pushed the bent metallic rubble to the side.

'She should weigh three times as much as me, but the building she landed on didn't show any signs of breaking!'

After climbing out of the broken house, Nick jumped from building to building to get back, much more careful not to break them.

For the remainder of the day, Nick ate some food and trained with his melee weapons.

The next day, after working with the Dreamer, Nick grabbed some lunch and moved to the training field again.

It was easy to get there since nobody saw Nick as soon as he reached the rooftops, but when the four-story building came into view, things became difficult.

Nick didn't see Manela, but he could tell that she was there since his ability had deactivated.

Traveling across the rooftops became problematic again.

Eventually, Nick managed to reach the top of the big building, but…

"You're late," Manela complained with narrowed eyes.

"Sorry," Nick said. "I forgot about the difficult path to this place. I'll start earlier tomorrow."

Manela snorted in annoyance. "How could you forget? You should have known how far you needed to travel and what you would carry. Clearly, you knew how long it would take."

Nick took a deep breath. "I would have come ten minutes early with the use of my ability."

Manela frowned. "I don't need to know about your ability," she said. "If you tell me your ability, it would seem like I coerced you into telling me with my superior power, and my motives would be called into question."

"I don't want to know what ability you have," she said.

Nick nodded. "Of course."

Manela also nodded and turned to the training field.

"But you don't seem to mind," Nick added.

"What are you talking about?" she asked.

"Your ability," Nick said. "How else would you be able to remain so silent while jumping so far with so much extra weight?"

"That's not an ability," Manela said.

Nick's brows raised in shock. "It's not?"

"No," Manela confirmed.

"Then, can I learn that?" Nick asked.

"It's on your training plan," Manela said. "It's not a focus, but it's part of your training."

"That as well."

Nick just looked at Manela with confusion.

What as well?

The next moment, Manela just gestured towards Nick's side with her head.

Then, Nick saw one of Manela's spears stuck in the roof of the tall building, just two centimeters away from Nick's left foot!

This spear hadn't been there!

He hadn't heard or felt anything!

How did this spear appear there?!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122 122 – Advantageous Disadvantage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"How did this spear get here?" Nick asked in shock.

"You're going to learn how to do that later," Manela said before she opened her right hand.

Nick was about to shake it again, but he remembered the scene from yesterday.

Instead, he just awkwardly looked at it, not knowing what to do.

"My spear," she said. "Hand it to me."

"Oh, sure!" Nick said quickly as he grabbed the spear.

Then, he pulled it out with all of his power.

Whoop!

And nearly fell over as the spear easily and neatly came out of the roof.

'It's so light! That's probably only five to seven kilos!'

Nick had expected something like fifty to seventy kilos!

Awkwardly, Nick put the spear on Manela's hand, and she took it.

The next moment, the spear shrank in her hand!

The tip was compressed and entered the shaft, making the spear less than ten centimeters long.

The next moment, she slid the spear down her sleeve.

Without Nick asking, Manela unbuttoned the sleeve on her right arm, showing Nick her wrist.

There were six compact spears around her wrist.

Then, she flicked her wrists, and one of the spears flew into her opened hand and expanded back to its big size.

"Not every spear needs to be equally strong," she said.

"The spears on my back are for strong and durable targets, but they are not as silent."

"If you want to focus on throwing spears, you have to buy multiple sets for different purposes."

Manela looked at the spears on Nick's back. "The spears on your back are for single target assassinations and direct heavy battle. They are not made to be used against quick and nimble targets."

Nick nodded with understanding.

"Time to warm up," Manela said as she took all five of Nick's spears.

Shing! Shing! Shing! Shing! Shing!

Within three seconds, all five of Nick's spears landed on different houses in the training area.

"Get them within 20 minutes. If you can't do that, you will try again," she said.

Nick took a deep breath and immediately jumped down the building.

Without his spears, he became quite agile and fast.

However, he quickly found something that surprised him.

Right now, Nick stood in front of a gap that was five meters wide, with a three-story high building on the other side.

Nick was only on a building that was one story high.

Even more, except for the small holes left behind by Nick's spears from yesterday, the wall was rather smooth.

For quite a while, Nick looked with shock at the wall.

This entire time, Nick had viewed the presence of his spears as a drawback due to their heavy weight.

But right now, he couldn't climb that building!

Climbing it with his spears was quite easy since he only needed to create a small ladder, but it became extremely difficult without them.

Traversing the rooftops had become more difficult without his spears!

Nick would have never thought that this would happen.

Nick almost always used this building as a sort of central checkpoint to get to every other building since it was in the middle.

But this time, Nick couldn't climb it.

He needed at least two spears to get on top of the building!

'I can't waste time here!' Nick thought before he changed his route.

Originally, Nick wanted to get the spear that was the furthest away first since every spear added extra weight, but now, he would get that one last.

About ten minutes later, Nick retrieved three spears and reached the top of the tall building.

Five minutes later, he retrieved the last spear.

Now, he only needed to get back.

He reached the starting point…

23 minutes after starting.

So close!

Without saying anything, Manela threw the five spears to the same spots again.

This time, Nick knew what he had to do, and he was faster than last time.

21 minutes.

Once again.

20 minutes and 28 seconds.

And again.

20 minutes and 42 seconds.

Once more.

Over 21 minutes.

Nick breathed heavily.

He had already used up almost all of his power in the previous attempts.

Jumping from building to building with so much weight was extremely exhausting.

Nick knew that he wouldn't be able to finish the task today.

But when he saw Manela's strict gaze, he knew that giving up was the wrong move.

Nick also remembered that he would need to pay for the lesson if Manela felt like Nick was wasting her time.

So, he had to continue trying.

But since Nick couldn't possibly win anyway, he took the time to look at the route again from the top of the building instead of immediately jumping down.

He used this time to optimize his route for tomorrow.

A couple of minutes later, Nick raised an eyebrow as he noticed something.

There was another way to get two of his spears that was way faster than the one he always used, and the reason why he had never found that way was because he was planning his route with his spears in mind.

The original route was to go ten meters towards the center, 20 meters towards the right, get one spear, travel back to the center, go 30 meters towards the left, get the next spear, go back to the center, and climb the big building with the spears.

But with the new route, Nick could run all the way around the battlefield in a circle.

From the south, which was the starting point, Nick could go towards the east, then the north, then the west, grab spear number two, turn around, grab spear number five, grab spear number four, grab spear number one, and then go towards the center to get the last spear.

It would be much faster.

Nick took a deep breath and jumped down the building.

He followed the new route.

And came back after…

23 minutes.

However, Nick had also planned his new route for over five minutes.

After starting once more, Nick managed to get through the exercise in just a bit under 20 minutes.

He had done it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123 123 – Peak
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick reached the top of the building and breathed heavily as he collapsed onto his knees in exhaustion.

He had never been this exhausted before.

"Well done," Manela said. "I thought it would take until the end of the lesson, but we still have about half an hour left."

"Take a break for two minutes," she said.

Nick didn't answer and just continued breathing with difficulty.

When the two minutes were up, Nick had somewhat recovered.

SHING!

And the five spears shot towards the same places again.

"One last time," Manela said. "If you manage to do it in time again, you'll get a surprise."

Nick took a deep breath.

Again?

Nick's bones were already hurting from the constant falls and his muscles constantly pressing on them.

His body was shouting at him that what he was doing was dangerous and that he needed to stop.

This was too much, and it might become dangerous!

However, Nick only took a deep breath.

If it were just himself, he would never do something as risky as this.

But he trusted Manela.

Manela seemed like an honest person, and she also seemed too intelligent to make Nick do something like this without a good reason.

Nick trusted in Manela's character and experience.

So, Nick almost immediately jumped down again.

As soon as he started running, Nick felt himself being slower than before.

His exhaustion had hit him full force.

But he just kept jumping.

CRK!

Nick slipped, and his knee hit the roof of the building he was on.

It hurt quite a bit, and his knee made weird sounds whenever he moved it, but he just gnashed his teeth and continued.

Despite all odds, Nick managed to do the jumps he needed to do.

Eventually, he retrieved all of the spears.

Nick felt like he was about to collapse, but he still managed to accurately throw the spears into the tall building before climbing up and retrieving them again.

Finally, he arrived, and he immediately fell onto the ground, breathing heavily in exhaustion.

He was done.

He was so done.

He didn't care about the time anymore.

He was just done.

"A bit slower than expected," Manela said.

Nick didn't care.

"It took you 18 minutes and 36 seconds."

That took Nick by surprise.

"W-what?" he asked in confusion through heavy pants.

"18 minutes and 36 seconds," Manela repeated. "That's your time."

Nick almost couldn't believe it. "But… how?" he asked.

"Don't act too surprised," Manela said. "That's still quite slow for a Peak Newbie."

"But I'm…"

That was when Nick realized.

"And that's your surprise," Manela said.

"I… broke through?" Nick asked in confusion.

Manela nodded. "You can reach the next level after only accumulating about 80% of the Zephyx necessary. In your case, you seemed to have somewhere between 93% and 96% of the Zephyx you needed to become a Peak Newbie."

"You can view Zephyx as a pile of stones, and you advance a level when the pile grows to a certain height. By simply putting more stones onto it, it will eventually reach that height."

"However, you can also force it to reach that height if you put in a lot of effort to realign the stones."

"Our bodies use up Zephyx as fuel, and a higher level simply means that you produce and use more Zephyx. The stored Zephyx in your body is used as a magnet to attract more Prephyx, and if it manages to attract enough, it will disperse into your body, and the new amount of Prephyx absorbed in a given timeframe remains at the early peak."

"In short, even if you break through with less Zephyx, you will have just as much Zephyx as someone that did break through with all the required Zephyx."

"By forcing yourself to the absolute brink, you managed to absorb enough Prephyx to push yourself over the edge."

"That's how you managed to break through."

Nick listened with rapt attention.

That was possible?!

He could break through earlier?!

"How exactly can I achieve that?" Nick asked.

"Very strong stimulus," Manela answered. "Most commonly, a dire situation."

"If you feel like you're about to die, your survival instinct can give you the push. If you feel like you have to save a loved one with all of your power, you can get that push."

"In your case, it was simply trying very hard to finish the course."

"Of course, something like this can't be compared to something like a life-and-death fight, but you also had more Zephyx."

"80% is what has been observed in experiments where Extractors were put up against Specters in a battle. It might be possible that it can go even lower, but we don't have any specific data for that."

"In short, since you already had something like 95% of the required Zephyx to break through, it wasn't very difficult to force it," Manela explained.

Nick absorbed all the knowledge like a dry sponge.

Right now, reaching a new level didn't require a lot of time, but things wouldn't stay that way.

With this method, he could probably save years in the future!

"Thank you for telling me," Nick said through exhausted pants.

"Everyone knows that," Manela answered. "It's nothing special."

Nick didn't answer.

"Anyway, we are done for today," Manela said. "You are too exhausted to do anything but lay on the ground, and if you attempted to throw your spears in this condition, you might throw one of them into the sewers."

"I will note the remaining ten or so minutes down and will add them some other day."

"For now, we're done. See you tomorrow."

Nick slowly forced himself to sit up. "Th-Thanks," he said in exhaustion.

Manela just nodded and silently jumped away.

Nick collapsed onto his back again and just looked at the sun.

Looking at the sun wasn't painful since its beams weren't that bright.

For the next 20 minutes, Nick just lay on top of the building.

And then, he went home.

Luckily, his ability was active again, making it easy to get home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124 124 – Ghost Wire
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Nick came home, his muscles ached all over.

It had never been this bad before.

Nevertheless, Nick forced himself to get some food before falling into bed.

This time, he slept over nine hours, which was quite a lot for him, and as soon as he woke up, Nick's body had already completely recovered.

Nick still remembered that his body had been sore for several days before he had become an official Zephyx Extractor.

If things were still like back then, Nick's muscles would have ached for up to a week, based on the pain he had been feeling.

And yet, it had only taken a couple of hours for them to recover.

Although, it might not be that surprising.

Specters could recover from fatal injuries within just a couple of days, and Extractors became more powerful by using the same kind of powers as the Specters, which was the Zephyx.

In a way, it was to be expected that the recovery rate of a Zephyx Extractor also increased.

Maybe, at some point, it was even possible to recover lost limbs without having to resort to Restoration Liquid?

After finishing his work, Nick walked towards the training area again.

This time, it was much easier since Nick had already created a pathway to get to his goal. Additionally, he had become a Peak Newbie.

In the end, he arrived ten minutes before the training was supposed to start.

Surprisingly, Manela was also already here.

"Since we ended early yesterday, we are going to start early today," she said.

Nick nodded.

Without saying anything else, Manela grabbed Nick's five spears and threw them toward the same location as yesterday.

"Less than 20 minutes, go."

Nick nodded and immediately started.

Since he was fully recovered, he was much faster than yesterday, and he completed everything in barely 15 minutes.

Nick's breathing had already quickened, but he wasn't close to being exhausted.

Sure enough, this just counted as a warmup.

"Today, we are focusing on this," Manela said as she held an empty hand in front of her.

Nick just looked in confusion at her empty hand.

"On what?" he asked.

Manela swung her hand around a bit, and Nick felt like something had suddenly hit his cheek.

However, the thing that had hit him was extremely light.

That was when Nick remembered that he had seen an almost invisible wire when Manela had thrown one of her spears the first time he had seen her.

After focusing on her hand, Nick could actually see a tiny wire.

"Take it," she said as she put the wire in Nick's right hand. "Look at it."

For a while, Nick just inspected the wire.

It was extremely light.

It was so light that he almost couldn't feel its weight.

Yet, it was extremely durable.

Nick didn't use all of his power, but he used quite a lot, and the thin wire didn't seem to get damaged in any way.

Even more, the tiny wire was actually beginning to cut into Nick's hand!

It was so bizarre that something this insanely thin could be that durable!

"It's called a Ghost Wire, and it's used for many different things," Manela said after a while.

"No normal material can be that durable while being that thin, which makes the origin of this wire obvious," she added.

Nick nodded. "It comes from a Specter."

Manela nodded back. "The Fear Queen is a normal-sized black widow that likes to put as much fear as possible into her victims. She usually restricts them with her silk and injects them with many different poisons that can cause extreme fear and extreme euphoria."

"This wire is a couple of her strings of silk rolled up into a single form. As an Adult Specter, the Fear Queen is very powerful, and her silk is just as powerful."

"You can keep that one and these four," Manela said as she took out another four stacks of wire.

Nick looked at them with surprise. "That sounds expensive," he said.

"Your boss paid for them. They are officially yours," Manela said.

Nick didn't feel comfortable with Wyntor giving him even more stuff.

He felt like Wyntor was giving him way more than he was giving back, which made him feel a bit guilty.

Nick almost felt like he was taking advantage of Wyntor.

But in the end, Nick could only sigh. "Thanks."

For the next three hours, Manela taught Nick about the Ghost Wire and how to use it.

There were many different things that Nick could do with such a durable wire.

For example, he could hang it between two buildings at neck height, and nobody would notice it before they ran straight into it.

However, the most important thing for Nick was the Ghost Wire's ability to act as a retrieval tool for his spears.

He hadn't noticed it before, but there was a very thin hole at the side of his throwing spears.

This hole was specifically made for Ghost Wires.

By putting the Ghost Wire through it, Nick had essentially created a long and invisible leash for his spear.

Each Ghost Wire was around 100 meters long, which meant that Nick could essentially retrieve his spears as long as he didn't throw them further.

If he wanted to throw them further, he would just have to let go of the Ghost Wire and retrieve the spear the traditional way.

For today, Nick kept dropping his spears from the house and retrieving them with the wire.

It was surprisingly difficult to make the spears shoot back at him without hitting anything on their way back.

But eventually, Nick managed to retrieve them consistently without any issues.

When it was almost time to end training for the day, Manela told Nick to retrieve his five spears once more.

Naturally, she detached the Ghost Wires before telling him to do that.

After Nick got the first spear back, he quickly attached the Ghost Wire, which didn't even take ten seconds, and after that, everything seemed to change.

He no longer needed to consider how to retrieve a spear after throwing it since he could just retrieve it with the Ghost Wire.

That made everything so much easier, and Nick's movements became far more fluent.

In the end, he barely needed nine minutes to complete the course.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 125 125 – Throws
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A day passed, and the last day of throwing spear training was taking place.

This was already Nick's fourth day of training with throwing spears, and today, he would focus on actually throwing spears.

But the best thing was that Nick didn't fear messing up his throws anymore.

He could travel everywhere with his spears, and if he threw it somewhere he didn't want, he could just tug on the Ghost Wire to get it back.

The first thing he had to do was to run to the five spots again, but this time, Manela didn't throw his spears away.

She just wanted Nick to get to the five spots while carrying all of his spears.

That made things different, but Nick still managed to complete the task in about ten minutes.

And then, it was time for the actual training.

"There are many ways to throw a spear," Manela said as she took out one of her own spears.

After that, she lifted it with one hand and took a couple of steps forward.

She pulled the spear back and took a couple of steps forward before throwing it.

BOOOM!

The roof of the building the two were standing on shook as Manela threw the spear.

Nick just watched in awe as the spear seemed to shoot into the horizon!

One second, it had been there, and the next, it seemed to have traveled into the sun.

Of course, the spear didn't actually reach the sun.

"Watch," Manela said as she lifted her hand.

Then, she pulled back.

BANG!

And Manela suddenly also flew into the horizon!

Nick's eyes widened in shock.

Manela didn't fly as fast or as far as her spear, but she still flew for probably over 200 meters.

In the distance, Nick could see Manela catching her spear again, and that was when he realized what had just happened.

Manela had gathered an incredible amount of power and threw her spear with all of it.

Then, she tugged on her extremely long Ghost Wire.

With her power, she managed to completely stop the force of her throw and even put in so much that the spear started to shoot back at her.

Of course, the force of the throw had to go somewhere, which was why Manela's body had suddenly shot into the distance.

In the end, her spear returned to her, and she simply landed on a roof.

Surprisingly, the roof didn't collapse.

A couple of seconds later, Manela returned to the roof of the tall building.

"That was a Full Throw," she explained. "As the name suggests, a Full Throw is a throw that uses all of your power."

"The tricky part is to deal with the force when you have a Ghost Wire attached. Without it, it's just a normal throw, but with it, things get tricky."

"Imagine you attack someone with a Full Throw who is only 30 meters away, and they sidestep it. If there's no building within the next 70 meters and if your throw was strong enough, your Ghost Wire will pull you forward, right into your enemy's arms."

"But as you have seen, that can also be used to traverse great distances. I can jump high and far, but not that high and far."

"Of course, if I had actually wanted to go as far as possible, I would have jumped forward after throwing my spear."

"When facing an enemy, you will rarely be able to make a Full Throw. The preparation is long, and the enemy will most likely hear your loud steps. You can only use it when you are very far away from the enemy or when one of your allies is distracting the enemy."

Nick nodded.

"Next," Manela said as she lifted her spear again.

Then, she performed the same throwing motion but without taking steps.

The spear didn't fly as fast as before, and Manela was only pulled forward by about 20 meters when she tugged on the Ghost Wire.

Naturally, the power of this throw couldn't possibly compare to the one before that.

"This is a Stand Throw," Manela said after jumping back to the building. "This is most commonly used when your enemy doesn't see you, and you're not far away. In your case, that would mean about 30 to 70 meters, assuming you had an appropriate level of power for your spears."

"The throw is very silent, but it still needs some preparation. After all, you have to assume a throwing stance while also pulling your arm all the way back."

Nick nodded.

There wasn't much to say about the Stand Throw.

Ding!

Suddenly, Manela's body shook a bit, and Nick saw a spear shoot at Manela from a distance.

Manela easily caught the spear and showed it to Nick.

"That was a Hidden Throw," she said. "This one is not relevant to you yet, but I still want to show it to you."

The next moment, Manela slowly showed what she had just done.

She stood in front of Nick with her arms crossed, and she slowly angled one of her wrists backward.

Nick saw one of the small spears in her sleeve come out, stopping at the tips of Manela's fingers.

Manela pulled her wrist backward more, pulling the small spear with it.

An instant later, one end of the small spear pointed at Nick.

And then, she just moved her wrist rapidly forward.

Bang.

The quiet sound of something solid hitting something solid rang through the air, and Nick saw the center of the spear rapidly coming closer.

One had to remember that the tip of the small spear had been pulled into the shaft, but now, the tip was rapidly extending.

An instant later, a long spear shot past Nick's head before getting pulled back again.

"Now, I'm doing it with real speed again," Manela said.

BANG!

Nick didn't even see Manela's wrist move before her spear shot past him again!

"The throw is not very strong, but still strong enough to kill someone on my level if they don't have their Barrier active," Manela explained.

"Since you don't have Hidden Spears, you can't properly use the Hidden Throw."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 126 126 – Mask
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"There's one last throw," Manela said as she took out one of her bigger spears again.

The next moment, she lowered her arm and threw the spear from her hip.

The power seemed to be nearly as strong as the Stand Throw.

"This throw is interchangeable with the Stand Throw and is called the Hip Throw. Both of them have their advantages and disadvantages."

"The Hip Throw is just as strong as the Stand Throw but is even faster. Even more, if you are in the air, for some reason, the Hip Throw is also much better than the Stand Throw. Additionally, you don't need to assume as obvious of a stance as with the Stand Throw."

"The problem is that aiming is much harder, and you also can't control the power as well. If you have space and time, performing the Stand Throw is always preferable, but if you don't, you are almost forced to perform the Hip Throw."

"The Hip Throw is mainly used if you are actively battling someone that is charging towards you."

"Someone that wants to get into your melee range is going to zig-zag and approach you rapidly while you are trying to retreat. In that case, you have to use the Hip Throw since the Stand Throw is just too obvious."

"Although, since you are also training in fist weapons, you might not even use the Hip Throw that much."

Nick nodded. "Probably not."

"For now," Manela continued. "I am going to teach you the Full Throw. Going through the most extravagant throw first will make it easier to learn the other ones later."

For the next couple of minutes, Manela taught Nick how to perform the Full Throw, which wasn't very difficult.

After all, it was just throwing an object.

Every human has thrown objects before.

Nick kept practicing the Full Throw for the next three hours, but compared to Manela, Nick didn't take off.

One had to remember that Nick's spears were designed to be thrown with much more power.

With Manela watching, Nick couldn't throw the spear properly.

With a Full Throw, Nick could barely throw his spear for about ten to twenty meters.

It was just way too heavy.

Eventually, Manela left, and Nick could actually try the Full Throw.

Since he wasn't that exhausted today, Nick decided to continue throwing spears with his ability.

Nick took a couple of steps back, lifted his spear, and performed a Full Throw.

BOOOOM!

The roof below Nick shuddered as he threw his spear into the distance!

Nick watched with satisfaction as his spear traveled further and further.

DING!

Suddenly, the Ghost Wire on Nick's right wrist became taut, and Nick felt himself get pulled forward.

The force was enough to pull Nick over the edge of the building, and he was just about to fall towards the sewers.

However, even though Nick had been surprised, his training with the Ghost Wire kicked in, and he pulled on it even more.

Nick was pulled away from the big building and landed on a smaller building further away just as his spear reached him again.

'Huh,' Nick thought. 'That went way better than I anticipated.'

After retrieving his spears so many times and after running across the entire training ground so many times, Nick had become extremely familiar with his environment and his spear.

The way Nick had simply pulled himself forward to land on a small building while easily catching the spear looked almost beautiful.

Nick had barely learned how to throw a spear properly, but he already looked like someone who had been using spears for years.

This made Nick realize one thing.

'Manela is an amazing teacher,' he thought in surprise and awe.

When he first appeared in this training ground, he felt unsure due to the weight of his spears and the destroyed grates and buildings everywhere.

The thought of throwing his spears in such a place had made Nick anxious and nervous before.

But now, it was easy.

The broken ground might as well not exist since Nick knew exactly what below him at any given moment was, and he could easily move across the air without losing his spears.

In just four days, Nick had become very confident in using his spears.

Eventually, Nick returned to the tall building and continued practicing Full Throws with his ability active.

Sadly, he had to stop after just half an hour.

The three hours of throwing had already exhausted his arm.

However, Nick still didn't leave.

'I think I can eat later. This training ground is too good, and I haven't properly exercised the rest of my body today.'

So, Nick decided to run and jump across the rooftops while carrying all of his spears.

With his ability active, this task was no longer a problem.

If Nick were to do his warmup routine again, he wouldn't even need a minute, which was why Nick wasn't doing that.

Instead, he threw his spears around in the air, pulling him from one side to the other.

Nick wanted to get familiar with how to move in the air.

Humans generally weren't good at moving in the air, but with the throwing spears, Nick had somewhat overcome this weakness.

After a bit more than an hour, Nick became exhausted and returned home.

'I'm excited for more training in four days,' Nick thought while eating.

'But first, I'm going to learn about fist weapons tomorrow.'

'I can actually see myself becoming stronger!'

'My goal is actually not impossible to achieve!'

However, when Nick had that thought, his good mood vanished.

For the past four days, Nick had managed to put on a mask that had even fooled himself.

It was a mask that said that nothing was wrong.

But now that Nick had remembered his true face, the mask had become visible again.

In the end, Nick could only take a deep breath.

'I can't get lost in this excitement.'

'All of this is only a means to an end.'

'And I can't forget that.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 127 127 – Julian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The next day, after he had finished his work and got something to eat, Nick returned to Dark Dream.

He was about to meet his other teacher, the one who was supposed to teach Nick about his fist weapons.

When Nick came back to Dark Dream, he saw a new person waiting for him in front of Wyntor's office.

Naturally, Wyntor was also present, and the two of them were talking.

Nick assumed that this was his new teacher, but he wouldn't have guessed that based on the person's appearance.

The person was a very young man. At least, that was how he looked like.

He was about 170 centimeters tall, and he had this extremely bright and innocent smile.

Even more, his stature seemed very thin and agile. It was almost like the person was a sprinter or runner.

His hair was a calm blue, and he seemed like a very relaxed person.

But compared to Manela, this person wore the uniform of an Expert from Kugelblitz, which meant he was much more powerful than Manela.

A level four Zephyx Extractor!

Someone on the same level as Albert!

Yet, he seemed so very different from Manela.

It was almost like their genders were reversed.

Manela was big, powerful, and dominant.

This guy was small, refined, and gentle.

After looking for a bit, Nick walked over.

The man slowly turned to look at Nick with his bright blue eyes and gently waved with a heartfelt smile.

"There you are, Nick," Wyntor said with a slightly excited voice.

Nick could tell that Wyntor really enjoyed talking to this guy based on his tone.

"Julian, this is your new student, my Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick," Wyntor said, looking at the man and gesturing to Nick.

Julian smiled and offered his hand. "Nice to meet you, Nick. I'm Julian, and I'm going to be your trainer for fist weapons."

Nick looked at the hand for a bit and decided to shake it.

After meeting Manela for the first time, Nick had become a bit unsure whether or not he was supposed to shake the hand.

As soon as Nick touched Julian's hand, his eyes widened.

'So hard and rough!' Nick thought in shock.

It was like Nick had touched the hand of a humongous metallic titan that had been compressed into a tiny shape.

There was so much explosive power in the hand.

Nevertheless, the handshake was gentle, and Nick didn't feel any pain.

After Nick had felt Julian's hand, he actually looked at it.

It was like the hand didn't belong to the man in front of him!

While Julian seemed like a gentle and peaceful small boy, his hand was rough and filled with aggressive and powerful veins that expanded and shrunk in sync with Julian's heartbeat.

Naturally, Julian noticed Nick's reaction, but he only chuckled a bit and slowly pulled his hand back. "I get that reaction all the time," he said with a soft voice. "I take it as a compliment."

"Sorry," Nick said. "I didn't expect such a strong hand."

"Harmony and discord are two sides of the same coin," Julian said.

"Harmony requires gentleness, and discord requires power."

"You can only live in harmony when people don't want discord with you, but when people want harmony, you must be gentle. Otherwise, there is no harmony but only fear."

"Learning this principle will help you with your position," Julian said with a smile.

Nick listened intently and thought about Julian's words.

Nick took these words seriously since they came from an actual Expert.

Experts were the elite of Kugelblitz, and every one of them had incredible power.

'He's probably also far older than he looks,' Nick thought. 'Becoming an Expert would take me many years. Maybe even decades.'

'He most likely knows what he is talking about.'

"Thank you. I will remember that," Nick said.

Julian just nodded and turned to Wyntor. "Do you have a place where we can train?"

"There's a gym about 500 meters from here, but I don't think it is durable enough to withstand you," Wyntor said.

Julian laughed. "That's fine. I can keep myself in check."

Wyntor also laughed and told Julian where he could find the gym.

After a bit more talking, Julian and Nick walked out of Dark Dream to go to the gym.

Nick subconsciously assumed a position behind Julian.

Julian just had this irresistible Aura of reliability, power, and trust.

He subconsciously made people want to follow him.

Julian didn't look at Nick, who was following behind him, and only shook his head a bit with a helpless smile.

"Can I ask you something?" Nick asked after some hesitation.

"Sure," Julian said, turning to Nick with a smile.

"You're an Expert, right?"

Julian nodded wordlessly.

"Don't take this the wrong way, but why is someone as powerful as you teaching a Newbie like me?" Nick asked. "I don't think Wyntor has the funds to hire someone like you."

Julian laughed a bit. "Of course he does."

Nick raised his eyebrows in surprise.

"After all, my services are not very expensive."

"In fact, I'm not getting paid at all."

This surprised Nick even more.

"But then, why?" he asked.

"I'll tell you when we are there," Julian said with a playful smirk.

Nick was still confused, but he followed after Julian.

After some minutes, the two reached the gym and entered.

The gym was a huge hall that was nearly a hundred meters long.

Gyms like these catered to normal people and Zephyx Extractors.

After all, where was a Zephyx Extractor supposed to find a place to exercise?

If a Veteran accidentally kicked a wall, the wall would break into pieces and fly away.

Of course, since this gym was in the Outer City and not the Inner City, it only catered to normal people and Newbies.

As soon as the two of them entered, the trainer at the counter looked at Julian like he was a Specter.

The trainer immediately told Julian that he was so sorry, but he couldn't offer a training room for someone this powerful.

Julian just assured him that he wasn't the one training and that he wouldn't damage anything.

Eventually, the trainer relented and gave the two of them a room for free.

He was using the opportunity to get some publicity.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 128 128 – A Wager
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two of them entered the room and closed the door.

This was the biggest room the gym had to offer, and it was over ten meters wide and long, with many different small pieces of equipment in a couple of closets at the side.

Julian walked around and tested the ground a bit. "If you're careful, you can probably use almost all of your power."

The ground and walls were made of extremely dense and cold metal.

In fact, the wall felt almost identical to the wall of the first Containment Unit Dark Dream had bought.

Nick nodded. "Sounds good."

Julian turned away from Nick and smiled.

He remained silent for a while.

Nick raised an eyebrow in uncertainty.

"I'm not here because of Wyntor," Julian said.

"You're not?" Nick asked in surprise.

Julian shook his head while facing away from Nick.

The next moment, Nick's ability activated.

It seemed like Julian could no longer perceive Nick.

Two seconds later, Nick's ability deactivated again.

Julian hadn't moved.

A second later, Nick's ability reactivated.

And deactivated.

And reactivated.

And finally, deactivated again.

Julian just chuckled a bit and shook his head in helplessness.

"Wow," he said. "It's really impossible to perceive. No matter what I do, I can't see any sign of it."

Nick's eyes widened, and his heart rate shot up as he realized what these words meant.

"You know?" Nick asked in shock and nervousness.

"I'm here because of Albert," Julian said as he turned to face Nick with a smile.

"Albert and I are close friends, and he told me about you."

"Yes, that includes your ability as well."

Nick became nervous.

An Extractor's ability was their deepest secret.

After all, if an enemy knew about the Extractor's ability, they could counter it, and Nick's ability was especially weak to counters.

Of course, Nick also felt betrayed by Albert.

How could Albert tell someone else about Nick's ability?

"Don't worry," Julian said with a chuckle. "While I am employed by Kugelblitz, I don't belong to them. I am not allowed to tell you the specifics, but I won't tell your secret to anyone, even if you were to somehow threaten Kugelblitz."

Of course, Nick didn't completely believe Julian, but there was nothing he could do.

Julian knew Nick's secret, and that was that.

"So, you're here because of my ability?" Nick asked.

"Partially," Julian answered. "I'm also here because of your personality."

Nick raised an eyebrow.

"Albert described you as very idealistic and altruistic. While there are many people that are idealistic, people from the Dregs don't tend to be."

"The darkest facets of humanity are proudly on display for all the people in the Dregs to see while the good facets hide far away."

"A brutal and lawless arena breeds cynical people and idealistic corpses."

"Idealistic survivors are rare. Especially when they have essentially grown up without any parents in such a place."

Nick had an expression of uncertainty on his face.

He agreed with Julian, or he would have, at least.

Sadly, things were a bit different.

This entire thing with Pator and Horua made Nick feel like all the happiness and magic of the world had vanished.

"You don't agree?" Julian asked, looking at Nick.

Nick sighed. "I used to be like that, but not anymore."

"How come?" Julian asked.

"Some things happened," Nick said.

Silence.

"I presume you don't want to talk about it?"

Nick looked to the side with uncertainty.

"It would take too long. Also, we are supposed to train, right?" Nick said.

"Getting to know you is important to me, Nick," Julian said. "If you are fine with it, I am willing to listen."

Nick took a deep breath.

He wanted to tell someone about his troubles, and Julian seemed very trustworthy.

Somehow, Nick felt like Julian was a person worth trusting.

"Okay," Nick said.

Then, Nick told Julian about Horua and Pator and how all of this had impacted and changed him.

"So, you are idealistic but no longer na?ve," Julian said.

Nick furrowed his brows. "I'm not sure anymore."

"You want to improve the lives of others, right?" Julian said. "You want to help all the people of the Dregs, even though they have never done anything for you."

"I don't think many people would want to do something as selfless as this."

Nick looked with uncertainty to the side. "I don't know," he said.

By now, Nick felt deflated again.

The hole in his chest had returned.

He might distract himself every day, but in the end, that was what life was for him.

A distraction.

In the end, the suffering and guilt still consumed his insides, and feeling better on the outside didn't help.

"How old are you?" Julian asked.

"16," Nick answered.

"Still quite young," Julian said. "How strong is your conviction? How much do you want to help others?"

Nick looked at Julian calmly. "It's the only reason why I'm still alive."

Julian looked at Nick with interest. "What if you change?"

"What do you mean?" Nick asked.

"What if you get a lover, a high status, a child, or something similar?"

"If all your life's wishes have been handed to you, will you still continue holding onto this altruistic dream of yours?"

"When people betray you again and again, will you still try to improve the lives of humanity?"

Nick didn't answer immediately as he thought about his answer.

"Yes," Nick said. "I owe as much to Horua. He would have wanted me to help others."

"And your feeling of duty is so strong that it will even hold firm decades in the future?" Julian asked.

Nick nodded. "Yes."

At that moment, Julian turned away from Nick, and a grin appeared on his face.

"Care to bet on it?" Julian asked.

Nick looked with surprise and confusion at Julian, who was looking away from Nick at that moment.

"A bet?"

"Yes, a bet," Julian said.

Nick furrowed his brows as he wasn't quite sure where that had come from.

Meanwhile, something horrific was happening.

Julian's eyes vanished, and several smirking mouths filled his face.

"A wager, if you will," the mouths spoke in unison, creating a layered voice that rippled through the room.

Nick's eyes became unfocused.

"A wager?" Nick repeated with a distant and confused voice.

"Yes," the many mouths answered.

"Of course, a wager is boring without any stakes."

"Are you interested?"

Nick's blank eyes looked at the back of Julian's head.

"Sure, why not?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 129 129 – He’s a Great Guy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I had a lot of fun today! Sorry for taking up your time," Julian said with a friendly smile.

"No problem, you helped me a lot!" Nick said with a grin.

After Nick had told Julian about his issues, Julian talked with Nick for a couple of hours about what to do.

Julian told Nick that he was trying to atone for something that couldn't be atoned for.

Nick was still young, and he hadn't been ready for such a big responsibility.

Julian said that Nick had to live his own life and that Horua's fate was because Wyntor hadn't properly informed Nick about everything.

After all, if Wyntor had told Nick about what would happen if Horua refused to become an Extractor after seeing the Dreamer, Nick wouldn't have made Horua sign the contract, right?

Therefore, Nick wasn't the one at fault.

It was Wyntor.

So, why was Nick trying to atone for something that wasn't his fault?

Additionally, Nick had always only lived for himself since the people of the Dregs always shunned him.

Julian said that it seemed like Nick was just trying to help all these people because he wanted to belong to a community.

Nick was desperately trying to be a part of a community, which was why he was willing to sacrifice everything he had to help people who only despised him.

The things that Julian said made a lot of sense, but Nick just couldn't accept them emotionally.

Sure, maybe he was actually trying to help people who didn't deserve it, but his emotions were telling him that a human should help other humans.

The instinct to help others was inherent to every human.

So, wasn't helping others just being human?

Was it wrong to be human?

Julian told Nick that he was free to do whatever he wanted but that he should always consider all sides.

After such a long talk, Julian had also confessed something to Nick.

He wasn't actually Nick's trainer.

He was someone higher up in Kugelblitz who simply wanted to meet Nick and talk to him.

The actual trainer would come tomorrow.

However, Nick wasn't angry at Julian.

After all, Nick felt a bit better after talking to Julian.

Maybe Julian was right about some things.

For example, Julian had also said that Nick's imagination of what Horua wanted sounded too idealistic.

Would a boy truly want to save the place that would have thrown him out of his house as a last wish?

It sounded more realistic that the boy would want these people to pay for all the things they had done.

Nick didn't like that thought, but it actually sounded possible.

Of course, they had talked about more things, but for some reason, a huge part of his talk with Julian had become blurry.

'We have talked about so many different things that I can't even tell how much we have talked about and for how long. I feel like I already forgot half of what we talked about,' Nick thought as he rubbed his head.

After a minute, Nick managed to focus again, and he looked up.

Julian was gone.

'He probably already went home,' Nick thought as he walked out of the gym.

As Nick walked down the streets, he just kept rubbing his head.

It was like all his memories and thoughts were jumbled up.

In the end, he decided to ignore it and got some food.

During his sleep, Nick dreamt of many gigantic mouths surrounding him and talking to him.

The voices were so loud and droning, and he felt like what they were saying was something that he couldn't possibly do.

He tried to run from the mouths, but new ones just kept appearing around him.

For an eternity, Nick just kept running.

While he was running, Nick became angrier and angrier.

It was like all the people around Nick were telling him that they hated him and that they wanted him to die.

The mouths hurt Nick.

They represented all the people of the Dregs who had ridiculed him when he was younger.

Eventually, Nick woke up and went to work.

"Hey, Nick. How was training?" Wyntor asked from his office.

"He didn't tell you?" Nick asked.

"No?" Wyntor answered in confusion.

"Julian isn't my trainer," Nick said. "He acted like he was my trainer so that he could talk to me alone."

"Oh, that's understandable," Wyntor said with a dismissive wave. "Julian is a busy man, but he's very trustworthy."

"I know," Nick said. "By the way, where did you meet Julian?"

"I don't know," Wyntor said casually. "Maybe he led me around Kugelblitz or something like that."

"Oh, that could be it," Nick said, accepting the answer. "Who is my actual teacher, by the way?"

"It's someone called Reynold," Wyntor answered. "He was supposed to come yesterday, but Julian said that he had told Reynold that he would do your training."

"But since he won't do it now, I should probably call Reynold again. I'll get back to him and tell him that he's your teacher again."

Nick nodded. "Great. By the way, do you know how I can reach Julian?"

"No idea," Wyntor said.

"You don't know where he lives?"

"No."

"Can't you just contact him via Kugelblitz?"

"Julian doesn't work for Kugelblitz," Wyntor said.

"Oh," Nick said. "So, I can't reach him?"

"I don't know where he is," Wyntor said, "but when we need him, I'm sure he will pop up."

"Probably," Nick said with a nod. "Anyway, I'm going to work now."

"Good luck," Wyntor said, returning to writing on a piece of paper.

Nick entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit, and two minutes later, he was asleep.

As soon as Nick started to dream, all the mouths returned, and they kept telling Nick that he should kill everyone.

But just a couple of moments later, all the mouths vanished, and two dead eyes from an owl appeared in the sky of Nick's dream world.

For just a moment, the dead eyes focused on the vanishing mouths.

And then, Nick was transported into a torture room where he was forced to torture Horua.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 130 130 – Reynold
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Eventually, Nick was woken up by Jenny, and he left the Containment Unit.

When he checked the produced Zephyx, Nick realized that the amount had dropped just a bit.

'If my suffering in the nightmare is what produces Zephyx, it means that I have not suffered as much.'

'I'm sure that the Dreamer is still trying its best to squeeze as much suffering as it can out of me, but the drop in Zephyx means that it just can't make me suffer as much anymore.'

Nick released a sigh of relief and let out a tiny smile.

'Thank you, Julian. You really helped me.'

But then, Nick shook his head and took a deep breath.

'That doesn't change anything,' Nick thought. 'What's the point of feeling good? I'm not a slave to my emotions, and I have an actual goal that I want to achieve.'

'Suffering.'

'Happiness.'

'Both are irrelevant.'

Then, Nick nodded with conviction and dealt with the Zephyx that was produced.

Wyntor said that Reynold had agreed again to train Nick, and he would be here in an hour.

Nick got some food and grabbed his weapons.

He left his spears at home, which made him feel a bit naked, but he still wasn't strong enough to wear all of his weapons at once.

At least not as long as his ability wasn't active.

With his ability active, carrying all his spears and fist weapons would be like a normal adult carrying about eight to ten kilos on their person.

It wasn't nice, but it was definitely manageable.

About ten minutes to three p.m., Nick walked into Dark Dream, and he quickly noticed his new trainer.

Nick already knew that he was called Reynold since Wyntor had mentioned his name.

Reynold was a little bit smaller than Manela, but he seemed double as wide.

While Manela was thin and tall, Reynold was filled with explosive muscle.

However, even though Reynold was quite wide, Nick could easily tell that there was no unnecessary fat on his person.

Just like Manela, Reynold wore the uniform of a Veteran of Kugelblitz.

In a way, that relieved Nick.

Julian had seemed just too powerful for a trainer, and Nick had felt like he was wasting Julian's time.

As Reynold talked to Wyntor, his boisterous, casual, and friendly voice echoed throughout Dark Dream.

His voice was very deep, and he laughed a lot.

"Well, we'll see about that!" Reynold said to Wyntor with a boisterous laugh.

Nick could hear Reynold from over five meters away.

"Oh, Nick, my boy!" Reynold shouted with an excited smile. "You came at just the right time. I was just making a bet with Wyntor about when you will crack under my tough training!"

Wyntor was smiling, but Nick could tell that he was a bit uncomfortable with the loud and dominant presence of Reynold.

"A bet?" Nick repeated as his eyes glazed over.

'A bet?'

'A wager?'

Nick felt like he had forgotten something important, but he quickly shook his head to regain his bearings.

Getting distracted in front of his new teacher wouldn't leave a good impression.

"Oh?" Nick said as he approached Reynold. "What do you two think?"

"I have full trust in you," Wyntor said.

Nick smiled a little.

"Ahahaha! Good! Good!" Reynold shouted as he loudly clapped in his hands a couple of times. "True companionship and trust. I love it!"

"But we can't just ignore the facts," Reynold added with a smirk as he bumped Nick's shoulder with his fist.

Nick didn't rub his shoulder, but he was in quite a bit of pain.

However, he could tell that Reynold genuinely didn't mean it.

He was just careless and was living in the moment.

"I'll say you won't get to the tenth day," Reynold said with a smirk. "Sorry, Nick, my boy, but that's just genuinely what I think. You're just 16, and you still need to experience a couple of setbacks to truly attain the grit to put your everything into your goal."

Nick raised an eyebrow.

In a way, he was a bit insulted by Reynold's words, but he could also tell that Reynold wasn't trying to put Nick down.

He was just very confident.

"So, you agree? Ten days of training?" Wyntor asked.

Reynold looked at Wyntor with a smirk. "Aren't you greedy? Yes, I agree!"

The next moment, Reynold and Wyntor shook hands.

"You're about to lose a lot of money and dignity, Little Wyntor," Reynold shouted happily with a laugh.

However, there was also a smirk on Wyntor's face.

"Nick," he said, making Nick look at him, "could you please tell your new teacher about your other teacher?"

At that moment, Reynold became quiet and looked at Wyntor with a serious and evaluating gaze.

Nick was taken aback by how quickly Reynold's demeanor had changed.

Just now, he had seemed like someone who went out to party all the time with the boys, but now, he felt like a serious and reliable warrior.

'Sure enough, Extractors that can get into Kugelblitz are outstanding,' Nick thought before answering.

"Manela," Nick said, looking at Reynold.

Reynold blinked a couple of times.

"Which one?" he asked with a slightly nervous voice.

"What do you mean, which one?" Wyntor said with a confident chuckle. "There's only one Manela."

Reynold took a deep breath as he looked at Nick differently.

"And you managed to get through four days of training under Manela?" he asked.

Nick nodded. "Her training is amazing. I would have never thought I would learn so much in just four days."

Reynold grabbed his hair with two of his hands and looked up in a melodramatic pose of tragedy.

"And yet again, I fell victim to my own confidence," he said before taking a deep breath.

Then, he loudly laughed again. "Well done! Well done! You managed to pull one over me, Little Wyntor," Reynold said to him. "Seems like you will get some free training out of me."

Wyntor just smiled. "Thank you."

Reynold chuckled a bit and shook his head.

"I was sure that the other teacher would be William. To think that you managed to convince Manela."

Then, Reynold sighed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 131 131 – Whirlwind
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After exchanging a couple more words, Reynold and Nick left Dark Dream.

"Hey Nick, you know of any good places to fight?" Reynold asked.

"There's a gym nearby," Nick said.

"Eh, that's not good," Reynold said. "If I accidentally punch too hard, I'll have to pay for their room. You know of a different place? Doesn't even have to be very sturdy. Just big."

Nick furrowed his brows.

"I don't know of such a place," Nick said. "There are a couple of abandoned places in the Dregs, but they are filled with houses or rubble. There's nothing like a wide arena."

"Abandoned places?" Reynold repeated with a smirk. "Can you show me one?"

"Sure," Nick said.

Then, Reynold started to laugh loudly, but he didn't tell Nick why he was laughing.

After a bit of walking, Nick jumped on top of one of the buildings at the edge of the Dregs and showed the empty houses to Reynold.

"This place has nearly no one since no one from the Outer City wants to live here, and nobody from the Dregs dares to live here. That means almost all of these houses were permanently empty. I'm not even sure who built them," Nick said.

Reynold grinned as he looked at the houses.

"Oh, this is going to be fun!" he said before jumping off the building.

The ground quaked when Reynold jumped, and the house beneath him almost broke into pieces.

That was very different from when Manela jumped.

Nick looked with surprise as Reynold jumped over 100 meters into the distance without a running start.

Boom.

Nick's eyes widened as he saw a cloud of dust explode when Reynold landed.

Even more, the house he landed on had turned into nothing but rubble.

It was almost like a meteor had fallen on one of the houses.

Then, Nick saw Reynold jump out of the destroyed house.

He flew almost 50 meters into the air before he landed on the neighboring house.

BOOOM!

The house exploded, and the metallic rubble shot in all directions.

BOOM BOOM BOOM!

Then, Nick saw one piece of rubble flying away after the other as Reynold unleashed punches and kicks at crazy speeds!

It was almost like Reynold had transformed into a whirlwind of violence!

In fewer than 30 seconds, Reynold had actually cleared the entire area he landed in of rubble.

He had destroyed a house and cleaned it up in no time at all!

Of course, the rubble wasn't truly "cleaned up".

After all, the rubble was now stuck in all the surrounding houses.

Nick could only take a deep breath.

He had often envisioned the powers of a Veteran, but the only demonstration he had ever seen had been by Manela when she had thrown her spear.

But this time, Nick truly saw what a Veteran could do.

This was no longer in the realm of what humans could do!

Reynold kicked metallic pieces several tons heavy into the distance like they were toys!

When he was done with the second house, he went back to the first house and cleaned that as well.

Then, Reynold just cleaned his hands with a satisfied smirk.

Reynold had created a sizable empty space, and with the border covered in a wall of rubble, it almost looked like an actual arena.

"Hey, Nick! What're you waiting for?!" Reynold shouted with an excited smile.

Nick scratched the back of his head before shrugging and jumping from house to house to reach Reynold in his new arena.

When Nick reached the arena, he noticed something.

There were two sizable holes in the ground.

Nick knew exactly where they had come from and looked at Reynold.

"How come you're not dirty?" Nick asked. "You fell into the sewers, right?"

Yes, the holes were where Reynold had landed.

With his force and weight, he had shot through the house and the floor like a cannonball, and by all intents and purposes, he must have landed in the sewers.

Yet, there was no bit of water on him.

Reynold just laughed loudly.

Ding! Ding!

Then, he knocked on the air around him, and Nick saw something ripple around Reynold.

"Oh, your Barrier, right," Nick said.

Naturally, a Veteran working for Kugelblitz had access to amazing equipment, and the Barriers they could use were probably just as amazing.

"I have to admit, though, I was spooked for a bit," Reynold shouted with loud laughter. "When I was submerged in the water down below, I felt the presence of the Nightmare and jumped away real quick!"

Reynold just kept laughing like something hilarious had happened.

One had to remember that, even though Reynold was incredibly powerful, he was just as helpless in front of the Nightmare as a normal person.

"What're you waiting for, Nick?" Reynold asked with a grin.

Nick was a bit confused.

"This arena isn't big enough," Reynold said. "We gotta get rid of two more houses."

"I took care of two, and now you have to take care of the other two."

Nick raised his brows in surprise as he looked at the houses surrounding him.

Everyone was used to seeing houses all the time, but when one seriously considered destroying one, one would realize how big these houses actually were.

"Destroy a house?" Nick repeated in confusion.

"Yeah, go ahead. Just like me," Reynold shouted with a laugh.

Nick scratched the back of his head.

He could guess that this was already part of his training, but he could also tell that this kind of training was very different from Manela's training.

Nick looked at the blades on his arms and furrowed his brows.

"Oh, wait a second," Reynold said. "Those are no good for such a task."

Nick raised an eyebrow and looked at Reynold.

"Luckily, I expected that you might need some weapons for our training," Reynold said as he took out something from behind his back.

Nick could see two heavy brown gauntlets and two heavy brown greaves that included two armored shoes.

"Your weapons are made for killing," Reynold said with a smirk.

"These are made for violence!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 132 132 – No Thinking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at the four weapons with surprise and took off his own weapons.

"Where should I put these?" Nick asked, gesturing to his silver weapons.

"Just throw them in the corner somewhere," Reynold said dismissively.

This surprised Nick a bit. "No respect for the craftsmanship?"

Reynold shook his head in confusion. "Wait, what?"

"You know, treating weapons with respect," Nick said. "Manela told me that we are supposed to treat our weapons with respect."

"Why?" Reynold asked in genuine confusion. "They're objects. They're not alive. They don't care."

Nick scratched the back of his neck awkwardly. "Yeah, but Manela said that a lot of work goes into creating these sorts of weapons and that we should always treat them with respect."

Reynold snorted. "Manela's too serious and stuck up," he said with a dismissive wave. "We paid the craftsman, right? Therefore, they belong to us, and that means that we can do with them whatever we want."

"If we want, we can throw them into the sewers and leave. The craftsmen shouldn't care about what happens to their weapons. They got their money, and that's what they wanted in the first place."

Nick couldn't really argue with Reynold.

Logically speaking, Reynold was right.

However, Nick also thought that Manela was right.

In the end, Nick just put his weapons on the roof of a building he wouldn't destroy.

After that, he grabbed the weapons Reynold had taken out.

'Heavy!' Nick thought as soon as he lifted one of the greaves.

Nick estimated that the greaves and gauntlets put together were nearly as heavy as all of his spears.

Reynold laughed loudly as he saw how difficult it was for Nick to put on the greaves and gauntlets.

It was almost like this was the most hilarious thing in the world.

When Nick was finally done, he stood in the middle of the arena like his feet had been glued there.

Reynold clapped in his hands with laughter. "What are you waiting for?! Go!" he shouted in amusement.

Nick furrowed his brows and awkwardly waddled to one of the houses.

It was two stories high and almost ten meters long.

It was a very average house, but to the current Nick, it seemed gigantic.

He took a deep breath as he looked at the huge task in front of him.

He had no idea where to start.

"What are you daydreaming for? Go!" Reynold shouted.

"I'm planning," Nick shouted back.

"Nonsense!" Reynold shouted. "That's what others do, not us!"

Nick furrowed his brows and turned to Reynold.

"We are not like them," Reynold said with an arrogant smirk. "Planning, strategizing, feinting, retreating, whatever. We don't do that."

"We use our fists and legs!"

"Do you know what that means?"

Nick looked at Reynold with uncertainty before shaking his head.

"It means we have more weapons than all of them," Reynold shouted.

"Everyone else has one or two weapons. Big sword for both hands, two swords for both hands, big club, small clubs, big rifle, two pistols, throwing spears, rapiers, whips, whatever!"

"They all only have two weapons at most!"

"We have four!"

"As long as our enemy is within reach, they are helpless!"

"We kick and kick and punch and kick and punch and kick and kick and punch and punch and kick until there is nothing left of our enemy!"

"We attack faster and faster until they can't defend themselves anymore!"

"We don't think!"

"We punch!"

"We kick!"

"We unleash all our aggression and stomp their lights out!"

"We attack so fast that not even we know what kind of attack we will launch next, and if not even we can know that how will our enemy?"

Reynold laughed loudly.

Nick wasn't usually someone who got pumped and excited, especially not in recent times, but the way Reynold had shouted his sentences made even Nick's blood boil.

Nick took a deep breath as his heart rate increased, and he looked at the house again.

"Go!" Reynold shouted again.

Nick pulled his right arm back and swung it forward with all of his power.

BANG!

He hit the wall in front of him and created a massive dent in it.

However, the wall hadn't broken down yet.

The gauntlet was just way too heavy for Nick to swing properly.

'I need to change my-'

"Don't stop! Go!" Reynold shouted, interrupting Nick's thoughts.

Nick shook his head, gritted his teeth, and unleashed a kick.

BANG!

The wall in front of Nick got bent more until it caved in.

"Do it!" Reynold shouted with aggression. "Fucking do it! Fuck this house!"

"Destroy it!"

Nick gritted his teeth and punched again.

"Fuck it up! This asshole insulted your mother! Kill it!" Reynold shouted aggressively.

Nick snorted.

Reynold sure was a character.

"Fuck it up!"

"Kill the fucker!"

However, even though Nick found Reynold's shouts to be a bit embarrassing and funny, he couldn't deny that they worked.

Reynold actually managed to get Nick's blood pumping.

Nick continued kicking and punching the house in front of him.

Things proceeded very well for a couple of minutes, but then Nick started to get exhausted.

It was so exhausting to punch and kick something without any breaks with such heavy gauntlets and greaves.

"Me and all my homies hate this house! Destroy it!" Reynold shouted.

However, Reynold's shouts kept motivating Nick to continue punching and kicking.

RUMBLE!

Eventually, part of the second floor started to collapse.

Nick wanted to jump back, but he felt something kick him into the house.

"It's fighting back! Fuck it up!" Reynold shouted while kicking Nick into the house.

Nick became a bit panicked as the ceiling above him started to collapse.

In his desperation, he performed a powerful punch that bent the heavy metal plate that was falling on him.

Nick felt his entire body shake due to the impact.

But it had worked.

The plate was not falling on him anymore but on the ground beside him.

Yet, that wasn't the end.

More parts of the ceiling began to collapse.

"FUCK 'EM UP!" Reynold shouted like a violent beast.

Nick clenched his fists and started to punch the ceiling again.

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 133 133 – Two Methods
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Alright, that's about enough," Reynold said as he pulled Nick back by his shoulders.

Nick's breathing had become extremely labored and heavy, but his eyes glared at the house with pure hatred and aggression.

After a couple of seconds, Nick's body sagged, and his breathing became deeper.

"There we go," Reynold said with a smirk as he let go of Nick, who fell onto his knees in exhaustion.

"You did good, Nick," Reynold said with a laugh. "You really fucked that house up!"

Nick slowly turned to look at the house.

It was half collapsed.

The front had completely collapsed, but the back was still at its original height.

Nick had punched the house for half an hour, and this was the result.

It had been extremely exhausting, but Nick got quite far.

"How's it feel?" Reynold asked, squatting beside Nick.

Nick thought about it for a bit as he looked at the house.

"Good," he said.

Reynold laughed loudly. "That's the way we like it!" he shouted as he slapped Nick's back, who started to cough.

"Nick," Reynold said with a quiet voice, for his standards, "we are not thinkers."

"We are not planners."

"Our power doesn't come from here," Reynold said as he pointed at his head.

"It comes from here," he said as he hit his chest with his fist.

"Our brains might make us move smarter, but our feelings make us move faster."

"Someone that needs to get home to protect their family from a threat will run much faster than normal."

"Someone that's filled with hatred and anger will attack much faster and with more power than normal."

"Our weapons are the fastest, and the best way to take advantage of that is to make them even faster."

"Punch faster and faster until nobody can defend anymore!"

"So what if an enemy sees our attack and blocks it? We just continued punching and kicking, and eventually, their foresight won't be of help anymore."

"What good is their intelligence and perception when their bodies can't move fast enough to defend?" Reynold shouted with a loud laugh.

Nick listened intently to Reynold's words.

The things Reynold was teaching Nick were very different from what Manela was teaching him.

Manela was very methodical and planning, while Reynold went all out.

One was the epitome of control, while the other was the epitome of chaos.

"Break's over," Reynold said with a smirk before shoving Nick forward. "Come on! Fuck 'em up!"

Nick took a deep breath and cracked his neck.

Then, he ran straight into the building violently.

He had thrown all the caution to the wind and decided to just go crazy, doing whatever his body was telling him to do.

"Come on! Do it! Fucking do it! Just do it!" Reynold kept shouting.

The house kept shaking under the impacts, and debris was falling from the house as Nick kept demolishing its insides.

20 minutes later, Reynold pulled Nick out again.

Nick nearly puked from exhaustion.

Manela's training was also extremely exhausting, but that kind of exhaustion was different from this one.

At the end of Manela's training, Nick felt like his body had been abused to its fullest extent, and it basically hurt everywhere.

But here, Nick felt like he was about to lose consciousness and die.

With Manela, it felt like Nick had exhausted his body.

With Reynold, it felt like Nick had exhausted his energy.

Another difference was that Manela never gave Nick any breaks, while Reynold forced Nick to take breaks several times.

"Look at that beauty," Reynold said with a smirk as he looked at the house.

Nick also looked at the house.

It had turned into rubble.

It was just a small hill of broken metal.

'That was me,' Nick thought.

'I did this.'

Nick still remembered how big and intimidating the house had been.

It had been a huge structure made of metal.

Now, it had turned into manageable pieces of rubble.

"Next, you gotta kick and punch the pieces so hard that they stick in the edge of the arena," Reynold said as he pointed at the edges of the arena.

When Reynold had destroyed the first two houses, he had kicked the rubble to the side with so much power that it got stuck in the surrounding houses, essentially creating a makeshift wall.

Nick realized that this would be very different from what he had done up until now.

Destroying the house had required a continued explosion of power, but throwing and burying these things in the surrounding houses required short bursts of power.

"Come on! Get to it!" Reynold shouted as he shoved Nick forward.

Nick took a deep breath and charged at the rubble.

He immediately kicked one of the pieces with all of his power.

BANG!

Sadly, the plate hit the building with its flat side and slid down.

Nick wanted to go forward and retrieve the plate.

"Forget it!" Reynold shouted. "You're thinking too much! You only have to bury them in the houses!"

"You don't have to throw from a distance!"

"Just keep punching and kicking at the hill of rubble until it's gone, and when some pieces are still at the edge of the arena, just stomp them into the buildings like they're a shitty stamp!"

"Come on! Faster! Stronger!"

Nick had already continued to attack the hill of rubble, and soon, many different pieces of debris were essentially flying everywhere.

Some of them were landing in the arena.

Some of them hit a building and slid down.

Some of them got buried in a building.

Nick just kept punching and attacking the rubble.

This time, there were no breaks.

Nick's breaks were between kicking the debris.

After all, he was now attacking many small pieces instead of one big piece.

That required many small explosions of power instead of one big one.

"Faster! Faster! Faster!" Reynold shouted.

"Fucking do it!"

"Fuck it up!"

"Kick the fucker!"

Under Reynold's constant shouts of motivation, Nick kept going at the hill of debris.

He didn't even notice the time passing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 134 134 – Men and Women
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"And that's it!" Reynold shouted with laughter when he saw Nick punching the last piece of debris into a house wall.

Since Nick hadn't managed to make the majority stick to the walls, he just punched and kicked the debris into the walls from melee range.

As soon as Nick was done, he fell onto his back.

He didn't lose consciousness, but he still felt like he couldn't stay on his feet.

His entire body was burning and aching, and the heavy weapons Reynold had given him felt like they had fused to Nick's body.

For over three minutes, Nick couldn't even be bothered to think about anything.

He was just too busy trying to survive and breathe.

When Reynold saw that Nick's eyes regained focus, he walked over and squatted down beside Nick, smirking at him.

"Tough, isn't it?" Reynold asked.

Nick was so busy breathing heavily that he only nodded several seconds later.

"Training as a Zephyx Extractor is different from training as a normal person, Nick," Reynold said with a chuckle. "The more Zephyx we have, the quicker our regeneration becomes."

"As a Peak Newbie, you should be able to recover from something like this within 24 hours or so, which is just perfect for our training tomorrow."

Nick breathed heavily. "Is… training like this… very important?" he asked through gasps.

Reynold nodded. "Yep. Zephyx is our source of energy, and it also increases the power of our bodies."

"However, the increase is based on our fitness."

"For example, Manela is very fit and quite big, but her physical power can't compare to mine."

"Even though the inherent strength difference between sexes becomes less important the stronger we get since the average density of female muscle increases to almost the same density as male muscles, men still tend to train their bodies with more fervor, on average. Obviously, there are exceptions, but on average, that is still the case."

Nick furrowed his brows. "Are you sure?" he asked, slowly sitting up. "This doesn't seem like Manela. Maybe she just prioritizes flexibility and speed over pure strength due to her weapon."

Reynold laughed and shook his head a bit.

"That's an excuse and does not represent the truth. While it is true that an excessive amount of muscle can slow you down, that excessive amount of muscle must truly be excessive."

Reynold lifted his right arm and flexed it, showing his bulky muscles.

The next moment, he relaxed it and moved it over his shoulder.

His other arm also moved behind his back but from below.

After turning around, Nick saw what Reynold was doing.

Right now, Reynold's two hands were holding each other behind his back, one coming from above and one coming from below.

Almost all humans could do something like that, but for someone as muscular as Reynold, this was special.

Then, Reynold did the splits, eliciting a shocked expression from Nick.

"Lastly, our weight barely increases as we grow more powerful," Reynold said as he almost seemed to teleport into the distance.

"Even though I obviously weigh more than Manela, it's, at the absolute most, 100 kilos, and that's being extremely generous."

Reynold grinned. "And what's 100 kilos for a Veteran?"

Nick couldn't find a counterargument.

"But then, why doesn't she train like that?"

Reynold laughed loudly.

"Because she doesn't want to look like me," Reynold shouted.

Nick just looked at Reynold for a while.

That's it?

That was the entire reason?

"It's understandable, though," Reynold added. "There are a couple of female Extractors in Kugelblitz that have bodies very similar to mine, and damn, they're scary."

"If you were to see them, you would immediately think they are men, but the fact that they are women makes this so much scarier."

"Not in a negative sense, of course. It's just that being willing to sacrifice your outward appearance for power to this degree shows a terrifying amount of dedication and willpower."

"They are like iron soldiers, and you can tell their fanatic dedication to becoming stronger just from looking into their eyes."

"I mean, I want to become stronger as well, but damn, I can't compare to them."

Reynold laughed some more.

"I still want to live a little, you know?"

Nick furrowed his brows.

It sounded believable, but he still wanted to ask Manela in a couple of days.

"Anyway, enough talking," Reynold said. "We are over."

"Over?" Nick asked.

"We've been here for three and a half hours," Reynold said.

"Oh," Nick answered. "Sorry."

"Nah, it's fine," Reynold said with a dismissive wave. "We're just going to rectify that tomorrow."

"Tomorrow, you deal with the second house in two and a half hours. With your experience from today, this should be doable."

Nick took a deep breath.

Sure, he would definitely be faster tomorrow, but nearly an entire hour faster?

That would be brutal.

It would be just as brutal as today.

"Not surprising that you thought I would only hold out for ten days or so," Nick said with a sigh.

Reynold laughed loudly.

"We're going to turn you into a bronze titan!" Reynold shouted as he slapped Nick's back.

"You still have a bit of growing ahead of you, and if you eat enough while training hard, you should be able to squeeze a couple more centimeters out of your body!"

Nick hadn't really thought about it before, but now, he realized that he would enjoy being taller.

"Thank you, Reynold," Nick said as he stood up. "You taught me a lot today."

"No problem, boy!" Reynold shouted with a loud laugh. "I'm going to make a man out of you!"

Nick also laughed and nodded.

"Anyway, gotta go. Work calls!" Reynold said with a wave before he jumped into the distance.

"See you tomorrow!" Nick shouted after him.

For a bit, Nick just watched Reynold jumping into the distance.

He was very impressed by Reynold.

He was outstanding in basically every department.

'If the thing with Horua and Pator hadn't happened, maybe I would have become someone like this in the future,' Nick thought.

'But now…'

He could only sigh.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 135 135 – Playing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick felt like his body was falling apart when he came home after eating two chickens.

The exhaustion of his body was so insanely deep.

As soon as he fell into his bed, he almost immediately fell asleep.

Naturally, since he fell asleep very early, he also woke up very early.

After Nick woke up, he still felt quite a couple of aches in his body, but they were far duller than yesterday.

Since he woke up so early, Nick decided to practice his punches and kicks without his weapons.

Not wearing these heavy weapons and having his ability active made all the movements very different.

It was almost like his legs and arms shot forward on their own.

Sadly, Nick had to change locations rather quickly when he heard a couple of creaking noises coming from the floor of his room.

While he wasn't hitting anything, the force he was applying to the ground while punching was still significant.

'Wait, didn't I build a place just for that yesterday?' Nick thought.

After looking at the clock, he realized that he still had three hours before he had to get breakfast and get to work.

So, Nick jumped towards the newly built arena.

Since Nick hadn't taken any of his weapons with him, he moved insanely fast.

However, he also felt a bit naked.

After walking around with his weapons every day, not carrying some of them felt very strange.

For the next three hours, Nick practiced several punches and kicks on one of the surrounding houses, but he made sure that he didn't touch the house that he was supposed to tear down this afternoon.

Since Nick's power was now much stronger due to his ability being active, he did more damage to the house than yesterday, but surprisingly, not that much more.

'Weapons really make a difference,' Nick thought. 'I'm five times stronger than yesterday, but I'm just twice as fast in destroying stuff.'

Nevertheless, Nick kept attacking the house as he tried out different ways of performing a punch.

While Manela always explained in detail how Nick was supposed to do something, Reynold didn't do that.

Instead, Reynold let Nick figure things out on his own.

'Maybe that's all I need?' Nick thought. 'I mean, at some point, if I punch enough times, my punches will become very strong and fast.'

'I guess it's less theory and more practice.'

Because of that, Nick decided to not think about how he was moving very much and just continued moving, but he still remained cautious that he didn't overexert himself for his training that afternoon.

This was only practice, not actual training.

Eventually, Nick got something to eat and entered Dark Dream.

"Good morning, Nick," Wyntor said from his office.

"Morning," Nick answered with a nod.

"How's Reynold's training?" Wyntor asked with a smirk.

"Exhausting," Nick immediately answered, "but also very good."

"I presume you can deal with it?" Wyntor asked.

Nick nodded. "I like his training. I wouldn't want to quit, even if you wanted me to."

"Good to hear," Wyntor said.

After that, Nick worked with the Dreamer and dealt with all of his duties, and before he knew it, it was time for his training with Reynold.

When Nick arrived at the arena, Reynold was already waiting there.

"Ready for a new day in hell?" Reynold asked with a loud laugh.

"Yes!" Nick shouted.

"Good! Good!" Reynold shouted as he threw the four weapons from yesterday to Nick.

Nick quickly switched into them and nodded at Reynold with conviction.

"You ready?" Reynold asked.

Nick nodded.

"Good," Reynold said.

Then, Reynold grabbed Nick, lifted him above his head, and threw him at the house he was supposed to tear down like a cannonball.

"Then get to it!" Reynold shouted with some aggression.

BOOM! BOOOM!

Nick shot through the house and came out on the other side.

Right now, Nick's blood was already pumping, but not for the same reason as yesterday.

'What the fuck?!' was the only thing Nick could think right now.

He felt like his body was hurting all over, and he wasn't even sure if he had broken something or not.

'Did I just fly through the entire house?' Nick thought.

However, his thoughts were cut short when he hit the house behind that one, which stopped his flight.

For a while, Nick just remained in the position he had landed in.

'Did that guy just throw me through a fucking house?!' Nick thought.

Nick looked at the hole he left behind.

He could see Reynold through it, who just smirked victoriously.

"Come on! We don't have all day!" Reynold shouted.

Nick shook his head a bit.

At that moment, Nick felt a hand on his shoulder.

Reynold had already arrived beside him.

"Too slow! We gotta hurry up! We only got two and a half hours today!" Reynold said quickly as he started to lift Nick again.

"Hey! Hey! Hey!" Nick shouted rapidly as he began to flail.

"Here we go!"

Reynold pulled Nick back with one hand.

"I bet I can also throw spears!"

Then, he threw Nick at the house like he was a spear.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Nick shot through the entire thing.

This time, he had positioned his fists in a way that pointed at the building while also protecting his head.

Nick felt his bones shake, but it didn't hurt nearly as much as the first throw.

On top of that, Nick managed to somewhat change his alignment and managed to land on his feet and knees, sliding for a couple of meters.

Luckily, the uniform of a Zephyx Extractor was extremely durable, and the skin and flesh on Nick's knees didn't get ground off.

Nick's breathing had already quickened as his fight or flight instinct kicked in.

This was actually dangerous!

"No time for thinking!" Reynold said as he grabbed Nick again.

"What are you doing?!" Nick shouted in a mix of fear and anger.

Reynold smiled brightly.

"Playing!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 136 136 – Recovery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the next hour, Reynold kept grabbing Nick and throwing him through the house.

Naturally, the house collapsed quite quickly, but that didn't stop Reynold.

Instead of throwing Nick through the house, Reynold simply threw him into the pile until he got stuck there.

Nick kept asking what Reynold was doing, and Reynold kept answering with short answers like it was obvious what he was doing.

Playing.

Having fun.

"Aren't you supposed to train me?" Nick asked one time before being thrown again.

In response, Reynold just laughed loudly.

"Am I not?"

"No?" Nick said when Reynold pulled him out of the pile like a vegetable.

"We also gotta learn to defend, my boy!" Reynold shouted as he buried Nick in the debris again.

"Before you jump, you gotta learn how to fall," Reynold said as he pulled Nick out again.

"Today, I'm the one having fun!" Reynold shouted with loud laughter.

For once, he didn't immediately throw Nick into the pile again.

"You just have to learn to defend from what's coming!"

Nick gulped.

After that, Reynold changed his grip on Nick and held one of his ankles with his right arm.

"Whooooaaa!" Nick shouted as Reynold swung him around like a towel.

"Here goes!" Reynold shouted with a mad grin.

BANG!

Then, he used Nick like a stick and hit the pile with him.

A big part of the metallic debris exploded and scattered.

At the same time, some blood also splashed around.

Nick had protected his head with his forearms, but his forearms had received several cuts.

"That's no good!" Reynold shouted when he saw the blood. "You gotta use your weapons to defend, not your naked body!"

Before Nick could think about how he was supposed to do that, Reynold hit him into the pile again.

More blood.

"Come on!" Reynold shouted.

BANG!

"Ya gotta learn how to defend!"

BANG!

Several bruises had appeared on Nick's arms by now, and he was in a lot of pain.

However, Nick could deal with the pain.

After all, in the sewers, the Nightmare had put him through pain that was much, much worse.

Additionally, the more often Reynold swung Nick, the easier it became for Nick to defend.

The way Reynold swung Nick was almost identical every single time, and Nick had learned how to defend himself in this case.

"Good!" Reynold shouted with a laugh when he saw that Nick's injuries stopped increasing.

So, Reynold turned Nick and grabbed one of his wrists instead.

BANG!

Nick's flat body hit the pile.

At that moment, Nick's mind stopped working.

The power of the hit had been so strong that Nick felt unable to breathe.

It was like all of his organs tried to curl up.

"No time to relax!" Reynold shouted as he lifted Nick again.

At this point, Nick just wanted to get out.

The hits earlier were bad, but they just hurt.

These ones, on the other hand, felt genuinely dangerous.

Nick grabbed Reynold's hand and tried to pull his own hand out.

CRK!

"FUCK! Okay! Okay!" Nick shouted as he let go of Reynold.

Just now, Reynold had strengthened his grip, and Nick felt like his wrist was about to break in two!

"This is training, Nick! You can't run from training!" Reynold said with a smirk.

BANG!

Reynold hit Nick into the pile again.

This time, Nick managed to protect his torso by pulling his knees to his chest.

His shins hurt a lot, but it was better than last time.

Over the next couple of times, Nick became better and better at this until he even managed to directly land on his feet.

"Good job!" Reynold shouted with a grin. "Next!"

Reynold grabbed Nick at a seemingly random spot, jumped away from the pile, and threw him without any control at the pile.

Nick's body was spinning uncontrollably through the air, and Nick felt himself hit the pile with his ass first.

Once more, Nick started to receive injuries.

Reynold grabbed him at a different random spot and carelessly flung him at the pile again.

Nick spun uncontrollably again.

This happened several more times.

But slowly, Nick learned to adapt.

He managed to somewhat control the way his body was rotating in the air and how to tell where he currently was.

Nick started to hit the pile with his arms and legs more and more.

Until one moment…

BANG!

Nick hit the pile with the soles of his feet and stopped his momentum by kneeling down.

Naturally, the force of the throw still pushed him and the pile quite a bit, but Nick had essentially stabilized his position.

At this moment, Nick was very injured.

Blood was coming out from all over his body, and if he hadn't known about his increased recovery rate due to his Zephyx, he would have already tried to stop the training out of fear.

The pain was bad, but Nick's adrenaline did a great job suppressing it.

"Well done!" Reynold shouted before he grabbed Nick again.

Then, he just threw Nick in a random direction.

He wasn't even aiming for the pile anymore.

This time, Nick had to learn to land on flat ground and on vertical walls, but with his previous experience, he quickly got used to it.

After that, Reynold also randomly changed the angle at which he was throwing Nick.

Sometimes, Nick flew almost perfectly straight into the air, and other times, he skidded across the floor like a pebble skipping across a river.

Nick became better and better.

Finally, Reynold wasn't even throwing Nick anymore.

Now, Reynold was "lightly" punching and kicking Nick.

These punches and kicks were not designed to injure him but to throw and push him.

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

In no time at all, Nick started to recover very quickly after every punch and kick, and he even managed to see Reynold coming before he actually grabbed his body.

At that moment, Nick realized how much he had actually learned today.

He was able to recover from such powerful punches and kicks so quickly!

That was incredible!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 137 137 – First Week
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"HAHAHAHA! Good! Good!" Reynold shouted with laughter as he clapped loudly.

By now, Nick had stopped bleeding.

Sure, there were plenty of dried clots of blood all over his body, but he was no longer actively bleeding from anywhere.

"That should about do it!" Reynold shouted as he slowly approached Nick.

Nick felt nervous when Reynold was approaching him, but he just kept telling himself that the training was over.

After all, why else would Reynold slowly walk towards Nick like this?

Nevertheless, after being thrown around for who knew how long, Nick still felt nervous.

Since he now also had some time to calm down, Nick also looked around the arena.

Sure enough, all the debris had been thrown into the border of the arena.

The entire house had been destroyed and cleaned up.

'To think that Reynold did all of this by swinging me around,' Nick thought.

It was so bizarre.

Nick had once thought about destroying a house, but he had never thought about being the tool of someone that destroyed said house.

"Reynold, you taught me so much today," Nick said with a sigh as he realized how stark the difference between the start of today's training and now was.

In the beginning, Nick was getting injured by everything, but now, he felt comfortable being thrown around in any imaginable way.

If he were to fight someone more powerful than him, Nick would at least be able to recover from a powerful attack and continue running away.

If Nick were attacked by someone much stronger, it would be over as soon as the enemy managed to throw Nick to the ground, but with this training, such a throw might even become an opportunity for Nick.

After all, not everyone would expect Nick to suddenly flip in the air, which might result in them misjudging the trajectory of their target and crashing against a building or something.

That was an extremely important skill to have.

"It's what I do," Reynold shouted with a loud laugh.

Then, he turned to the arena and grandly gestured towards it. "Also, our arena is finally done! Next week, we can truly start training!"

"Next week? Oh, right!" Nick said, realizing that they only had two days of training this week.

Manela had four days, and Reynold had three days, but this week, he only had two due to Julian having taken one of them.

This meant that Nick would only see Reynold again in five days since he would spend the next four with Manela.

"How late is it?" Nick asked.

Reynold looked at something on his wrist.

When Nick had first seen this thing, he had been awestruck.

A clock for a wrist!

He hadn't even known that was possible!

"We are about done. We cleaned the house in two and a half hours," Reynold said with a grin.

"You threw me around for two and a half hours?" Nick asked.

Reynold just laughed loudly. "How else are you going to learn? You know, not everyone gets the opportunity to be flung around like this for hours on end."

Nick couldn't disagree.

"Anyway, I'm looking forward to our three days next week," Reynold said.

Nick nodded. "Thanks again."

"No problem, my boy," Reynold said as he slapped Nick's shoulder again.

The two of them gave their farewells and split up.

Nick went to buy some food, and for the evening, he decided to focus on getting reacquainted with his spears in the training area that Manela had shown him.

Nick's first week of training with his weapons was officially over, and he had learned a lot.

Next day, he met Manela at the training ground again.

After spending two days with Reynold, Manela didn't seem as big as before to Nick.

Manela nodded when she saw Nick. "Get warmed up. You know how," she ordered.

Nick nodded, jumped down the building, and used his spears to get to the five spots in the training field.

It took Nick just seven minutes while carrying all five of his spears.

When he arrived back on top of the building, Manela looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "You move differently," she commented.

"I do?" Nick repeated in surprise.

How was he moving differently?

"It's like you're no longer afraid of stumbling or falling over," Manela explained.

"Oh, yeah," Nick said with a nod. "My other teacher taught me yesterday."

"Yesterday?" Manela asked with furrowed brows. "I don't think that's something that can be taught in just a single day. Who's your teacher?"

"He's also a Veteran from Kugelblitz," Nick said.

Manela didn't show any reaction.

"It's a pretty big guy called Reynold. He's teaching me how to fight with my fist weapons," Nick said.

A light appeared in Manela's eyes. "Reynold? The loud one?"

"Yes, the loud one," Nick answered with a chuckle.

Manela nodded. "How did he teach you?" she asked, the suspicion in her voice replaced by curiosity.

Nick scratched the back of his head. "Reynold destroyed a house by throwing and swinging me."

Manela furrowed her brows in confusion and skepticism.

What did Nick mean by that?

Nick explained what had happened in more detail, and eventually, Manela could only accept that this was truly how Reynold had trained Nick.

Although, the more she thought about it, the more it started to make sense.

In a way, it was like Nick was fighting with his life on the line against someone far more powerful than him for over two hours.

After being thrown around that many times, even an idiot would learn how to avoid getting injured.

"It's good that Reynold is teaching you," Manela said. "He's one of the vice team leaders for us Veterans, you know that?"

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise. "No, I don't."

"Well," Manela said, "we have around 40 Veterans in Kugelblitz, which are split into four teams with ten members each."

"One of the ten members of each team is a team leader, and every team leader has two vice team leaders. So, to break it down, there is one team leader, two vice team leaders, and seven normal Veterans in every team of Veterans in Kugelblitz."

"And Reynold is one of them."

'This means that Reynold is outstanding even for the standards of Kugelblitz!' Nick thought.

"What about you?" Nick asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 138 138 – A Job
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm just a normal member," Manela said.

"Oh," Nick answered.

"Is that surprising to you?" she asked.

"Oh, no! Sorry if it came across like I was disappointed," Nick said hastily.

"It didn't," Manela added emotionlessly. "I was simply asking a question."

"Oh, ok," Nick said.

He didn't say anything for three seconds.

"Well, I was a bit surprised," Nick said. "You seem like someone who knows how to take charge of a situation."

Manela glanced at Nick. "I can see how I can give off that impression. In fact, I used to be a team leader in Ghosty's Lab before I switched to Kugelblitz."

"You were in Ghosty's Lab before?" Nick asked in surprise.

Manela nodded. "Over half of the staff come from other Manufacturers. Kugelblitz rarely hires Newbies and Johns since everyone else wants to join us anyways."

Nick nodded. "That makes sense."

Manela didn't answer.

"Hey, Manela?" Nick asked.

Manela looked at Nick.

"Do you want to be a team leader again?"

Manela snorted. "No."

This surprised Nick. "Why not?"

"It's not as cracked up as it seems to be," she said. "In a big corporation, power and hierarchy work very differently."

"You can probably just tell Wyntor that you want an Extractor removed, and they get fired."

"That's not how it works in big corporations."

"If an Extractor makes trouble, I have to file several complaints with upper management, who will then tell me to handle the issue."

"When I show that it hasn't improved, they will talk a bit with the Extractor, which might make things even worse since the Extractor will now hate me even more than before."

"After several times of this exact thing, I can finally get rid of the person that has made trouble in my team for so long."

"The power from both sides looks very different."

"Employees believe that their superior is completely in control at all times and that they almost can't resist."

"Meanwhile, the superior almost feels like the employee is in control."

"If an employee is rude to me, the only thing I can do to them is reprimand them, and if that doesn't work, I need to put in a lot of effort to convince upper management to reprimand them."

"However, if I am rude to an employee, upper management will immediately pull me out and tear into me and tell me that I can't possibly talk like that to my team. Even if they were rude first."

"Additionally, whenever I give an order, there is nothing I can do really if they just say no."

"What if they say no? If I give the order again, they will just say no again. I also can't attack them or force them. In the end, I have to talk to my superior and get them to do something about it, which might take several days or weeks, and on top of that, they will believe that I am the incompetent one because I can't control my team."

Nick just listened to Manela's rant in stunned silence.

"Being a team leader is filled with stress and annoyance, which is why I am not interested in that position anymore," Manela said.

"What about becoming an Expert?" Nick asked. "Wouldn't becoming a team leader give you some sort of advantage?"

"Who says I want to be an Expert?" Manela asked.

Now, this took Nick by surprise. "You don't?"

"I am already in enough danger by working with the Adult Specters. I finally managed to work with them without being in too much danger, and I'm not about to go through the same thing again with Elders."

"Is it that bad?" Nick asked.

"Nick," Manela said. "What is a Zephyx Extractor?"

Nick blinked a couple of times. "I'm not sure," he said.

"It's not a philosophical question," Manela said.

"It's a job," she added.

"A Zephyx Extractor is a job."

"Why do you do a job?" she asked.

"Money?" Nick answered with a question.

"Correct, money," Manela said, evenly looking at Nick. "If none of us were getting paid, almost nobody would show up to work."

"That's the undeniable truth."

"We do work so that we can live. We don't live so that we can work," Manela said.

"I'm earning more than enough."

"I'm strong enough."

"I am secure enough."

"I have enough free time."

"Why would I sacrifice all of my security and free time for more money and strength?"

"My goal is not to become the strongest person in the world. My goal is to lead a happy life."

"Work is work. Life is life."

"That's it," Manela explained.

Nick understood what Manela was saying, but in a way, it felt strange.

Yes, being a Zephyx Extractor is a job, but it also allowed someone to unlock incredible powers.

Wasn't Manela interested in being able to do things that she could only dream of right now?

Didn't she want to become stronger?

Nick also remembered what Reynold had said about Manela.

He had said that Manela wasn't interested in training as much as Reynold due to her appearance.

Back then, Nick hadn't fully believed Reynold, but now, he did.

Right, if Manela only viewed this as a job, why would she sacrifice her appearance for it?

Nick knew that this was Manela's choice and her opinion, but it just felt so strange to him.

"You don't want to become more powerful?" he asked.

"Of course I do," Manela answered, "but in this world, power comes with responsibility and work."

"The Experts dedicate their entire life to work, and half of them don't even have a partner."

"That's not a life I want to live."

"While I am interested in becoming more powerful, I am not willing to put in the time and work required to become more powerful."

"Becoming stronger just isn't as attractive as it used to be."

Manela looked at the horizon.

"Many people dream of becoming the most powerful in this world."

"However, being the most powerful probably also means being the busiest."

"And that's not something that is appealing to me."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 139 139 – Three Months
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After talking a bit more, Manela said that they had wasted enough time and that they would start training immediately.

For the next four days, Manela kept instructing Nick on how to throw his spears while also constantly refreshing the basics he had already learned.

After that, Nick had three days of training with Reynold.

During these three days, Reynold kept charging at Nick, trying to hit him.

Reynold wanted Nick to get acquainted with making quick and correct decisions in a stressful and hectic situation.

Since Nick was using fist weapons, he needed to be the fastest person in a close-combat fight, which also meant making the quickest decisions.

In essence, Reynold was shoving all kinds of movements into Nick's subconscious.

The more familiar movements became, the quicker they could be performed.

Sadly, something like this would take a long time.

Then, it was time for Nick's training with Manela again.

Back and forth.

Back and forth.

While Nick was training with his weapons, Jenny and Trevor were also training in their weapons.

Jenny had found a good teacher for her long-distance rifle in an experienced guard team working for Gemini.

While the guard team didn't have a single Zephyx Extractor, their tactics, teamwork, and mastery over weapons made them dangerous to even Veterans.

Jenny's teacher was the sniper of this team, and he wielded an incredibly expensive and powerful rifle that could be loaded with Zephyx-based ammunition and even used Zephyx as a source of power.

The rifle cost over three million credits, and it was the only thing that allowed the guard team to threaten a Veteran.

Firing such a rifle cost over 50,000 credits per shot, and if the appropriate fortifications were not in place, the recoil would even break several bones of the sniper.

So, even though he was not a Zephyx Extractor, the gunner was still extremely experienced and more than good enough to teach Jenny.

Meanwhile, Trevor found a sort of club for convertable spear users.

Trevor had a spear with a retractable shaft, which meant that the spear could also be used as a dagger.

Such a weapon was officially called a convertable spear.

Only very few people were using convertable spears, which was why this club was formed.

It basically included over half of all the people who used this kind of weapon, and the strongest person in the club was an Expert.

The Expert instructed the two Veterans, and the two Veterans instructed all of the Johns.

Any Newbies got instructed by different Johns.

Membership for this club was rather cheap, but it came with the duty to instruct one's juniors.

Nevertheless, Trevor was also making amazing strides in learning how to wield his weapon.

The members of Dark Dream were becoming more powerful.

As several weeks passed, the three Extractors also began to change.

Jenny and Trevor had already become Peak Newbies, just like Nick.

Since Jenny's training was mostly focused on stealth, running away, aiming, and shooting, she became a bit more muscular, but not in a very noticeable way.

Although, many men on the streets kept turning their heads when she passed by them.

Jenny had also cut off the bangs that went down the right side of her head.

These bangs had often gotten in her way while she was trying to look through the sight of her rifle.

In the end, she decided to remove the bangs on her right while keeping the ones on her left, giving her an asymmetrical but striking appearance.

Meanwhile, Trevor was becoming more muscular, but also not by much.

Trevor had already been quite fit before joining Dark Dream. On top of that, Trevor actively avoided becoming too muscular.

After all, he was supposed to be Wyntor's undercover agent, which meant that he had to fit in with strangers.

He had to be charming and handsome, not intimidating.

But the biggest change was Nick.

Reynold was going hard on Nick.

Every week, Reynold got another brilliant idea, and Nick left every day with either heavy injuries or an absolutely exhausted body.

Sometimes, even both.

But the hard work was showing results!

Since Nick could train to death every single day due to his recovery, the growth of Nick's muscles was unparalleled.

While Nick had always been quite fit, he had never looked like an actual warrior.

But now, he did.

Nick wasn't as muscular as Reynold, but he was getting there.

When he flexed one of his arms, one could already see all the different muscles in quite a bit of detail.

Additionally, Nick's back and legs had also become much bigger since he was carrying his extremely heavy weapons every single day.

Another good thing was that Nick was growing, which improved his power even more.

About six months had passed since the founding of Dark Dream, and Nick had grown by about five centimeters, which put him at 178 centimeters.

From the looks of things, Nick was having a growth spurt, and it was probably also his last one.

So, he was doing his best and kept training and eating a lot to extend his growth spurt.

Reaching a height of 190 centimeters was impossible, but reaching one of 185 centimeters should still be possible.

After three months of training, Jenny, Trevor, and Nick became very confident in their power.

One night, Dark Dream held a secret meeting, and Wyntor told Trevor and Jenny about the spy that was spying on Dark Dream every few nights or so.

Then, Wyntor told them what his plan was.

The next time the spy showed up, Nick would kill him, which would provoke Cycle, Ardum's company.

That meant that working would become many times more dangerous and that every employee would become a target.

While it was illegal to kill a Zephyx Extractor, nobody really investigated these things unless they happened in the middle of the day in the middle of the street.

Surprisingly, Jenny and Trevor had no complaints.

Dark Dream had taken them out of the Dregs, and they were willing to do anything for it!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 140 140 – Waiting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For the next couple of days, Nick went to sleep directly after training and stood up deep in the night.

Then, for the first couple of hours after waking up, Nick waited on top of a neighboring building while watching Dark Dream's warehouse.

It was finally time.

Wars and conflicts between Manufacturers could happen for any reason.

Sometimes, it was as major as an assassination, but other times, it was simply because one Extractor looked at another one with shifty eyes.

But most of the time, it was simply small things that spiraled out of control.

In a certain way, there was no enmity between Cycle and Dark Dream.

Both of them were just working on their Specters.

It was just that Ardum had acted like an asshole towards Wyntor, but to be fair, Wyntor acted like an asshole back.

And then came the entire spy business.

Under normal circumstances, something like this would be easily resolved by confronting the other Manufacturer and demanding payment from them.

The other Manufacturer would apologize deeply, say that this was an order given by a rogue manager, and pull all members back.

Of course, that was a lie, but that didn't matter.

In the political game, only the surface counted.

As long as there was no concrete proof, the public wouldn't be happy with seeing one Manufacturer attacking another.

Additionally, when it came to big Manufacturers with over a hundred employees, it was also important that everyone perceived themselves to be fighting a defensive war.

The other company was the one antagonizing and attacking them!

They were just defending themselves!

But if a Manufacturer ordered their Extractors to attack someone they perceive to be innocent, things could become very troublesome.

One had to remember that these were companies, not countries.

These were employees, not soldiers.

If a Manufacturer decided to act like a tyrant that attacked any other Manufacturer just for existing, many of their Extractors would quit and join another Manufacturer.

Because of that, it was important to show proof that going against another Manufacturer was justified.

In a way, this also counted for Dark Dream.

If Wyntor just randomly ordered Jenny to assassinate the wife of some Extractor, things would become very troublesome.

Maybe, Jenny would even run to the wife and tell her everything.

After that, the other company would take her with them.

Wyntor would demand them to hand her over while denying everything, but they would keep protecting Jenny and making her one of their employees.

Giving assassination orders was always very risky without being able to provide a very compelling reason.

Luckily, Dark Dream had their reason.

All three Extractors had seen how much of an asshole Ardum was, which was already more than enough for them.

Then that entire thing with Pator appeared, and now, there was even another spy.

Wyntor didn't need to fear his employees abandoning ship.

They were all unified against Cycle.

But what about Cycle?

They had six Newbies and two Johns, including Ardum, and only Ardum had ever come into direct contact with Dark Dream.

Their spy had also seen Dark Dream, but they had not come into contact with them.

The remaining six employees had never seen anyone from Dark Dream.

What if a war suddenly broke out between these two Manufacturers?

Well, without a good reason, Ardum's employees wouldn't feel great risking their lives fighting some random people they had never heard of.

This meant that Ardum would need some time to prepare a good lie to get their people to follow him into war.

If he didn't have one, some of his employees might transfer to Dark Dream.

'From what Wyntor said, Ardum probably doesn't expect his spy to die,' Nick thought as he watched the ceiling of Dark Dream from a neighboring house.

'Ardum is too arrogant and thinks he has everything under control.'

However, Nick was still a bit skeptical.

After all, while Wyntor was extremely intelligent, he could also be wrong sometimes.

What if Ardum just acted like a dumbass to fool Wyntor into lowering his guard?

'For now, it doesn't matter. Wyntor is the CEO, and I just have to trust in him. I just have to wait for the spy to appear.'

The spy had been coming fewer and fewer times.

They were probably cautious due to the guards that Wyntor had hired.

'I wonder what they are even looking for,' Nick thought. 'I don't see what Ardum would gain from looking into our warehouse after so long.'

'I mean, I get it in the beginning since he probably just wanted to know what it looked like, but what's the point of keeping watch? He's seen everything already,' Nick thought as he scratched the back of his head.

'Is there a different reason for sending the spy?'

'What if they are actually not a spy?'

'I mean, I've never seen them. I just feel their presence from time to time.'

Nick kept thinking about that for a while, but in the end, he just shrugged.

'It's Wyntor's problem, not mine. I just need to deal with the spy.'

A couple hours passed.

Nick was extremely bored.

'Oh?' Nick thought as his body stiffened.

Nick just saw something white silently landing on the roof of Dark Dream.

It was shortly before 5 a.m. at this moment, which was when the shift of the guards changed.

One could say it was the perfect opportunity for someone to do something.

Nick took out a pair of binoculars that Wyntor had given him and looked at the white thing on top of Dark Dream.

'Someone wearing a white cloak,' Nick thought.

The person on top of Dark Dream wore a white cloak that made it difficult to see them under the constant light of the sun.

Then, Nick saw the person fidgeting around with something, but he couldn't see exactly what it was due to the huge cloak.

'Well, whatever it is, it can't be good.'

Nick took a deep breath.

He didn't look forward to it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 141 141 – Investigation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The building Nick was on was quite a bit higher than Dark Dream, which made it quite easy for Nick to see the person in the white cloak but difficult the other way around.

At this moment, the person on top of Dark Dream was taking out a white bottle with some green stuff in it, and they were slowly and silently opening it.

Then, they moved closer to one of the holes, which was above one of the spots where the next shift of guards would stand.

Now, they only needed to-

Crack! BANG!

The person suddenly heard a huge crack appear behind them before hearing the loud sound of something heavy hitting something below them.

With shocked eyes, the person saw the guards inside Dark Dream looking at the ceiling of the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

At this moment, the person looked with shocked eyes at the red mark on top of the Containment Unit.

It almost looked like something had once been there, but the person didn't remember anything being there.

That was when they noticed the guards pointing at one of the walls inside Dark Dream.

There was a silver spear with big red streaks stuck in the wall!

The spy had no idea what was going on, but their heart rate shot up.

'I have to go!' they thought urgently as they stood up.

"Argh, what?" a female voice spoke as the person felt like their legs were not listening to them anymore.

At the same time, they suddenly started to feel a terrifyingly sharp pain arriving.

'My back!' the person thought in terror.

Splash.

At that moment, a long piece from an intestine landed in the middle of Dark Dream.

That was when the person realized what had happened.

Their body bent to the side, and they looked at their abdomen.

It was like they had entered a nightmare.

There was a huge hole in their abdomen!

That spear!

Wait, had that spear caused that hole?!

Then, the person remembered that the Chief Zephyx Extractor of Dark Dream was always walking around with some spears.

And that spear with the red streaks looked exactly like one of his spears.

Except for the red streaks. They were new.

A couple of seconds ago, Nick had thrown the spear at the person.

He wanted to nail them to the ceiling of Dark Dream, but he had overestimated the ceiling's durability.

In the end, his spear shot through the person's body, bounced off the Dreamer's Containment Unit, and got stuck in the walls.

"Sto- argh!" the person shouted, but they couldn't finish their words since they suddenly started coughing.

At the same time, they looked around to search for the attacker.

BANG!

And then, their nose vanished after a streak of silver entered the person's face where their nose had just been.

The person quickly started to convulse.

The roof behind them had several pieces of brain matter scattered across it.

A silver and red spear was stuck in the walls of a higher building behind them.

From a distance, Nick took a deep breath and sighed as he watched the person in white convulsing violently on the roof of Dark Dream.

The next moment, the guards started to run out of Dark Dream as they climbed the side of the building to get to whoever was on the roof.

"It's just me!" Nick shouted from the higher building.

The guards looked over and spotted Nick in surprise.

"What's going on?" one of them asked with a shout.

"I'll explain later," Nick answered. "The spear came from me. The danger has been dealt with."

The guards looked at each other.

After some seconds, they nodded.

"Okay, we're going inside!" one of them shouted.

Then, the guards went back into Dark Dream.

Meanwhile, Nick leaped off the building and went to retrieve the spear that was stuck in the wall behind the person.

'I can get the other one later. It's inside Dark Dream anyway,' Nick thought as he walked over to the person lying on the roof.

By now, their convulsing had lost a lot of power.

There was a big hole going through the spot below their sternum and one going through the spot where their nose had been.

The spears had done a lot of damage.

When Nick saw the effects of his spears from such a close range, he sighed.

Nick was used to seeing the people he killed with broken necks.

Seeing them with these holes almost made it feel like it hadn't been Nick who had killed them.

It was so different.

It was so distant.

Nick ripped the white cloak off the person and looked at them.

'Sure enough, she's from Cycle,' Nick thought as he saw the standard Zephyx Extractor uniform with the emblem of Cycle on the corpse.

The person in front of Nick was a woman with turquoise hair and blue eyes. Her eyelashes were long, and she was quite slim.

Nick sighed again.

'She looks like a nice person,' he thought.

After that, Nick looked at the glass jar that the woman had dropped.

The green stuff inside the glass jar had partially spilled out, and Nick carefully put the green stuff back into the glass jar while making sure that he didn't touch any of it with his bare hands.

After putting the lid back onto the glass jar, Nick carefully put it to the side while continuing to inspect the corpse.

A couple of credits.

A banking card.

Some random personal belongings.

'Oh?' Nick thought as he saw three small and black balls. 'Those look unusual.'

'Probably some kind of weapon.'

Nick carefully put those to the side as well and continued inspecting the corpse.

Sadly, that was everything that seemed relevant or suspicious.

Nick could only sigh. 'Of course, people only have written orders and such stuff on them in stories.'

After looking through everything, Nick grabbed the corpse and moved it into the building.

He would wait for Wyntor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 142 142 – Green Powder
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Just when Nick was retrieving his second spear from the wall, the door to the Dreamer's Containment Unit opened, and Trevor walked out.

Nick blinked a couple of times in surprise.

Usually, Trevor didn't wake up on his own.

"Does anyone know what's going on?" Trevor asked with a shout as he searched for the guards.

Then, he found Nick. "Oh, Nick. You're here already?" he asked.

Nick nodded as he put the bloody spear onto his back.

The next moment, Trevor noticed the corpse in the middle of the warehouse.

When Trevor saw the face of the corpse, he flinched.

That hole in the middle looked brutal.

It was like a huge object had shot through it at incredible speeds, which was probably what happened.

Trevor quickly realized that it had probably been one of Nick's spears, which shocked him quite a bit.

Trevor was not dumb, and he could tell how much force something like a spear needed to shoot through an Extractor's skull like it was paper.

He knew that he could deal a lot of damage with his own convertable spear, but he couldn't do something like that.

His opponents were made of actual matter, while the holes looked like the spear didn't distinguish between an Extractor's body and air.

How much power could Nick unleash?!

'That's probably due to his ability,' Trevor thought.

Trevor and Jenny still didn't know what kind of ability Nick had, which meant that they could only guess.

At least now, they knew that Nick's ability was useful for direct combat.

Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to unleash so much power.

"What happened?" Nick asked as he jumped down from one of the scaffoldings.

"That's what I wanted to ask," Trevor answered. "I suddenly woke up and found the Dreamer in the corner of the Containment Unit, looking at the ceiling."

"I found the spy and threw my spear at her," Nick said. "The spear passed through her and bounced off the Dreamer's Containment Unit. It probably got startled by the loud sound."

"Oh, okay," Trevor said, looking at the corpse. "Should I go back in?"

"No, it's okay," Nick said. "You can go home earlier today."

Trevor nodded. "Sure. Please, tell me if anything comes of this, okay?"

"Of course," Nick said with a nod.

"Then, have fun at work," Trevor said before throwing another glance at the corpse and leaving.

"Thanks," Nick answered absentmindedly.

A moment later, Nick opened the door to the Dreamer's Containment Unit but didn't enter.

In the corner of the room, the Dreamer just looked at Nick with its dead eyes.

"I accidentally hit your room with this spear," Nick said, showing the bloody spear. "Sorry for disturbing you. I'll come to you in a couple of hours, okay?"

The Dreamer just looked at Nick.

It didn't answer.

"Of course," Nick said before closing the door again.

Then, Nick leaned on one of the walls and waited for Wyntor.

"Excuse me, Nick?"

Nick looked over as two of the guards approached.

The third one was keeping a lookout from above.

"Hm?" Nick uttered.

"What happened?" the guard asked.

"That's a spy," Nick said, pointing at the corpse. "She was on the roof, fidgeting with this glass jar above one of your guys' locations."

The two guards took deep breaths.

This meant that they had been the targets of something.

"May I take a look?" one of the guards asked as he took out a small box.

"Sure," Nick answered with a shrug.

Next, the guard opened the small box, revealing several small bottles and vials.

Nick watched with raised eyebrows as the guard very carefully removed some of the green stuff in the glass jar and put it into one of the vials.

While the first guard was performing some tests on the green stuff, the other guard looked at the three black balls beside the corpse.

Nick gestured that the guard could take a look, and the guard inspected one of the black balls.

"Nick, I know what this is," the second guard said.

"Oh? What is it?" Nick asked, approaching the guard with the black balls.

The guard showed Nick a small engraving on the black ball and the sigil of a cute ghost.

"It's a weapon produced by Ghosty's Lab," the guard said.

"What kind of weapon?" Nick asked.

"A smoke bomb," the guard said. "It has no offensive purpose and is almost exclusively used to flee from a battle."

"One of them is about 5,000 credits."

Nick furrowed his brows and nodded.

It made sense that a spy would have something like that.

'Maybe I should get a couple of these?' Nick thought.

"Thanks," Nick said.

The guard nodded and put the black balls back to the side.

The second guard went back to his post while the first one continued experimenting with the green powder.

Nick just waited.

Eventually, Nick saw the entrance to Dark Dream open, and Wyntor walked in.

When Wyntor saw the corpse, he raised an eyebrow. "I presume that's the one?" he asked.

Nick nodded. "Yep. She landed on our roof and was sprinkling that green stuff into the warehouse. Or, at least, she wanted to. She didn't have the opportunity."

Wyntor nodded as he approached the corpse.

When he saw the corpse's face, his eyes didn't show any reaction.

They just remained cold.

"Sir," the guard experimenting on the green stuff spoke politely in greeting.

Wyntor nodded. "You're analyzing the green powder?" he asked as he scratched his chin.

His furrowed brows showed that he was confused or skeptical about something.

"Yes, sir. I'm nearly done. I am basically already certain what it is, but I want to rule out all other possibilities," the guard said.

"I also am pretty sure about what it is," Wyntor said.

"Oh, you know what it is?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded but didn't say anything.

The two of them waited for the guard's analysis to finish.

The guard stood up and put his little box away.

"I'm almost certain that this is some sort of healing powder."

Nick's eyebrows shot up.

At the side, Wyntor nodded. "That's what I suspected."

This confused Nick a lot.

Healing powder?

Why?

Why would the spy sprinkle that into Dark Dream?

"What does that mean?" Nick asked.

Wyntor took a deep breath through his nose.

He didn't seem happy at all.

"It means that Ardum got us."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 143 143 – A Meeting
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Books, reports, and several different kinds of office supplies lay on a table in the middle of quite a sizable meeting room.

The table was big and was able to accommodate around 20 people.

Just like with any other building in the Outer City, the walls were made of shiny metal, but the metal this building was made of was even stronger than normal.

It was made of actual steel.

No normal person could possibly break one of the walls down without using extremely powerful tools.

Inside the biggest meeting room of the building, seven people sat around the huge table.

Two young women sat on one side of the table.

One of them had brown hair and chatted animatedly with the girl beside her.

There were two pistols adorning her waist, and she wore the standard uniform for a Zephyx Extractor.

The emblem on the uniform was an arrow going in a circle.

This was Cycle's emblem.

Beside the young woman with the guns sat a taller woman who looked about ten years older but was, in fact, only around four years older.

This woman had a bald head and had quite big arms. On her back was a massive staff made of pure steel with one massive round ball at each end of the staff.

While the young woman was talking animatedly to the older one, the older one just listened like she didn't care.

But that didn't mean that she actually didn't care.

In fact, those two were best friends.

Just like the younger one, the older one wore the standard uniform for Zephyx Extractors.

It was obvious who these two were.

Those two were Newbies from Cycle.

Besides the bigger woman sat a short and slender man with black hair and sharp eyebrows.

The man didn't talk with anyone else on the table and just waited.

There was no weapon visible on him, and he wore the same uniform as the former two Extractors, signifying that he also was a Newbie belonging to Cycle.

At the other side of the table was a young man with red hair who was moving back and forth on his chair to keep it balanced on its two back legs.

The guy put his knees on the edge of the table but didn't dare to put his legs on it due to the presence of more powerful people than him.

There was also no visible weapon on him, and he wore the same uniform as the others, showing that he was a Newbie belonging to Cycle.

Besides the red-headed guy was another man.

This one looked to be in his young thirties, and he had long and rough brown hair.

On top of that, he was over 190 centimeters tall with quite a bit of muscle, creating quite an intimidating presence.

On his back was a long sword, and just like the others, this one also wore the uniform of a Newbie belonging to Cycle.

However, the way everyone was acting around him showed that he had a slightly higher position than the other Newbies since they avoided looking at him without a good reason.

The last person in the room was the one at the head of the table.

It was a tall and very fat man with an eyepatch.

The guy probably weighed over 200 kilos, which was quite unusual for Zephyx Extractors. After all, Extractors tended to do a lot of manual labor and fighting, which kept their bodies healthy and athletic.

Of course, there were also people who looked fat but were actually healthy and athletic, but this guy did not belong to those.

In a way, his round shape made him look a bit like a panda, and his eyepatch made him look a bit like a pirate.

A panda that was also a pirate sure was an interesting mental image.

On the panda-man's back was a long rifle that had several attachments on it.

The panda man was looking at the people in the meeting room, and everyone looked back.

Compared to the others, the panda-man had two interlocking arrows on him.

This signified that he was a level two Extractor.

A John.

"Are we waiting for the boss?" the big and serious man with the long sword asked the panda man.

The panda man nodded with a polite smile. "He should be here soon. He was the one that called in the meeting."

"What's this even about?" the red-haired man asked with annoyance as his chair tilted back and forth. "I wanna get back to work."

"Jonathan," the panda man said, "this is more important than working right now. Also, you are getting paid by the hour. So, it doesn't matter whether you are working or not right now since you're still getting paid."

The red-haired man, Jonathan, just rolled his eyes, shrugged, and went back to tilting on his chair.

"By the way, where's Sarah?" the young woman with the pistols and the brown hair asked the panda man.

"She's not coming to this meeting, Kiara," the panda man said.

Kiara, the young woman with the pistols, raised an eyebrow. "Why not?"

The panda-man sighed. "We'll talk about it later."

"Is all of this related to Sarah?" the bald woman asked with a serious voice.

"Let's all just take a step back," the panda man said with his arms raised like someone was about to attack him. "The meeting has not even started. Just calm down and wait for the boss."

The two women looked with skepticism at the panda man.

Surprisingly, they looked at the panda man with less respect than when they were looking at the serious and tall man with the long sword on his back.

The fact that the panda-man was the Chief Zephyx Extractor of Cycle, and therefore their boss, didn't make a difference.

The black-haired man remained silent and waited with his eyes closed.

The two women continued talking in whispers, but it was mostly the younger one who talked while the older one listened.

Finally, a couple minutes later, the doors opened, and Ardum walked in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 144 144 – Sarah’s Death
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Ardum entered the meeting room, everyone else stopped what they were doing and sat in their chairs silently.

The strong reaction of the room showed the deep respect everyone held for Ardum.

Ardum looked at everyone and nodded once with a serious expression, which was unusual since Ardum was mostly rather casual with everyone.

While Ardum was sitting down, everyone showed different reactions.

The young woman looked worried.

The older woman and the tall man furrowed their brows.

The red-haired man and the black-haired man showed interest.

The panda man sighed.

After sitting down, Ardum sighed.

"As some of you know, I have a younger brother called Wyntor," Ardum started.

Some of the people nodded.

"Just like me, he's currently going through that entire potential heir thing, but compared to me, he's having more issues."

Ardum sighed again.

"I always doted on him, but his towering pride made it impossible for him to accept even a little bit of help from me."

Some of the present people frowned.

They thought that Ardum was talking too nicely about his brother.

Many of them had talked to Ardum about his brother in the past, and while Ardum always tried his best not to talk badly about him, he always hesitated when it came to talking about his brother's bad aspects.

Obviously, Ardum was simply too nice to say anything bad about his little brother, even though it seemed more than appropriate.

Ardum released a bitter chuckle. "I noticed that he wasn't very careful with his Extractors recently."

"His Extractors showed signs of constantly being tired and disoriented. Obviously, that's because of their main Specter, the Dreamer."

"I think their Chief Zephyx Extractor is telling his employees to use their working time with the Dreamer as their resting period. After all, they are sleeping, right? Why would they still need to sleep after sleeping in front of the Dreamer for so long?" Ardum said with a sigh.

The others didn't show any reactions, but the change in the atmosphere showed everyone's opinion.

It was idiotic.

Working with a Specter could and should never be viewed as resting time.

"But due to my brother's very healthy self-confidence, I doubt that he would have accepted any of my advice."

Ardum sighed once again.

"Which was why I made a very foolish and selfish decision."

The two women looked at Ardum with sympathy.

Ardum was always so hard on himself.

"I thought I could help my little brother's employees by sprinkling some Restoration Dust into their company in secret."

This increased the curiosity of everyone present.

That was an unusual course of action.

But it would work.

And it also wouldn't tarnish Wyntor's image in front of his employees.

Sure, it was unusual, but it was also effective.

Ardum took a shaky breath.

"I had Sarah take care of that," he said.

Immediately, the atmosphere in the room tensed up several degrees.

The present people were not na?ve children.

They could see what was coming, and they did not look forward to it.

At all!

"Tell me she's still alive!" Kiara, the young woman, shouted with nervousness and anger as she jumped up from her chair.

A moment later, the older woman pulled Kiara back into her chair, but her expression showed a tremendous amount of suppressed rage.

The panda man looked to the side.

The huge man's brows furrowed.

Jonathan's brows rose in surprise.

Everyone was looking at Ardum intensely.

Several seconds of silence passed.

"Sarah didn't report back," Ardum quietly spoke.

"She was supposed to report to me yesterday morning."

"Her husband said that she didn't come home."

"I can only assume that she is no longer with us."

Silence.

Stunned silence.

Sarah?

Dead?

Sarah's image shot through everyone's mind.

She had always been smiling.

She had always been the happiest and friendliest member of Cycle.

She had always taught two of the present people about how to work with Cycle's Specters.

While she had only been a normal employee like everyone else, she had somehow always been at the center, talking to everyone.

Due to her ideology, she had even refused to train in any offensive weapon, and she had only trained in stealth and running away.

And someone as kind as she had been killed?!

How?!

Why?!

This was unfair!

This was so unfair!

"Who was it?" the man with black hair asked emotionlessly.

Ardum looked at the young man.

The young man looked back.

For just a moment, the two of them looked at each other.

"I can't be entirely sure," Ardum said, "but I assume it was one of Dark Dream's three Zephyx Extractors. Most likely their Chief Zephyx Extractor."

Ardum furrowed his brows and gazed at the table.

"He has been seen carrying corpses into Dark Dream several times already."

The image of a cold, ruthless, and cruel man holding Sarah by her throat appeared in everyone's minds.

The rage and hatred in the atmosphere intensified.

"How are we going to get justice for Sarah?" the bald woman asked with suppressed rage.

BANG!

A part of the huge table broke due to Jonathan hitting it with his fist.

"Justice?!" Jonathan shouted in absolute rage.

"Revenge!"

"How do we get revenge for her?!" Jonathan corrected.

The bald woman looked at Jonathan.

Those two rarely saw eye to eye, but that didn't matter right now.

"Revenge, then," she echoed.

Everyone turned to look at Ardum.

Ardum had a troubled expression on his face. "We don't know whether or not it truly was one of Wyntor's employees," he said.

"For now, I just need your cooperation and help."

"If this situation is not handled correctly, this might turn into an actual war, which would mean even more deaths for us."

"We can't make any hasty decisions," Ardum explained.

"I doubt it," the huge man said with a neutral voice. "They have three Newbies. We have six-, five Newbies and two Johns. They won't dare to start a war with us."

Ardum looked at the huge man for a while.

"Maybe you're right," he said, "but I still need all of your cooperation."

"I want to hold a meeting with Wyntor to address this issue, but I want it to be public between our companies."

"Because of that, I would like to ask a couple of you to accompany me to the meeting."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 145 145 – Brothers Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Five people were walking through the streets of the Outer City.

All the citizens that saw them stepped to the side in awe.

Five Zephyx Extractors!

In front of the group was the panda man.

Behind him was the huge man with the long sword, the bald woman with the big staff, and the young woman with the two guns.

Behind the three of them was Ardum.

In this position, the five of them walked through the Outer City.

Today would be the official meeting between Dark Dream and Cycle.

In order to minimize the risk of one party suddenly attacking the other, the meeting was to be held in a restaurant near the busiest street of the Outer City.

After a while of walking, the five of them arrived at the restaurant and sat down at their assigned table.

They had reserved the biggest table in the restaurant, and all five of them sat on one side.

Ardum was in the center with the panda man beside him.

The other Extractors sat beside them.

The rage from the meeting from two days ago had not vanished.

Instead, it had only turned into cold determination.

Ardum looked troubled and serious.

The panda man looked troubled.

The huge man and the bald woman looked serious.

The young woman looked like she was suppressing a mountain of rage.

None of them said anything as they waited.

For over ten minutes, they waited, their anger only increasing.

The meeting was supposed to be held at ten a.m., and it was already 9:59 a.m.

This showed that Dark Dream didn't take this seriously!

Finally, a minute later, four people entered the restaurant and walked up to Cycle.

In the front was a young man with light-brown hair, wearing a luxurious suit.

Behind him were three Zephyx Extractors.

The leftmost one was an imposing tall man.

The rightmost one was a beautiful woman with a long rifle that radiated danger.

In the middle was a young man with a powerful body and three silver spears on his back.

However, the huge man and the panda man noticed the silver glint on the man's legs, which told them that the spears were not his only weapons.

Without saying anything, Wyntor sat down on the seat in front of Ardum.

Nick sat down in the seat in front of the huge man.

Trevor sat down in front of the young woman.

Jenny sat down in front of the bald woman.

No one sat in front of the panda man.

Wyntor took a breath.

"What do you want, Ardum?" he asked in a tone that made it seem like Ardum was bothering him with something unimportant.

Kiara nearly exploded with anger when she heard Wyntor's tone.

Ardum took a deep breath.

"Wyntor, one of my Extractors has not returned to work," he said carefully. "Do you know anything about this?"

Wyntor looked with boredom at Ardum. "So, you want to play this game openly?"

Ardum furrowed his brows.

"Just answer the question," he said.

Wyntor looked at Ardum.

Then, he looked at Ardum's Zephyx Extractors, who looked back with stalwart eyes.

Eventually, Wyntor's eyes turned back to look at Ardum.

His expression was very relaxed and unimpressed.

"Your spy," Wyntor said.

Then, he gestured to Nick.

"Nick killed her."

The atmosphere intensified.

Kiara seemed like she was about to jump forward and kill Wyntor.

Selina, the bald woman, narrowed her eyes at Nick.

The huge man became more serious, and the panda man looked troubled.

"She was not a spy!" Kiara shouted as she shot up from her chair.

"Sarah was there to help you because you are too stupid to run your own company!" she shouted in anger as she pointed to Wyntor's face.

This time, Selina didn't pull her back.

"Kiara! Sit down!" the huge man commanded with a deep voice.

"Why should I?!" Kiara shouted. "Sarah died because he is too stupid to take care of his own employees."

At that moment, Jenny furrowed her brows.

"Don't throw accusations when you have no idea what you are talking about. Sit back down, kid," Jenny said.

Kiara glared at Jenny.

"Ardum, this is an official meeting," Wyntor said evenly. "Please tell your people to remain civil."

Ardum took a deep breath.

At that point, Selina pulled Kiara back to her chair.

"I'm sorry," Ardum said with suppressed rage. "Sarah was a friend to all of us. It won't happen again."

Ardum's submissive tone enraged Kiara and Selina.

Why did Ardum always have to suffer because of them?!

"I don't see the issue," Wyntor said casually. "You sent a spy. We got rid of the spy. It happens every day."

"Usually, you are supposed to deny that the spy belonged to you, and we would continue our covert battle."

"But now, you want all of this to become public, which is idiotic."

The four Zephyx Extractors of Cycle listened to Wyntor with suppressed rage.

"Ardum, we both learned about the business of harvesting Zephyx from our father. We know how these things go."

"By going public with all of this and unveiling everything, you're being dumb."

"Wyntor," Ardum interrupted, "this is not about my company. This is about one of my friends."

"Is it not?" Wyntor asked. "Why else would you go public?"

"If this were truly about your friend, you would silently send someone to sabotage Dark Dream."

"By making this public, you are making it more difficult for yourself to go against me since there is now a public record of friction between us. If any of my people die, you will be the prime suspect."

"You actively made it harder to take your revenge by doing this," Wyntor said.

"This is not about revenge," Ardum said with a forceful and dark voice. "I want there to be justice. I want this to be solved aboveboard. I don't want to fight you in the dark."

"You're my brother," Ardum added.

"Brother," Wyntor repeated with an unimpressed tone.

"Which brother sends a twelve-year-old spy to his fourteen-year-old brother?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 146 146 – Nick’s Advice
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The two women of Cycle furrowed their brows.

A twelve-year-old spy?

"I already told you that Pator wasn't a spy," Ardum said with a very dark voice. "He was simply a friend of mine, and the fact that I didn't already do something to you after you sent his head to me is more than you deserve!"

His head?!

At that moment, Kiara, Selina, and the tall man imagined the horrifying sight of a child's head appearing in front of Ardum.

And Wyntor had done that?!

It seemed like Wyntor was even worse than what everyone had believed!

"Spies get killed," Wyntor said calmly. "It's how it has always been and how it will continue to be."

"Yet, despite knowing all of this, you sent another one. It seems more like you were the one that wanted to kill your employee."

"When you send someone into a rabid dog's turf, you can't act surprised when they never return."

"Sarah was not a spy!" Ardum shouted.

"Then, what was she?" Wyntor asked.

"She was supposed to covertly help your employees recover since you are working them to death!" Ardum said with suppressed rage.

"Covertly help my employees recover," Wyntor repeated with a voice that was the epitome of not buying it.

"Yes, because you keep overworking them!" Ardum shouted.

"Let me repeat that," Wyntor said. "You sent someone to help my employees recover in secret, right?"

Ardum took a deep breath. "Yes. It was a stupid idea."

Wyntor looked at Ardum.

"After I sent the head of a 14-year-old boy, who was allegedly your friend, to your home address," Wyntor said.

"After I did that, you still wanted to help me."

"By sending someone to silently sprinkle Recovery Dust into my building during the dead of the night."

"When almost no employees are present."

"Did I get that right?" Wyntor asked.

Ardum glared at Wyntor.

"It was her idea," he said.

"And now, it's suddenly her idea," Wyntor said. "Why would she care?"

"Aside from the point that my employees are as healthy as can be, why would she want to do that?"

"Wasn't she busy with her own work?"

"Even more, we all know that my employees get more than enough rest. So, why would one of your Extractors appear in the dead of night to help my rested and healthy employees recover?"

Ardum gritted his teeth. "Because I told her how important you were to me."

"You're avoiding the question," Wyntor said.

"This is not about being right or wrong, Wyntor!" Ardum shouted. "This is about you killing someone innocent!"

"She was on my property without my consent," Wyntor said. "I am free to kill her. The guards won't care."

"Do you even hear yourself speak?!" Ardum shouted in outrage.

"Free to kill. Property. You're talking like Sarah was just a number! A tool!"

Wyntor just looked at Ardum with a deadpan expression.

"She was a stranger," he said. "Why should I care if some random stranger dies?"

"Compared to you, I don't need to fake empathy. I have plenty of that for the people I trust."

"You're avoiding the topic!" Ardum shouted. "This is about Sarah, not me or you! What are you going to do to rectify this injustice?!"

"You sent a spy. I killed a spy. That's it," Wyntor said. "Send someone else. I kill someone else."

Silence.

By now, Kiara was more than furious, but Selina kept her in check.

Selina was also furious, but she also looked at the Zephyx Extractors of Dark Dream.

None of them showed any surprise about Wyntor's conduct.

Wyntor was talking about killing people as if it were the most normal thing on the planet, and none of his Extractors seemed to be surprised.

This was strange.

Were all three of Wyntor's Extractors just as monstrous as Wyntor himself?

If Ardum talked like that, everyone in Cycle would be shocked.

Was Dark Dream truly filled with psychopaths?!

The name seemed fitting…

"You're not going to do anything?" Ardum asked with a dark voice.

"No," Wyntor answered.

Silence.

A moment later, Ardum looked at Wyntor's Zephyx Extractors.

"This does not concern you," he said. "This is a fight between my brother and I."

"You have all seen what kind of person he is."

"I implore you."

"Don't get involved in this."

"I don't want anything to happen to you."

Nick looked at Ardum.

"Go fuck yourself."

This took Trevor and Jenny by surprise, and they looked over at Nick.

Even Wyntor was a bit surprised.

"What?" Nick asked after seeing their expressions. "This is a fight, right? What's so bad about throwing an insult?"

In the end, Trevor just chuckled while Jenny put her hands over her eyes in embarrassment.

Wyntor looked at Nick and then at the shocked Ardum.

"Yes, that," Wyntor said.

"How dare you!" Kiara shouted as she shot up from her chair. "You told me to sit down, but now you are insulting our boss!"

"Hey, he was the one that addressed me first with that sermon," Nick said with a shrug.

"I just wanted to repay his piece of advice with an equally valuable piece of advice."

At that point, Nick stood up. "Blah, blah, blah," he said with annoyance. "We are all going to kill each other anyway. What's the point of acting all offended now?"

When Jenny and Trevor saw Nick stand up, they also stood up to show their support.

"In the end, this is all about money. Who gives a shit?"

"Anyway, I got work to do. See ya!" Nick said as he turned to walk away.

Jenny and Trevor wordlessly followed him.

Ardum's Zephyx Extractors looked with pure shock at Nick.

Wyntor just smiled, shrugged, and also stood up.

"What he said."

Then, Wyntor turned around to leave.

The Extractors from Cycle almost exploded with rage.

"Are you sure about this, Wyntor?" Ardum asked with a dark voice.

"You do know that the first victim of this will be the spy you planted in my company, right?" Ardum asked.

Wyntor shrugged.

"Go kill them then."

And then, Wyntor walked out of the restaurant behind his employees.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 147 147 – Trickery
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

All members of Cycle were gathered in the meeting room.

At this moment, all of them were looking at someone sitting on the ground with a lowered head.

It was the silent black-haired man.

His name was Neron, and he had been one of Cycle's Newbies.

Yes, had been.

Kiara and Selina took deep breaths as they looked at Neron's corpse.

It was almost like Neron was still alive.

Neron had always been a silent man, but whenever he spoke up, his words proved to be invaluable.

He had been very intelligent and thorough whenever he dealt with something.

His weapon of choice had been a pair of daggers, and he had always been the one who took care of subtle but important missions.

If Cycle needed a spy, they would have chosen Neron for the mission.

But now, he was dead.

Ardum sat on the head of the table, and right now, he could only sigh.

"I'm sorry that you guys needed to see this, but there was no other way," he said with a serious voice.

Everyone turned to look at Ardum.

"It is not easy for me to kill someone, but as the CEO, it is part of my job and responsibility."

"I brought Neron's corpse in here to show you how cruel the life of Zephyx Extractors can be."

Ardum sighed. "I knew that Neron was a spy for three months now, but I didn't mind. After all, he belonged to my brother. What was so bad about my brother knowing some things about me? It's not like we are enemies."

Ardum sighed again.

"I would have never thought that things would turn out this way."

It was difficult for the employees to accept that another one of their colleagues had died.

Sadly, that was how these things went.

Just a week ago, Cycle had had eight people.

Now, there were only six left.

Ardum, the CEO.

Stephen, the panda-man, the Chief Zephyx Extractor.

Futuma, the huge man. He was also the most experienced and strongest of the Newbies. If nothing went wrong, he would soon become a John.

Selina, the bald woman with the staff.

Kiara, the young woman with the two pistols.

And Jonathan, the young red-headed man.

These six were all the members of Cycle that were still alive.

Sarah and Neron had died.

And it was all because of Dark Dream!

"We understand," Selina said with an emotionless tone as she threw a disregarding glance at Neron's corpse.

"Neron was never our friend."

"From the very beginning, he has been our enemy."

"We just didn't know it."

The others didn't answer, but they had similar sentiments.

Kiara nodded. "Yes, screw Neron, that traitor! I will always be on your side, Ardum!"

"Yeah, fuck Neron!" Jonathan shouted with righteous anger.

Futuma silently nodded.

Stephen turned to Ardum with a reassuring smile but didn't say anything.

Ardum could only smile when he saw everyone's support.

"Thank you. You can't imagine how much this means to me."

But then, Ardum sighed again. "But now, I have to plan a war, which I am not looking forward to."

The Newbies took the hint and nodded. "We will always follow you," Selina said before leaving with Kiara.

Jonathan showed Ardum a thumbs-up and left.

Futuma nodded with conviction to Stephen and Ardum before leaving.

When the door was closed, only Ardum and Stephen were left in the room.

After a bit, Ardum walked over to his seat, sat down, and put his legs on the table.

At the same time, an arrogant smirk appeared on his face.

Stephen also grinned maliciously as he sat down in his seat.

"Nearly there," Ardum said with a chuckle.

Stephen laughed. "You're amazing at this," he said. "If I didn't know you, I would also believe you."

Ardum snorted. "Of course. I'm a Melfion. It's only natural that I am good at fooling others."

While Ardum talked, Stephen glanced at the corpse in the corner and snorted. "What an idiot."

"What did you expect?" Ardum said with a chuckle. "He had to trust someone, and he just so happened to choose you."

"Do you know what he said to me?" Stephen asked.

Ardum just shook his head.

"He said that he thinks you are only playing with us so that we would voluntarily jump into a sea of knives for you."

Ardum laughed. "I mean, was he wrong?"

"No," Stephen answered with a chuckle.

"Forget him," Ardum said without even looking at the corpse. "He was too smart for his own good but not smart enough to keep his mouth shut."

"If he hadn't tried to expose me behind my back, he would still be alive."

Stephen nodded. "But seriously, Ardum, I'm quite impressed. You managed to get rid of the troublesome employee while also fortifying your standing in the company."

"Framing him as a spy was genius," Stephen said.

"Stop sucking up to me," Ardum said with disgust but couldn't completely hide a pleased tone.

At that point, Ardum furrowed his brows.

Wyntor's last words shot through Ardum's mind.

Wyntor never had a spy in Cycle, from what Ardum knew.

When Ardum told him that he would kill his spy, he was actually just trying to frame Neron.

Yet, despite all odds, Wyntor confirmed that he truly had a spy in Cycle.

And it almost definitely wasn't Neron.

After all, Neron had tried to expose Ardum by talking to the employees, which would be stupid for a spy.

A spy was supposed to remain hidden and seem loyal.

'Does Wyntor truly have a spy in my company?' Ardum thought.

Ardum glanced at Stephen.

'Impossible.'

"Stephen, I think it's about time for your next reward. You've been quite helpful," Ardum said.

At that point, Stephen's demeanor changed, and he looked with excitement at Ardum as his breathing quickened.

"You got one?" he asked while almost panting.

Ardum nodded and slid an emblem over the table.

"I found someone that was willing to sell one for only 35,000 credits."

"You can go get her."

Stephen panted heavily as he carefully took hold of the token.

In his mind, a small and cute girl smiled at him.

A moment later, that girl was no longer smiling.

Tears stained her face as she screamed in terror.

Stephen couldn't keep his thoughts in check and grabbed the front of his pants to calm the restless thing down.

"Don't use her up too quickly this time," Ardum said with annoyance. "I don't want to hear your complaints again because you are not able to keep your toys from breaking."

"Of course, sir!" Stephen said, changing the way he was addressing Ardum. "I won't disappoint you!"

Ardum nodded. "You can go. I will call you when I've finalized the plan of attack."

"Of course, of course!" Stephen said with an excited chuckle as he ran out of the room with excitement.

Finally, he got a new toy to play with!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 148 148 – Plan?
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"What's our plan?" Nick asked.

Right now, the four people of Dark Dream were gathered inside the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.

It was simply the best place for talking about things that nobody was allowed to listen to.

The Screaming Coffin was just lying near one of the walls and didn't move.

It was happily digesting its meal.

Surprisingly, it was still consuming the spy's corpse.

Apparently, the corpses of Extractors took far longer to digest and also gave far more Zephyx.

"We can't openly attack Ardum," Wyntor said. "Ardum has exposed our secret enmities, which makes it difficult when members of Cycle die."

"While the guards don't really care about wars between Manufacturers, they still perform a superficial and rudimentary investigation, and if we are too suspicious, they might even decide to permanently place someone in Dark Dream to supervise us."

"Naturally, no one wants that to happen. Not even Ardum."

Wyntor snorted. "But because Ardum acts all friendly and innocent in front of his employees, he has to act all shocked, emotional, and angry in front of them to get them on board with this entire conflict."

"If he didn't, his smarter employees might realize that some things don't add up and will become suspicious."

Wyntor snorted again. "Because of Ardum's incompetence, he made it more difficult for our companies to fight."

Nick chuckled a bit.

Trevor just smiled helplessly while Jenny looked worried.

"What about your spy?" Jenny asked with worry.

"What do you mean?" Wyntor asked.

Jenny furrowed her brows as she looked at Wyntor. "You said Ardum was free to kill the spy. Are you truly willing to throw one of your people away like that?"

"Oh, that?" Wyntor said before he started to laugh.

"I don't have a spy in Cycle," he said.

This surprised everyone.

"What? But then, how, why?" Nick asked in confusion.

"Ooohhh, I get it!" Trevor said with a surprised expression.

"What? Explain it!" Nick said with annoyance. "I also want to know!"

Jenny just looked with confusion at Trevor and the grinning Wyntor.

"Ardum wants to get rid of someone," Trevor said. "One of his employees probably became skeptical, and Ardum accused them of being a spy so that he could kill them. He tried something similar on me when we first met, remember?"

Jenny and Nick understood now and looked at Wyntor.

"But then, why did you confirm that there was a spy?" Nick asked.

"To make him paranoid," Trevor said.

Wyntor nodded. "Exactly."

"Ardum expected me to deny having a spy among his ranks, but instead of denying, I confirmed it and acted like it wasn't a big deal."

"That would make him believe that I truly have a spy in his company."

Wyntor grinned. "I can already imagine him looking with suspicion at all of his employees."

Nick and Jenny looked with awe at Wyntor.

That was amazing!

Wyntor had managed to disrupt Cycle's unity with a single sentence!

"We should get back to the topic," Wyntor said.

The others nodded.

"Wars like this are fought in secret, and it's all about reducing the enemy's numbers until they no longer have enough employees to take care of all their Specters."

"There will most likely not be a public battle. Most of the time, it's just a number of assassinations on the employees."

The three of them furrowed their brows.

This was troublesome.

"What about our families?" Jenny asked.

"Ardum will most likely use them," Wyntor said.

At that point, Jenny became nervous.

"What about my partner?" she asked.

"Get her to live in here," Wyntor said. "Nick and Trevor don't have any family, which makes things easier for them. We have more than enough space for one woman to live here."

"Although, you won't have a lot of privacy here."

Jenny nodded. "That's fine. As long as she and I are safe, I don't care about that."

"Then, get her right now," Wyntor said. "Ardum has to act like convincing himself to battle his younger brother is very difficult, which means he can't possibly strike this soon after our meeting."

"Okay," Jenny answered. "I'll get her."

Jenny quickly ran out of the Containment Unit, leaving the other three alone.

"Will we take the offensive?" Nick asked.

"I'm not sure," Wyntor answered. "There are good and bad things about these things."

"If we initiate the battle, Cycle's unity will only increase, but if we don't, they might strike with a force that makes it impossible for one of you to resist on your own."

Trevor and Nick furrowed their brows.

Traveling outside alone was dangerous now.

Even worse, their Barriers had to be activated manually. If they didn't activate them, it would be like throwing their lives away.

"Should we travel together when we leave?" Trevor asked.

"No," Wyntor said. "We always need two of you to be here. If too many of you leave at once, we leave our base open."

"While the guards will react very quickly, it only takes a short moment for a level two Extractor to damage the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit."

"If the Screaming Coffin gets startled and runs away, any Extractor on the streets is allowed to capture it. At that point, we will lose a great deal of our income."

Nick furrowed his brows.

That was troublesome.

"I think I should live here for the time being," Trevor said. "It doesn't really make that much of a difference."

"That would be for the better," Wyntor said.

Trevor nodded and stood up. "Then, I'll get my things right now."

"Of course."

Trevor also left the Containment Unit, leaving Nick and Wyntor inside.

"What about my training?" Nick asked.

"Dangerous," Wyntor said. "You have to go through relatively isolated places, which make for a great ambush point."

"While you will be safe during the training due to your teachers, you are vulnerable before and after training."

Nick looked at Wyntor with furrowed brows.

"But isn't that also an opportunity for us?" Nick asked.

Wyntor furrowed his brows and scratched his chin.

Then, a gleam appeared in his eyes.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 149 149 – Open
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick jumped from rooftop to rooftop.

He was on his way to Manela's training spot.

Nick was only carrying three of his spears with him.

He had already told Manela about his current situation, and she had allowed Nick to only travel with three of his spears.

Like this, he could still move around with quite a lot of agility.

As Nick jumped from rooftop to rooftop, he looked forward with narrowed eyes.

It had been several days since the meeting with Cycle.

Trevor and Jenny had already moved to the warehouse and remained inside most of the time.

The only one traveling around outside was Nick since he still wanted to train.

Of course, that drew the attention of certain people.

For example, right now, Nick's ability wasn't active, even though he had left for the training spot before Manela would be there.

This meant that someone was currently looking at Nick while he jumped from roof to roof.

Yesterday had been the same.

His ability only reactivated when he was close to the training spot.

Nick was sure that the person following him didn't dare to get too close to Manela.

They probably always remained at least two kilometers away from the training spot.

Sure enough, when Nick was closing in on the training spot, his ability reactivated.

Even when Nick stood alone on the roof of the tallest building, his ability didn't deactivate.

The person who was keeping watch over him didn't even dare to look at him while he was there.

'They don't even dare to look at me,' Nick thought with furrowed brows. 'Looking shouldn't hurt, right?'

'Are they this scared of Manela?'

Yes, they were.

What Nick didn't know was that yesterday, Manela had seen the person following Nick.

So, before she went to the training spot, she actually secretly arrived near that person and told them not to bother them while they were in the middle of training.

Otherwise, Nick wouldn't be able to focus on training.

They could attack Nick on his way to or back from the training area, but the training area itself was off-limits during training hours.

Naturally, Manela's appearance spooked the person to their very core, which was why they didn't dare to go anywhere close to the training spot or even look at it.

On the rooftop, Nick waited for a couple of minutes until Manela arrived.

Their training started without any delay and passed without any incidents.

After Manela left, Nick jumped down the tall building, but he didn't leave the training spot.

Instead, he went into the training spot.

With practiced ease, Nick arrived inside one of the houses that hadn't been destroyed yet.

Nick went to one of the corners and sat down.

The house had several holes through which sunlight could stream in, but none of the holes directly pointed at the corner Nick was sitting in.

This meant that the corner was a bit darker than the rest of the house.

"You're going to die."

A whisper appeared in Nick's ears.

"They're going to come for you."

"They're going to bury you in here."

Naturally, this was the Nightmare.

Luckily, the corner was not dark enough for the Nightmare to unleash its actual powers.

Right now, it could only whisper in Nick's ears and slightly distort his vision.

It wasn't dark enough to create illusions or to fool Nick's other senses.

"You're going to get killed."

"There will be many enemies."

"They are all looking at you."

Nick just remained sitting in the corner with his eyes closed.

Nick had been doing this for a couple of days.

He wanted to give his opponent a chance to attack him.

The place where Nick was sitting was only visible through the door of the house.

So, if someone saw him, they had to be looking at him through the door.

Naturally, Nick would be able to tell when somebody was looking at him due to his ability.

And when his ability deactivated, Nick would also know in which direction his opponent would be.

This would give him the best shot at winning against his opponent.

Sadly, nobody had shown up the last couple of days.

Either they were afraid of coming close to the training spot, or they knew that this was a trap.

Probably both.

The training spot was surrounded by taller buildings, which meant that any enemy had to be either inside the training spot or on one of the taller buildings near the edge.

This was Nick's turf, and he knew how to move around here.

Nick wanted the fight to happen in here, and his opponent most likely knew that.

But that actually wasn't so bad for Nick's enemy.

After all, they could position several people around the training spot.

They didn't have to fight Nick one-on-one.

If they wanted, they could surround the training spot and shoot at him from several different areas.

But it was a risk.

If they actually decided to fight here, this would turn into an actual battle and not an assassination.

That made it riskier.

Alternatively, they could just attack Nick on his way back to Dark Dream.

Or attack one of the other Extractors.

There were many ways one could go about this situation.

But for now, no way would be chosen.

After around an hour, Nick's ability still hadn't deactivated, and he was getting sick of listening to the whispers in the dark.

Nick left the house and climbed the tall house.

His ability still didn't deactivate.

'They're gone,' Nick thought.

So, Nick decided to travel back to Dark Dream.

Nothing peculiar happened.

The next day, Nick felt himself being followed again, but he wasn't attacked.

His training with Manela passed by without any incidents, and Nick once more entered the house in the training spot.

The whispers returned.

Minutes passed.

Would this be another hour of pointless waiting?

Nick waited in silence.

More minutes passed.

Suddenly, Nick opened his eyes.

His ability had just deactivated!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 150 150 – Sniper
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

BOOOM!

As soon as Nick's eyes shot open, he exploded forward with all of his power and ran out of the house.

His eyes quickly scanned over the training area, but he couldn't see anyone.

Whoever had just looked at him did it in a very covert manner.

Nevertheless, Nick could tell from roughly which location his enemy had seen him, and he charged in that direction.

Nick couldn't see anyone.

A moment later, Nick's ability reactivated, and he narrowed his eyes.

'They're retreating!' Nick thought. 'They turned their backs to me.'

'Bad idea!'

When Nick's ability reactivated, his speed became far faster.

Even with all of the weight of his weapons, Nick charged forward with incredible speed.

Nick's body was already very athletic and muscular, and thanks to his ability, his body was 25 times stronger than a normal person with his build would be.

BOOOM!

Nick put all of his power into a jump and managed to jump across half the training area, even with all of his weapons.

Nick flew over ten meters into the air and landed over 25 meters away.

Cling.

Yet, when Nick landed, he barely made a sound.

It was almost like a cat had landed on top of the building.

No sound, no vibrations, no damage.

It was like Nick didn't weigh anything.

The only unusual thing was that a strong gust of wind spread from Nick's location.

This was something Nick had learned from Manela in the last couple of months.

By using his Zephyx in a certain way, Nick could redirect the force when he was landing somewhere.

Mastering this ability took a long time, and when it was mastered, someone could move with as much speed as they wanted without making a sound.

Of course, Nick hadn't mastered the ability yet. The best he could do was to redirect the force into the air around him, pushing the air away with a lot of force.

Nevertheless, this ability was perfect for Nick since sounds also exposed his location and made him perceivable.

When Nick landed, he continued shooting forward with a mad gleam in his eyes.

The enemy was here!

He had to fight!

For his goal, he had to become stronger!

He had to protect his friends!

He had to prove that he wasn't just wasting time!

Nick needed to prove himself to himself.

He had to see how strong he had become!

With gnashed teeth and narrowed eyes, Nick jumped forward again, preparing a spear.

Nick still couldn't see any enemies.

Finally, Nick reached the edge of the arena and jumped onto the roof of quite a tall building.

Silently but quickly, Nick moved forward, looking into the distance.

A running person!

Someone wearing a black cloak was jumping from building to building.

Right now, they were only 30 meters away from Nick.

Nick had just moved way too fast for the enemy to have gotten far.

Immediately, Nick pulled his spear back.

He would obliterate them!

But then, Nick's eyes narrowed even more.

He moved his hand in a certain way, which activated his Barrier.

At the same time, he ducked and quickly stepped to the side.

SHING!

A moment later, the Barrier around Nick flickered a bit.

It hadn't been hit by anything, but something extremely fast had just passed by Nick, and the force from that object passing by the Barrier made it flicker.

BOOOM!

A moment later, Nick heard the sound of a high-caliber rifle.

Naturally, the sound of the rifle arrived after the projectile.

Nick looked at the retreating person and noticed that they had turned around only after the shot had been fired.

'More than one,' Nick thought.

The thing that had passed Nick just now had left a silver and green streak.

Nick was quite sure that it was a bullet, but he could also tell that this wasn't everything.

There was something else.

'An ability,' Nick realized.

Whoever had just shot at Nick had unleashed an ability with the bullet.

If Nick got hit by that, it would become extremely dangerous.

All of these thoughts shot through Nick's mind in an instant.

In fact, Nick didn't even pause after jumping to the side and quickly slid down the wall of the building.

From this position, Nick couldn't see the retreating person anymore.

Sure enough, a moment later, Nick's ability reactivated.

'Whoever shot at me can't see me from their location.'

DING!

Nick rammed one of his spears into the wall beside him to stop himself from falling.

His ability didn't deactivate.

'They're not close enough to hear my spear piercing the wall,' Nick concluded.

Nick looked forward into the distance.

'There's nobody in this direction,' Nick thought.

Then, Nick diagonally looked at the wall he was hanging from.

'They have to be somewhere there.'

Nick used a second spear and slowly moved forward by stabbing it also into the wall.

His ability was still active.

Nick slowly moved his head forward, coming closer and closer to the end of the wall.

The closer he got, the less the wall covered.

By now, Nick could see the place where the fleeing person from earlier had been.

Naturally, that person had vanished by now.

Nick moved his head forward after looking at the part that was revealed behind the wall.

His ability deactivated, and Nick immediately pulled his head back.

Without hesitation, Nick immediately jumped off his spear.

CRACK!

The wall got destroyed as it couldn't withstand the force of Nick jumping off the spear.

BANG!

Another part of the wall exploded as something shot through it.

Just as expected, the enemy tried to kill Nick by shooting through the wall to hit his body.

Nick grabbed the edge of the roof and used his Ghost Wire to retrieve his spears while pulling himself onto the rooftop.

As soon as he got to the top, he rolled away from the spot where his enemy should be able to see him.

BANG!

Another hole appeared beside Nick.

'They're good!' Nick thought as he slipped into the training area again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 151 151 – Running
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As Nick rolled into the training area, his ability activated again.

Even though it had seemed that Nick had only blindly moved around, he had actually approximated the sniper's location.

Since Nick had been coming here for months, he was very familiar with the area, and he knew how to get there.

And he also knew that it would be very difficult.

'It will be extremely difficult to get close to the sniper without them noticing me,' Nick thought with furrowed brows as he slid down the building.

'There are too many even and low rooftops.'

'The sniper is probably at a high location, and I can't get to them without being seen. Even if I run through the streets.'

BANG!

Nick rammed the blade on his right hand into the wall in front of him.

Naturally, Nick had his fist weapons with him due to the upcoming war.

Nick's blade easily punched through the wall, and Nick used it to create a huge hole, allowing him to enter the home.

It was quite loud, but the sound was too distant for the sniper to properly hear.

As Nick slipped into the building, the map of the surrounding areas shot through his mind again.

There was no good way to get to the sniper.

But then, Nick got an idea.

BANG!

Nick rammed his blade into the floor and created a circular cut around his position, which resulted in him falling down a floor.

One had to remember that Nick was incredibly powerful right now and that his blade was extremely sharp and durable.

Cutting a circular hole in some metal flooring wasn't difficult.

Nick did the same thing another floor lower.

After that, Nick grabbed the edge of the floor he had just fallen through.

Below him was darkness.

The sewers.

Luckily, some light came through the holes, and Nick could see a bit.

When Nick saw a rooftop that came out of the water, he immediately jumped onto it.

As soon as Nick landed, he took out a spear and threw it into the distance with all of his power.

DING!

The spear hit something in the distance, and Nick pulled a bit on the Ghost Wire.

If he really wanted to, he could pull the spear back, but that was not what he wanted.

As long as the spear could withstand a bit of pull, it would work.

The next moment, Nick narrowed his eyes and jumped forward with all of his power.

CRK! CRK!

Nick quickly hit the dark ceiling, but he used his two blades to cut into it in a diagonal fashion.

Now, Nick hung from the top of the dark sewers.

His two blades were stuck in the ceiling, and Nick used their flat sides to support his body.

A moment later, the world around Nick transformed.

One person wearing a black cloak after the other appeared, and they were all targeting Nick with long rifles.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

All the shots hit Nick and tore parts out of his body.

However, Nick just closed his eyes and pulled one of his blades out before stabbing it into the ceiling a bit further away.

"YOU'RE GOING TO DIE!"

"DIE!"

"I HATE YOU!"

"DIE!"

The dark voices that the Nightmare created shouted at Nick with hatred.

Nick was in the darkness, and the darkness was the Nightmare's domain.

But Nick just gritted his teeth and moved forward.

The pain was almost unbearable, but Nick's desire to prove to himself that he wasn't worthless was just too strong.

After moving forward a bit, Nick pulled slightly on the Ghost Wire of the spear and noted that he was facing in the wrong direction.

A moment later, corpses began to fall from the dark sky, screaming at Nick to come with them.

Trevor and Jenny were disemboweled in front of Nick, and their organs covered his body, constricting it.

But Nick just continued moving forward.

It was horrible, but Nick just kept going.

Finally, Nick realized that he had arrived at the location where his spear was stuck in the ceiling.

Immediately, Nick started to dig through the ceiling, and a moment later, he saw a bit of light.

It was still pretty dark, but the light made it far more difficult for the Nightmare to fool him.

Nick retrieved his spear and went through the hole he had created, appearing on the ground floor of a building.

When Nick realized that he had arrived, a fire of determination appeared in his eyes.

Now, he would be the attacker!

The last shot from the sniper had happened not even 30 seconds ago.

That was how fast and determined Nick had moved through the buildings and the sewers.

The sniper should still be in the same area as before.

'They're most likely surveying their surroundings while looking at the training area,' Nick thought.

'They think I'm still there.'

'Maybe one of their colleagues is currently searching the places where I should be while the sniper keeps an eye out.'

Nick looked back at the hole and approximated the direction he was facing.

He remembered in which direction he had thrown the spear, and by looking at the rooftop in the sewers through the hole, Nick could tell with quite some confidence where the sniper was.

'I moved over 50 meters forward, which means I passed the low spot where the sniper could see me.'

Nick silently ran through the building and rolled out of a window.

The streets were in horrible condition, but not everything was broken.

Right now, Nick was in an alley with more holes than street, surrounded by tall buildings on both sides.

Nick looked up and saw some kind of metallic flag hanging from one of the buildings.

'So, I'm here,' Nick thought.

Naturally, buildings all had their own special marks that identified them, and Nick remembered that strange metallic flag.

He knew exactly where he was now.

With narrowed eyes, Nick looked down one way of the alley.

Ding! Ding!

Nick jumped forward and buried his two blades in one side of the building to grab onto it before jumping forward to the other wall.

Like this, Nick moved forward through the alley.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 152 152 – Sneaking
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick silently jumped from building to building.

Whenever his blades stuck into one of the buildings, they made a little sound, but the sound was barely noticeable.

Ding!

Suddenly, Nick silently jumped through a window into a house.

He had heard someone.

As Nick looked through the window of the house he was in, he could see a person wearing a black cloak carefully jumping from place to place as they were passing through the alley.

Nick narrowed his eyes as he looked at the person.

'No rifle,' Nick realized. 'That's not the sniper.'

A moment later, Nick saw the person's hands, and he saw a gun in each of them.

That was when Nick remembered that woman with the two guns he had seen during the meeting, the one that had exploded more than once.

'Most likely her,' Nick thought.

For a moment, Nick thought about killing her.

After all, she was an enemy.

'No,' Nick thought. 'If I kill her, the sniper will know where I am.'

'The sniper is far more dangerous than her.'

As Nick watched her pass, he thought about something.

'If I were the sniper, would I let her just run through an alley without any supervision?'

Nick narrowed his eyes.

'No, I wouldn't.'

The next moment, Nick held one of his hands out of the window.

The sunlight reflected off Nick's polished blade, and Nick saw the silhouette of the end of the alley.

That was when Nick saw a bright spot on top of one of the buildings, and he immediately pulled his arm back.

Nick's ability immediately deactivated!

However, Nick didn't move, and his ability quickly reactivated.

'They probably saw something glimmer in the alley and looked over,' Nick thought. 'They think I'm just a random piece of metal that reflected some of the light.'

'That means they still don't know I'm here!'

Nick quickly shot away from the window and silently ran through the house until he arrived at the other side.

Nick knew exactly on which building the sniper was now, and he also knew how to get there.

After jumping out of the window, Nick put his blade into-

Nick stopped moving.

Just five meters away, on the rooftop of the neighboring building, someone wearing a black cloak had stopped running.

The person was looking at Nick from just five to ten meters away.

Nick looked back.

None of them had expected to see someone here.

And they were just looking at each other.

Three seconds of silence passed, during which nobody moved.

Clink! Clink!

Two small gauntlets fell onto the roof of the building as the cloaked person lifted their hands in surrender while also falling to their knees.

Nick furrowed his brows.

A moment later, Nick put his finger to his lips and gestured for the other person to stay quiet.

The other person rapidly nodded several times.

Nick slowly nodded as well.

Then, Nick quietly jumped to the building where the cloaked person was.

The cloaked person became terrified when Nick came close to them.

However, they had already committed to their choice, and their life was now up to Nick.

They only hoped that Nick would consider accepting them into Dark Dream instead of killing them.

Luckily, Nick quickly ran past them.

"Nothing will happen to you," Nick said as he passed them. "Don't look at me. If you see my ability, I will have to kill you."

The heartbeat of the person became even faster, and they didn't dare to say anything or do anything.

Right now, they were just on their knees, looking away from Nick.

Nick rapidly ran along the roof with all of his speed.

A couple of seconds later, Nick arrived behind the building where the sniper was on.

Very quietly, Nick climbed up the building.

There he was.

Right in front of him was a cloaked person, lying on their huge belly while aiming towards the training spot with a huge rifle.

Nick immediately knew who that was.

He remembered the fat man with the eyepatch, whom he had seen during the meeting.

'This should be their Chief Zephyx Extractor, the second John,' Nick thought.

Nick narrowed his eyes and slowly moved forward.

"I can't see Jonathan!"

At that moment, a female voice shouted from the other end of the alleyway.

"Jonathan, report!" the fat guy in front of Nick shouted as he turned to look towards his left.

Silence.

Stephen, the fat man, furrowed his brows.

Did the enemy get Jonathan?

However, the enemy should still be within the training ground.

The only way to get here without being noticed would take at least two minutes.

A moment later, Stephen suddenly lay in the shade.

Something had covered the sun.

Stephen's eyes widened in shock.

CRACK!

A metallic blade violently rammed through the fat man's thick neck, decapitating him.

Stephen's last thought was, 'Why didn't my Barrier activate?!'

Well, Barriers without an AI chip weren't that great in dealing with surprise attacks.

While Stephen had a Barrier that could activate and deactivate itself on its own, it didn't have an intelligent way to deal with a subtle attack.

Stephen's Barrier was definitely more expensive than Nick's, but it still wasn't good enough to save Stephen.

Nick knew how to exploit these Barriers since his own Barrier had the same fault.

If something moved very slowly through the Barrier's proximity, the Barrier wouldn't view that as an attack.

So, Nick had simply moved forward very slowly, entering Stephen's Barrier.

When he was directly on top of Stephen, Nick slammed his blade down.

Stephen was dead.

Nick just looked at the corpse for about a second before he jumped down the building.

A moment later, Nick saw Jonathan, who didn't dare to look in Nick's direction.

Nick quickly arrived behind Jonathan, and he could tell that Jonathan had noticed him.

"The fat guy is dead," Nick said.

Jonathan's body shook, but he didn't dare to move.

"How many are here?"

"Three," a scared male voice answered.

"Including the fat guy?" Nick asked.

"Yes," Jonathan said.

Nick nodded.

"If you can convince the girl to surrender, she doesn't have to die," Nick said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 153 153 – Fear
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jonathan, who was still wearing his black cloak, felt like he had made the right choice.

When he had seen Nick coming out of the window almost beside him, he had been frozen in fear.

The three of them had thought that Nick was still inside the training area or leaving via the other side to take a detour.

After all, it was impossible to get close to them via the direct route since Stephen could see everything.

Kiara and Jonathan had been sent by Stephen to advance. If Nick were hiding somewhere close to the border, they would be able to get him out of this hiding place, which would allow Stephen to kill him in one shot.

Kiara was walking in a more hidden area, but she would have Stephen's oversight.

Meanwhile, Jonathan would walk on top of the buildings, which would make it easy for him to keep a lookout and to notice Nick if he decided to advance.

And then, Nick had come out of the window beside Jonathan.

Several thoughts had shot through Jonathan's mind at that point.

'Oh, fuck!' had been the first one, quickly followed by, 'I'm going to die!'

Jonathan knew that Stephen hadn't been able to see him since he was watching over Kiara.

When Stephen had asked for volunteers, Jonathan jumped forward, eager to take revenge for Sarah.

In Jonathan's mind, he had imagined himself fighting the enemy with his fists, beating them back.

Then, Stephen would take the shot, and everyone would thank him for keeping the enemy occupied.

Finally, it was his time to shine!

Finally, he would prove to Futuma and Selina that he wasn't just blowing hot air as they claimed he was doing!

He hated how Selina always told him that he would run at the first sign of danger, while Futuma always ignored him whenever he was trying to say something!

But when Nick actually showed up, it became very different from Jonathan's imagination.

When Jonathan had seen Nick's narrowed and focused eyes as he confidently and quietly came out of the window, he felt like he was looking at a Veteran.

Everything inside Jonathan shouted at him that he was going to die.

This was not someone he could fight!

So, Jonathan had surrendered.

The next minute was a blur.

He remembered Nick walking past him and saying something.

Then, a blank.

Finally, Nick had returned, talking to him.

Jonathan wasn't sure if a second or an hour had passed.

At this moment, Jonathan was just trying to come to terms with his survival.

"If you can convince the girl to surrender, she doesn't have to die."

When Jonathan heard that, he felt his heart rate increase again.

Die.

Everyone always talked about death, but when death was this close, the word felt very different.

Jonathan's body shook, and he slowly rose to his feet.

"I still can't see Jonathan!" Kiara shouted from the end of the alley.

Jonathan's heart beat in his ears.

"Tell her that the fat man is dead and that you lost. If she comes peacefully, I promise that she won't die," Nick said.

Jonathan breathed heavily as he heard Nick speak from behind him.

"K-Kiara," Jonathan spoke. "S-Stephen is d-d-dead."

In the alley, Kiara's eyes widened in shock as she looked in the direction where Jonathan's voice came from.

Dunk!

Nick shoved Jonathan forward to tell him to move.

Jonathan kept his arms raised as he walked across the roof.

"I-if you come peacefully, he promises that you won't d-die," Jonathan said.

Kiara didn't know what she should think and looked at where Stephen should be.

She couldn't see him.

At that moment, Kiara's emotions went wild.

Fear, disbelief, rage, frustration.

After a bit, Jonathan appeared at the edge of one of the buildings that Kiara could see.

When she saw Jonathan, her heart almost stopped.

Even from this distance, she could see Jonathan's body shaking like a leaf, and the bit of his face that she could see through the cloak was wet with tears.

Even more, the fear and panic in his voice was overwhelming.

The next moment, Nick stepped forward from behind Jonathan and looked at Kiara with an even look.

"Step to the side and turn away," Nick spoke quietly and coldly.

Jonathan complied, took a couple steps to the side, and looked away from Nick.

Kiara's fight-or-flight instincts kicked in, and she became ready to react.

"If you run, you will die," Nick spoke coldly.

"If you stay, you will survive."

"I already killed the fat guy after he ambushed me with a number advantage."

"Taking care of you will not be difficult," Nick said.

Kiara gritted her teeth.

Shing!

In an instant, one of Nick's spears appeared in his hand.

"Don't do anything stupid," Nick threatened in a dark and deep voice.

Kiara's clenched fists shook.

She was so frustrated!

They were supposed to win!

Even more, they were two while he was only one!

If they fought together, they might be able to take him down!

But when she saw Jonathan, she immediately threw that possibility out of the window.

Jonathan looked far too terrified to fight right now.

'I should have believed Selina!' Kiara thought.

At that moment, Kiara hated Jonathan so much!

"What will it be?" Nick asked.

Kiara gritted her teeth and slowly retrieved one of her guns.

Then, she threw it to the ground beside her.

"You can keep your guns," Nick said with confidence.

"Having them or not having them makes no difference."

Kiara's clenched fist shook even more as she retrieved the gun she had dropped.

Nick lowered his spear.

"Come up," he commanded.

Kiara looked at Nick with humiliation and frustration.

She didn't move.

"I said, come up," Nick said with some aggression in his voice.

Kiara gritted her teeth.

"How?" she asked.

Nick raised an eyebrow.

"How am I supposed to climb such a tall building?"

Nick furrowed his brows in confusion.

What was her problem?

Like, just climb?

Was she scheming something?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 154 154 – Peddler Storage Token
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Turn around," Nick said.

"Why?" Kiara asked, taking a more defensive stance.

"I will create a staircase for you with my ability, but I don't want you to see my ability," Nick explained.

Kiara furrowed her brows, but a couple of seconds later, she turned around.

Since Jonathan also wasn't looking at Nick, Nick's ability reactivated.

DING! DING! DING!

Nick threw his three spears rapidly at one of the buildings, creating a stairway.

"Turn around and come up," Nick commanded.

Kiara looked back and saw the three spears stuck in the building at different heights.

Without waiting, she jumped onto the first one.

When she felt how heavy and durable the spear was, her eyes opened wide in shock.

These spears were way heavier than she had expected!

And he had thrown them this accurately and quickly?!

How powerful was his ability?!

After a couple of jumps, Kiara arrived at the rooftop of Nick's neighboring building.

SHING! SHING! SHING!

Nick pulled his three spears back with his Ghost Wire and pocketed them.

Kiara once more became shocked.

As a Newbie who had never truly fought another Extractor, she had no idea that something like this was possible.

She knew exactly what that meant.

Nick had infinite ammo!

Kiara moved closer to Nick while completely ignoring Jonathan.

When she arrived, Nick nodded.

"Follow me," Nick said as he turned around.

Jonathan complied without any resistance.

When Kiara saw Jonathan so compliant, she couldn't help gritting her teeth.

She was so disgusted with this coward!

After a bit of walking, the three of them climbed onto the building where Stephen's corpse lay.

When they saw Stephen's decapitated corpse, reality once more hit them.

Kiara's fear increased a lot.

This was not someone she could mess with!

"Search his body," Nick commanded.

Kiara gritted her teeth while Jonathan's face became even whiter.

"I don't know if there is a kind of trap that Cycle has planted on his body, and I'm not the one that's going to find out," Nick said.

Kiara glared at Jonathan while Jonathan gulped.

Jonathan slowly moved towards the corpse with a shaking body.

BANG!

Suddenly, something heavy hit Kiara's back, and she fell onto the fat man's corpse.

Kiara couldn't breathe for a long time, and she was in strong pain.

"I said, search his body!" Nick shouted.

Just now, Nick had punched Kiara's back.

Jonathan just looked with terror at Kiara, and his shaking hands moved to the fat man's corpse, quickly rummaging through his pockets.

When Kiara could finally breathe again, she turned to look at Nick and glared at him.

Nick's eyes narrowed.

Kiara could only grit her teeth and search the fat man's corpse.

The two of them found a couple of credits, a bank card, some tools, his Barrier…

"Wait, give me that," Nick said suddenly.

Kiara and Jonathan turned to look at what Nick was pointing at.

It was some kind of coin or emblem.

Jonathan grabbed it and held it out to Nick.

Nick looked at it and furrowed his brows.

"A Peddler Storage Token?" Nick said.

The two didn't know what Nick meant.

They were not from the Dregs.

When Nick saw their confused expressions, he held the token up. "The Peddlers are one of the four gangs that run the Dregs. They deal in all kinds of trade."

"Now, my question is, why would a level two Extractor have a token from the Peddlers? If he wanted to, he could just store his stuff in a more secure storage. As a level two Extractor, he could even enter the Inner City."

"Why store his things in the Dregs?"

"Unless it's something that he can't store anywhere else," Nick said.

"Do you know what this could be?" he asked as he looked at the two of them.

Both of them shook their heads.

"Seems like it's not only Ardum that has you two fooled," Nick said.

Jonathan looked with worry at Nick while Kiara narrowed her eyes.

However, Kiara didn't dare to complain.

"Why don't we take a look?" Nick asked with a confident smirk.

Next, Nick moved forward and grabbed the fat man's head before stuffing it into a sack that was hanging from the fat man's belt.

Then, Nick just lifted his corpse.

"Let's go. It's not far from here," Nick said before jumping from one building to the next.

The fat man was extremely heavy, but Nick still managed to move with confidence.

Additionally, the silence with which he moved made him even more terrifying for the two people accompanying him.

Jonathan just followed Nick, while Kiara took a deep breath before doing the same.

After a bit of jumping, the three of them reached the part of the Dregs that actually had humans.

When the people of the Dregs saw Nick pass them with a huge corpse, they stepped to the side in fear.

Ironically, they were more afraid of his uniform than the corpse he was carrying.

Eventually, the three of them reached a tall building with two people standing in front.

When they saw Nick approaching them, one of them quickly ran to the side.

"Stop!" Nick commanded.

The second guard immediately froze in fear.

"Is there something you need, sir?" the first guard asked.

"I'm going to ask you a couple of questions," Nick said to the guard, "and you better not lie."

"I'm from the Dregs myself, and I know how these things work."

"I've already harvested a couple of corpses from the Riker Strikers some months ago for one of my Specters. If you try something on me, I might decide to go for the Peddlers next."

"Got it?" Nick asked.

The two immediately knew what Nick was talking about.

After all, the Riker Strikers had taken a brutal hit when a Zephyx Extractor had entered their headquarters and killed almost ten people!

The amount of people who wanted to join them dropped significantly after that event.

The guards looked at each other.

Then, one of them looked with worry at Nick before looking at his colleague again.

Lastly, they looked at the headless corpse.

"What do you want to know, sir?" one of them asked.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 155 155 – The Storage
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick dropped the corpse onto the ground.

Then, he took out the Peddler Storage Token and showed it.

"I found this storage token on him," Nick said. "I presume you've seen this guy before?"

The two looked at the token with worry.

They were not allowed to give out any data from their customers.

Although…

This customer was dead.

"Yes," one of them said, eliciting a nervous glance from the other one.

Nick nodded. "I want to access the storage, and I don't want to get led to a fake room. I am from the Dregs. I know what you guys deal in, and if a level two Extractor is storing something here instead of the Inner City, it must be bad."

The two guards looked at each other in nervousness.

"Please, follow me," one of them said, opening the door behind him.

Nick nodded. "I'll leave the corpse here. If anything is missing from it when I return, I'll go home with a second corpse. I can afford to spend 15,000 credits on a tantrum."

The guards swallowed again, and one of them called a couple of colleagues to watch over the corpse.

The other guard then entered the warehouse while being followed by Nick and his two "companions".

"You're sure we took the right turn just now?" Nick asked coldly.

The guard swallowed.

He turned around and looked at Nick's narrowed eyes.

"M-may I see-see the token again?" he asked, holding out his shaking hand.

Nick slowly placed the token in the guy's hand.

The guy looked at the token.

"Ex-excuse me. I made a mistake just now," the guard said carefully as he handed the token back.

Nick glared at him.

Nick had used the storage service of the Peddlers in the past, and he knew that they would never store important things upstairs, which was where the guard had just wanted to lead Nick.

Something stored by an Extractor had to be stored in the basement.

Sure enough, the guard led Nick and the others into the basement.

After a bit of walking, everyone stopped in front of a metallic door.

"This is the door," the guard said, his body still shaking. "We value our customers' privacy. So, we don't know what's behind this."

"Open it," Nick commanded.

"Of course," the guard said with a polite but nervous smile as he took out a couple of keys.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!"

As soon as the door opened, the panicked voice of a small child came out of the room.

Nick narrowed his eyes.

Jonathan and Kiara became shocked.

"Please," the guard said with a polite tone as he gestured to the door.

Nick unceremoniously pushed the door open and walked inside.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry! Please! I'll do anything! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please!"

When the three of them saw what was in the room, they had to take deep breaths, and even Nick's heart sank.

In the back of the room was a rickety bed.

On the left side of the room were some pieces of bloody metal and some bloody scissors.

The corner of the room had some piss and shit in it.

And in another corner was a cage.

Inside the cage was a little girl with several wounds on her body.

Right now, she was looking with pure panic and terror at the three people as she did her absolute best to stretch as much of her body out of the cage as she could.

It was like she was absolutely terrified of staying in this cage.

Or, more precisely, in the place where the cage was located.

The cage was put in a darker corner of the room.

It wasn't fully dark, but it was quite dark.

Everyone knew what that meant.

The Nightmare had been whispering in the little girl's ears for who knew how long.

"I won't bite you anymore! I swear! I'll do whatever you want! Please! Please! Please! I'm sorry!"

"This shouldn't be in here," the guard said with fake outrage. "I swear, we would never-"

"Shut up," Nick said.

The guard didn't say anything anymore.

Jonathan and Kiara looked with absolute terror at the girl and the cage.

Then, the stench of the feces-filled cage hit them.

Kiara turned to the side and puked.

"You can confirm that this is the fat guy's storage unit?" Nick asked evenly.

"Y-yes, sir," the guard answered. "If we had known what-"

"Shut up," Nick commanded again.

The next moment, Nick turned to Jonathan, who just looked at the girl with pure terror.

"Let her out," Nick commanded.

Jonathan's body shook, and he looked at Nick.

After that, he turned to the cage and moved forward.

As soon as he reached the cage, the girl's little hands grabbed Jonathan's body with all their strength, refusing to let go.

"Please! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" she shouted in panic.

"I-I'll let you out!" Jonathan shouted back in panic.

However, the girl was completely delirious and just kept shouting at Jonathan while grabbing his body.

Jonathan quickly found the lock, but it was made of metal, and he wasn't strong enough to break it.

When Nick saw that, he was annoyed.

Nick stepped forward.

"Out of the way!" Nick commanded.

Jonathan stumbled quickly out of the way.

Then, Nick looked into the little girl's eyes.

"Move back!" he commanded with a dark voice.

The little girl stopped moving when she heard Nick's voice.

"I said, move back!" Nick shouted.

The girl quickly fell back.

Nick grabbed one of the bars and put his foot on the edge of the cage.

Then, he pulled.

CRRRRRRRRRRRK!

The bar bent, and Nick snapped it off.

Then, he did the same thing to a second bar.

"You can come out," Nick said with a calm voice after taking a deep breath.

The girl quickly moved forward and stumbled out of the cage before she bolted to the door to escape.

Nick just grabbed her.

"Calm down!" Nick shouted. "I'm not here to hurt you!"

"I'm here to free you!"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 156 156 – The Truth
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After a lot of persuasion and talking, the little girl finally broke down and started crying.

The guard kept looking around with nervous eyes.

Jonathan just sat in the hallway, looking at the ground with dead eyes.

Kiara just looked with terror at the crying girl and the room.

"How are you with kids?"

Kiara was taken out of her thoughts when Nick addressed her.

Kiara just looked at the girl nervously.

"I have a little brother," she said.

Nick nodded. "I want to know what happened here," he said.

Kiara looked at Nick nervously.

Then, she walked up to the girl and softly started to talk to her.

Meanwhile, Nick walked out of the room and looked at Jonathan.

Jonathan didn't even turn to look at Nick.

Just the mental image of the room was too much to process for him.

The cruelty…

He knew how it felt to be in the darkness.

It was probably the most terrifying experience imaginable.

And this girl had been in the darkness for maybe even days.

Jonathan just couldn't comprehend what he had seen.

"This is who you're working for," Nick said.

Jonathan didn't look up.

"Where do you think the fat guy got this girl from?" Nick asked. "Getting something like this requires some connections."

Jonathan didn't answer.

"When we met Ardum for the first time, he tried to frame one of my people as a spy while we didn't even have any issues with each other."

"At the same time, he had a true spy in our midst."

"It was a 14-year-old boy named Pator."

"Ardum planted Pator on Wyntor's side two years ago."

"Ardum used a little boy as a spy, knowing fully well what happens to spies in the Melfion family."

Nick looked at the wall absentmindedly.

"I was tasked with doing the deed."

Jonathan turned to look at Nick.

"I found Pator crying and talking to a statue," Nick said. "He was saying that he regrets everything and wants to stop but can't because he's already in too deep."

"If he continued, he would feel like he was betraying his friends."

"If he stopped, he would die."

Silence.

"What did you do?" Jonathan asked.

"A spy is a spy," Nick said.

"I did what I had to do."

Jonathan looked back at the wall.

"The girl from Cycle has been spying on us for three months," Nick said.

"We noticed her three months ago already, but we didn't do anything since we were not ready for an open conflict with Cycle yet."

"For three months, she just randomly showed up in the night and in the early morning."

"A week ago, we were ready to do something about the spy, and I found her on our rooftop."

"She took out some kind of glass jar and was fidgeting around with it."

"I threw two spears at her."

"The first one shot through her body."

"The second one shot through her head."

"When we looked at her corpse and found the green substance, we knew why she was here."

"She was meant to act as a reason to go to war."

"Ardum keeps putting on a fake persona, and in order to get your support, he needed to unite you under a common cause."

"Think about the following questions."

"Why did she arrive during the night, in secret, for several months?"

"If she wanted to help us, would there have been an easier way?"

"Why is the little girl here?"

"Go think about these questions."

Silence.

Nick just kept looking forward without saying anything.

Jonathan just kept looking at the ground.

Several minutes passed.

"Her name was Sarah," Jonathan said.

Nick didn't answer.

"Sarah was always happy and helpful. She even taught me how to take care of our Specters."

Silence.

"Her shifts changed about three months ago, and her hours in the company got reduced," Jonathan said.

"Was there someone else that Ardum could have sent to do the same thing?" Nick asked.

Jonathan furrowed his brows.

"Neron was our spy," Jonathan said. "His job was to go undercover and gather information."

"Was?" Nick asked.

"He was also a spy for you," Jonathan said.

Nick snorted. "No, he wasn't."

Jonathan furrowed his brows.

"Wyntor said that to confuse Ardum," Nick explained.

After that, Nick explained in detail why Wyntor had confirmed that there was a spy and what Wyntor thought Ardum was actually doing.

Jonathan had difficulties believing Nick.

However, the things he had seen today made it difficult to ignore Nick's words.

Was it true?

Had Ardum actually played them for a fool?

The more Jonathan thought about that possibility, the more signs he saw that confirmed Nick's statement.

At some point, Kiara walked out of the room.

The girl clung to Kiara's thigh.

Nick just looked over at Kiara.

Kiara took a deep breath. "Her family sold her to a group of strangers," Kiara said with difficulty.

"They put her in this room."

"A couple of days later, Ste- the big man showed up."

The little girl started to shake.

"He did horrible things, and when she fought back, he put her in the cage to punish her."

"That was two days ago."

The girl continued shaking, and Kiara kept stroking the little girl's hair.

Jonathan took a deep breath.

Nick nodded and stopped leaning on the wall.

"Let's go. We're done here."

Kiara furrowed her brows.

"Just like this?"

"Yes," Nick said. "If you want to find justice, you are free to do so. It's 15,000 credits per corpse."

"But keep in mind. All of these guards also have families, and not everyone knows exactly what is going on at all times."

Kiara gritted her teeth.

"What about her?" she asked, gesturing to the little girl.

"I can leave her to you if you want."

"Keep her. Let her go. Hand her to an orphanage. Bring her back to her family. Do whatever you want."

Kiara furrowed her brows.

She was stuck with the little girl now?!

However, when she looked at the girl's scared eyes, she just felt pity.

She earned enough money to support another person…

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 157 157 – Going Back
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick left the Peddler's building with Kiara, Jonathan, and the girl following him.

Jonathan and Kiara hadn't noticed it, but their dynamic with Nick had already changed.

Earlier, they had followed Nick because he had essentially threatened them with their lives.

But now, they just naturally followed him.

Naturally, that was because of what they had just seen.

Stephen had harbored such a dark secret, and most likely, Ardum must have known about it or, even worse, actually supported it.

It was still very difficult for them to accept that the nice boss they had known for months actually had such a dark secret.

Kiara, especially, wanted to deny that Ardum knew about these things.

But the only way this would be possible was if all of this had been set up by Nick.

However, that was just too unrealistic.

It would have required so much work, and Nick would have even needed to fool a small girl into lying very convincingly.

It was a fact that Stephen was a monster, and Ardum most likely knew about it.

Some people might be able to come to terms with this and continue working for Ardum, but Jonathan and Kiara were not part of this group of people.

Kiara and Jonathan both grew up in the Outer City.

While life hadn't been smooth sailing for them, it wasn't nearly as bad as growing up in the Dregs.

The earliest one of them had seen a corpse was when they were 14 years old, which was nothing compared to children who grew up in the Dregs.

The two of them knew that life was cruel, but looking past such a vile act was still impossible for them.

Nick led the three of them into the Outer City again.

They were walking far slower than before due to the additional presence of the little girl.

During their travels, the little girl didn't say anything and simply hung on Kiara's thigh.

Some minutes later, the three of them reached the Outer City, and Nick turned to Kiara.

"We're going to your home. You can leave the little girl there while we deal with other matters," he said evenly.

Kiara took a deep breath and nodded.

Showing Nick where she lived was making it impossible for her to turn back.

If she decided to betray them, they knew where she lived, and they would be able to assassinate her easily or even take her family hostage.

However, it didn't actually make a difference.

Kiara had already decided to just go with the flow.

Yes, she still hated Nick for killing Sarah, but she wasn't willing to throw her life away for revenge.

Half an hour later, they reached a small house at the edges of the Outer City.

"We'll be waiting here. Don't take longer than ten minutes," Nick said evenly.

Jonathan looked with worry at Kiara.

He hoped that Kiara didn't decide to do something stupid.

Kiara nodded and led the little girl inside.

A moment after the door opened, Nick heard the voice of a young teenage boy.

He guessed that this was Kiara's brother since she had said that she had a younger brother.

A couple of minutes later, Kiara came out of the house and nodded at Nick.

Jonathan sighed in relief.

After that, the three of them ran towards Dark Dream, and since the little girl was no longer with them, it barely took them five minutes.

When the two of them saw the warehouse, they furrowed their brows.

That was it?

Cycle was inside an actual office building, which was several stories high.

Meanwhile, Dark Dream was just some shitty warehouse.

Their future seemed a bit more uncertain.

Nick opened the door and motioned for them to enter.

When the door opened, the three of them saw several people.

Jonathan and Kiara immediately noticed the guards and realized that working in a warehouse wasn't actually so stupid.

Guards needed to patrol through office buildings, but in a warehouse, they could keep watch over everything easily.

Even more, it was quite difficult to get to the guards.

The next moment, they noticed a beautiful woman with brown hair sewing something in the corner, which was a bit strange.

Did someone live here?

Was that an employee?

Next, they noticed a tall man sleeping in the corner, and they quickly realized that this was one of Dark Dream's employees.

This was the one called Trevor.

But why was he sleeping here?

Naturally, the people who were awake also noticed the newcomers, and they became careful.

After all, they were all on edge due to the current situation.

Nick just walked towards a desk where a young woman was sitting.

Since Pator was dead, his position had been filled by three people who worked in shifts.

When the young woman saw Nick approaching, she respectfully stood up and performed a quick bow.

"Good evening, sir. What do you need?" she asked.

"Get Wyntor down here immediately," Nick said.

"Of course, sir," the young woman said before running out of the warehouse.

It was almost eight p.m. by now, and Wyntor had already gone home.

Nick walked back to Kiara and Jonathan, who just awkwardly stood around, not knowing what would happen to them.

Then, the three of them went to the side and waited.

"Why is he sleeping here?" Jonathan asked after a couple of minutes of silence as he gestured to Trevor.

"Because of you," Nick said.

The two of them furrowed their brows in confusion.

"What if you attack him on his way home?" Nick asked.

Then, he gestured to the beautiful woman sewing in the corner. "She's also here because of you. She's a family member of one of our Extractors. She's living here so that you can't use her as a hostage."

Kiara and Jonathan felt a bit insulted.

They would never stoop so low and involve the family members of their enemies.

But then, they remembered Stephen's and Ardum's true faces, and they realized that such a worry was actually not unfounded.

However, at the same time, a question appeared in their mind.

Why didn't their family live in the office for the same reason?

What was different?

However, before they could find an answer, the main entrance opened.

Wyntor was here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 158 158 – Financial Situation
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

As soon as Wyntor entered, Jonathan and Kiara became anxious again.

Wyntor had a powerful presence, and he was the leader of their enemy.

Their lives would be in his hands.

When Wyntor saw Kiara and Jonathan, his expression didn't change.

It was almost like he had expected them to be here.

Wyntor walked up to them, and the anxiety of Jonathan and Kiara intensified.

"Let's talk inside," Wyntor told the three of them as he walked past them towards one of the Containment Units.

Nick gestured to follow Wyntor.

Jonathan and Kiara became scared.

Why were they going to a Specter?!

Were they about to get sacrificed?!

When they entered the Containment Unit, Kiara and Jonathan became terrified.

There was a horrifying coffin walking around in the Containment Unit on white bandages!

The two of them had seen a couple of Specters before, but seeing a new Specter was always a terrifying experience.

Especially since they didn't know what that Specter could do.

"Perfect timing," Nick said.

Nick walked up to the coffin.

BANG!

And kicked it.

The coffin hit the wall, and all its bandages went back inside.

Kiara and Jonathan took deep breaths.

Sure enough, Nick was terrifying!

BANG!

Then, Nick dumped the heavy corpse of Stephen onto the ground.

Naturally, Nick wouldn't forget such a valuable corpse.

After a couple of seconds, the bandages slowly came out of the coffin again, and they quickly found Stephen's corpse.

Slowly, the wound around the corpse.

And then, the coffin opened.

SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!

Kiara and Jonathan became absolutely terrified at that point and didn't dare to move.

This was the most horrifying scream they had ever heard in their lives!

A moment later, the corpse was consumed by the coffin, and the lid closed again.

"That should keep it busy for a while," Nick said. "Sad that Possession Specters don't grow more powerful."

Nick turned to look at Jonathan and Kiara, seeing that they were terrified of the coffin.

"That's all it can do."

The two looked at Nick like they had just been pulled out of their thoughts.

"What?" Kiara asked.

"That's all it can do," Nick said. "It screams and eats corpses. It looks scary, but it's actually very weak. A good kick will scare it and shut it up."

The two of them looked back at the coffin, which wasn't moving anymore.

That was it?

"When it has food, it just lies on the ground. When it doesn't, it searches around. As long as you don't stand still while it tries to jump onto you, nothing will happen to you," Nick explained.

"It's called the Screaming Coffin, and it barely requires any maintenance. I'm the one dealing with its food supply."

The two of them calmed down for multiple reasons.

First of all, the coffin didn't seem as scary anymore.

Second, the fact that Nick explained how to work with the Specter meant that they most likely weren't about to get killed.

"Tell me what happened," Wyntor said as he looked at Nick.

Nick nodded and narrated the day he had.

Naturally, since Jonathan and Kiara were here, Nick didn't explain how he managed to sneak up on them.

When Wyntor heard about the young girl, he didn't seem surprised, which shocked Jonathan and Kiara.

It was almost like Wyntor had expected something like this.

"I was wondering how Ardum managed to pay a level two Zephyx Extractor with that money sink in his facility," Wyntor said. "That explains it."

"Money sink?" Jonathan asked nervously.

Wyntor glanced at Jonathan evenly. "The Dung Heap," he said.

This confused Jonathan. "Why is that a money sink?"

"It eats food," Wyntor said evenly. "Food is scarce and very expensive. The Dung Heap probably makes less money than this coffin."

Jonathan and Kiara were quite surprised when they heard that.

"Seems like Ardum didn't tell you," Wyntor commented.

The two of them looked at each other with complex expressions.

"No, he didn't," Kiara said, turning back to Wyntor.

Wyntor nodded and started to break down what the Dung Heap was most likely producing and costing.

After about five minutes of explaining everything, Kiara and Jonathan realized that the situation was really dire.

The Dung Heap could probably only pay for about three Extractors.

Then, Wyntor told them about the other two Specters of Cycle, which surprised them.

"Didn't you say you had no spy in Cycle?" Kiara asked Nick.

Wyntor snorted. "I don't need a spy for that. Some of you carelessly told the normal staff about the Specters, and I simply had to bribe them for the information."

"When Extractors can't keep their mouths shut, it's easy for the enemy to get all this information."

At that moment, Jonathan gulped nervously.

He had talked with one of the guards about the Specters he was working with.

Jonathan was most likely part of how Wyntor found out about all of this.

Wyntor continued breaking down what Cycle was most likely earning, and it didn't look good at all.

Cycle was earning about as much as Dark Dream.

Yet, their rent was several times higher.

They had double the number of Extractors.

They had far more normal staff.

"Depending on what you earn, Cycle should only make between 50,000 to 150,000 credits per month, and that's assuming that the Chief Zephyx Extractor and Ardum don't get paid," Wyntor said.

"Nevertheless, I doubt that Ardum was paying you well."

Jonathan and Kiara looked at each other.

Actually, they were pretty happy with what they were earning.

"How much were you earning?" Wyntor asked.

The two of them became uncomfortable.

However, they didn't have a choice and answered.

"I'm a Late Newbie," Jonathan said. "Because of that, I was earning about 6,000 credits per month."

"I'm a Mid Newbie," Kiara said. "I'm earning about 5,000 credits per month."

Wyntor didn't seem surprised, but Nick felt shocked.

That was barely anything!

"That's what Trevor and Jenny make in five days!" Nick said in shock.

Jonathan's and Kiara's eyes widened in shock as they looked at Nick.

"What?" Jonathan asked.

Nick nodded. "Our Extractors get 10% of what they produce, and the Dreamer produces around ten grams of Zephyx per shift on average."

This shocked the two of them.

"The Dreamer is producing that much Zephyx?!" Kiara shouted in shock.

Nick nodded.

"It produces about 30 grams of Zephyx a day," Nick said.

Kiara and Jonathan took a while to come to terms with that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 159 159 – Useful Ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Jonathan and Kiara almost couldn't believe that the people in Dark Dream were earning so much more.

However, after thinking about what they had just heard from Wyntor, they realized that it actually made sense.

It was not that Wyntor was paying his employees very well.

It was that Ardum was paying them horribly since he was barely earning any money.

In terms of pure profit, Dark Dream was probably earning a lot more than Cycle, which meant that they could also pay their employees far better.

"You will be working for me from now on," Wyntor said, evenly looking at the two of them.

Jonathan and Kiara looked at each other with uncertainty.

All of this was so sudden.

However, they remembered that they didn't really have a choice.

They had already betrayed Cycle by walking in here.

There was no going back.

"What about our families?" Kiara asked.

"Since you are my employees, the security of your families is my responsibility," Wyntor said. "As soon as you've signed the contract and the release fee has been paid, you can get your families and let them live in here for the time being."

Earlier this day, the two of them would have thought that something like this was being too paranoid, but after witnessing Stephen's and Ardum's true faces, they accepted it.

"Then, thank you, boss," Jonathan said with a careful smile.

"Nick is the boss," Wyntor said before looking at Nick with a grin. "At least, that's what all the Extractors call him."

"You can refer to me simply as sir," Wyntor said.

Nick smiled awkwardly.

He had gotten used to Jenny and Trevor calling him boss, but with two new additions, his nickname felt official.

"Of course, sir," Jonathan said with a polite bow.

Wyntor nodded and looked at Kiara.

Kiara only sighed and nodded. "I'm looking forward to working with all of you."

"Good," Wyntor said before he walked to the door. "I will be drafting the contract and dealing with the release fee. Nick, you show them around."

Nick nodded.

Usually, when Extractors signed a contract, the contract said that they had to keep the specifics of their old workplace a secret, and a release fee had to be paid when they decided to work for another Zephyx Manufacturer.

Funnily enough, the contract these two had signed didn't have such a clause.

Instead, the contract stated that they were not allowed to quit without the CEO's consent.

However, that clause wasn't legally enforceable.

Wyntor would just pay the standard amount of money to purchase the two of them, and if Ardum had an issue with it, he could sue Wyntor.

But both of them knew that he wouldn't get anywhere with that.

Ardum simply wrote the contract like this to make his employees think that they weren't allowed to join another Manufacturer.

After Wyntor left, Nick looked at the two of them, who looked at Nick nervously.

"Welcome to Dark Dream," Nick said with an embarrassed smile. "I guess I'm your boss now."

When the two of them saw the innocent smile on Nick's face, they were taken aback.

Nick had seemed so dangerous and powerful, but now, he seemed more like an inexperienced and shy boy.

"By the way, my name's Nick, and I'm 16 years old," Nick said with a smile.

"You're 16?!" Kiara asked in shock, which was mirrored by Jonathan.

"Is that strange?" Nick asked with a smile as he scratched the back of his head.

"It's just… that's very young to be a Chief Zephyx Extractor," Kiara explained.

"I guess so," Nick answered awkwardly.

Kiara and Jonathan were still confused and shocked.

As soon as they had joined Dark Dream, Nick's entire demeanor had changed.

But after a while, they decided that this was a good thing.

Wyntor's Aura was already oppressive enough.

"Anyway, what are your abilities?" Nick asked. "I kind of need to know."

The two of them looked at each other.

Asking an Extractor about their ability was a taboo.

However, it was also normal for the Chief Zephyx Extractor to know the abilities of their employees since they needed to assign them to the Specters.

"I can show you," Kiara said as she slowly moved her hand to one of her guns.

Naturally, Nick noticed Kiara's movements, but he didn't stop her.

Kiara slowly pulled out her gun and pointed it at one of the walls.

BANG!

She fired a bullet, and the bullet hit the wall loudly.

The bullet bounced off the wall after being dented into an unrecognizable form.

Meanwhile, the wall only got a bit discolored.

"That was a normal shot," Kiara said.

Nick nodded as he watched with interest.

Even though the person in front of him had a gun, Nick wasn't nervous in any way.

Kiara was barely a meter away from Nick, and if she tried anything, Nick would reach her very quickly.

The next moment, a red glow appeared around Kiara's gun.

When Nick saw the red glow, he became very interested in the ability.

It seemed like Kiara had an ability that was actually useful for combat.

BANG!

Kiara shot another bullet, which hit the wall as well.

Just like the first bullet, this one couldn't penetrate the wall, but there was one difference.

A very small crevice was left in the wall.

The crevice was around 15 centimeters long, barely a couple of millimeters wide, and not even a single millimeter deep.

"Interesting," Nick said.

Kiara nodded. "This is the ability that Extractors receive from one of our- Cycle's Specters. Most of us have this ability since it is very useful for combat."

"With this ability, we can empower a weapon or parts of our bodies with a cutting effect, and the best part is that it barely costs any Zephyx to use," Kiara explained.

"Jonathan also has this ability," Kiara said as Jonathan nodded.

Nick was very interested in the ability.

If they won the war, they would gain access to the Specter that granted people this ability.

This meant that Dark Dream would finally get a Specter that granted their new employees useful abilities!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 160 160 – Teaching
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After talking a bit more, Wyntor returned with the contract.

The two of them signed the contract, and they finally officially belonged to Dark Dream.

Wyntor sent the two of them out to get their families to come here and told them that they would be working with the Dreamer tomorrow.

Depending on their result, one of them would take over Nick's shift.

As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick didn't need to work with a Specter to earn money.

Additionally, Nick also needed time to find new Specters and to manage all the Extractors.

Jonathan and Kiara left to get their families after thanking Wyntor.

After the two of them left, Wyntor and Nick talked about their future plans for a while.

With Stephen dead and two of Cycle's employees gone, Cycle had just barely enough employees to keep their Specters.

Now, they only needed to deal with one more person.

Eventually, Wyntor went home while Nick waited for Kiara and Jonathan to arrive with their families.

As soon as the families arrived, Nick showed them where they could stay.

Naturally, the little girl was part of Kiara's family.

By now, Trevor had woken up since his shift was about to start, and Nick introduced him to everyone.

Finally, at ten p.m., Nick left Dark Dream to get something to eat.

Not many places were open at this hour, but Nick could still find something.

An hour later, Nick fell into bed.

After waking up the next day, Nick got some food and went to Dark Dream.

It was silent.

The families of the Zephyx Extractors had all been sleeping since it was so early.

However, as soon as the door opened, a couple of them woke up and looked at Nick.

After all, sleeping in such an open space made people nervous, and their sleep was light.

Sadly, there wasn't much they could do.

At least it was only a temporary arrangement.

Jonathan was one of the people who got woken up by Nick, and he quickly stood up when he saw him.

"Wake Kiara up as well and get something to eat," Nick whispered to Jonathan. "In an hour, you guys are going to work with the Dreamer."

Jonathan nodded and went over to Kiara.

Meanwhile, Nick went to the Containment Units and retrieved the gathered Zephyx.

And then, Nick waited for the hour to pass.

As he looked around the warehouse, Nick felt like Dark Dream had transformed into a shelter.

There were almost ten people sleeping in here.

Things were getting crowded.

'We really need a new place,' Nick thought.

Eventually, it was time to go to work.

Jonathan and Kiara weren't in the mood to eat something since too much had happened yesterday, but they still had to work.

When the two of them walked to the big Containment Unit, they gulped.

Coming into contact with a new Specter was always scary, and they were quite sure that this Specter wasn't as harmless as the Screaming Coffin.

After entering the Containment Unit, the two of them saw the Dreamer.

Right now, the Dreamer was looking intently at Jonathan and Kiara while Trevor lay in front of it.

When Kiara and Jonathan looked into the Dreamer's eyes, they both took deep breaths.

It felt hollow and creepy.

Its Aura was different from Cycle's Specters.

The Dung Heap was essentially just a rotting pile of stink, which didn't make it very scary, while the other two Specters were more direct with their Aura.

In comparison, the Dreamer felt threatening but in a subtle way.

However, it wasn't as scary as their Specters, actually.

The Lover looked horrifying, and the Bleeding Lady put terror into every watcher.

But the Dreamer just seemed creepy.

"These are two new employees," Nick told the Dreamer. "They are Zephyx Extractors and already have experience in working with other Specters. Depending on how they do, they will be working with you from now on."

Naturally, the Dreamer showed no reaction whatsoever.

"Can it understand us?" Kiara asked.

The Dreamer didn't look at her.

"It feeds on mentality," Nick said. "It can understand us."

After that, Nick walked over and woke up Trevor.

"Morning already?" Trevor asked with a yawn.

"Yep," Nick said with a smile.

Then, Trevor turned to Jonathan and Kiara. "Don't worry. Working with the Dreamer is easy. You just gotta dream a bit."

Trevor laughed a bit before walking out.

"You two will do my shift today," Nick said. "You both get four hours each and if you produce enough Zephyx, you get to work with the Dreamer from now on."

The two of them nodded.

"Jonathan, you go first," Nick said.

Jonathan took a deep breath and walked over to the Dreamer.

"Just lay down or sit down somewhere," Nick said. "The Dreamer will put you to sleep."

Jonathan nodded, took another deep breath, and sat down near the wall.

When Jonathan saw the Dreamer walk over to him, his fight or flight instinct kicked in, and he started to sweat profusely.

Being in a vulnerable position in front of a Specter was a terrifying experience.

However, Jonathan had worked with scarier Specters, and he didn't panic.

After a bit, Jonathan felt his mind shifting, and a minute later, he was out.

Kiara watched nervously as Jonathan's head lost its strength and sank.

"And that's it," Nick said. "Four hours later, we'll wake him up, and you will take his place."

Kiara gulped and left the Containment Unit with Nick.

Nick talked with Wyntor for a while before he talked with Jenny and Trevor a bit more.

Four hours later, Nick checked the amount of Zephyx that Jonathan had produced in four hours.

'Five grams,' Nick thought with a nod. 'About average.'

Kiara and Nick entered the Containment Unit.

Nick told Kiara to wake Jonathan up and to take his place.

When Jonathan woke up, he was confused, but he quickly realized what had happened.

"Huh, that was easy," Jonathan commented. "Easier than working with the Bleeding Lady and far easier than working with the Lover."

Eventually, Kiara also fell asleep, and four hours later, Nick checked the Zephyx she had produced.

'Six grams,' Nick thought. 'I guess it makes sense to turn this from three eight-hour shifts into four six-hour shifts.'

Nick planned a bit and nodded.

From this day forward, all four employees would be working with the Dreamer each day.

And for the first time, Nick had time to actually do his actual job since he didn't need to work with the Dreamer anymore.

Nick's team had grown from two to four.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 161 161 – Tailing
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick sat on top of a tall building.

At this moment, Nick was wearing a white cloak, which almost seemed identical to the one that the spy had worn when Nick had killed her.

This time, Nick was the spy.

About a hundred meters away was another tall building, but this one was different since it even had actual windows made of actual glass.

Glass was an extremely rare and valuable material, and the only place one would usually find glass was in the Inner City.

Yet, this building had real windows.

Almost no other building in the Outer City had real glass.

This meant that this building belonged to a company that earned a lot of money.

Of course, that company was Cycle.

Even though Cycle didn't have many employees, getting a profit of 100,000 credits or more per month in the Outer City was ridiculously high.

One had to remember that everyone in the Outer City could only do business with others from the Outer City.

At most, there were 50,000 people living in the Outer City.

So, while a building with real windows was unaffordable for almost every company, Zephyx Manufacturers could buy something like that.

For the past day, Nick had kept watch over Cycle's building.

Stephen had died, and Jonathan and Kiara had switched to Dark Dream, which meant that Cycle should be in a lot of trouble.

And Nick was here to find an opportunity to actually end it.

His job was to see if there were truly no more Extractors remaining and to find an opportunity to assassinate the last of them.

According to Jonathan, there were only two more Extractors left, excluding Ardum.

A tall guy with a long sword, called Futuma, and a bald woman with a big staff, called Selina.

Funnily enough, Nick hadn't seen either of them within the last day, which meant that they were probably living inside the office for now.

Given the current situation, that was understandable.

Over the next couple of hours, only a couple of normal people were entering and leaving the building.

And then, finally, something interesting happened.

Nick saw a tall man with a long sword walking out of the entrance, and he narrowed his eyes.

'This must be Futuma,' Nick thought.

Without looking around, Futuma chose a direction and walked away from Cycle.

The way Futuma was walking made it seem like nothing was wrong.

'Should I follow him?' Nick thought. 'My ability is still active, which means he hasn't seen me.'

Naturally, it was possible that this was a trap. After all, Nick had set up the same trap two days earlier.

After a bit of hesitation, Nick decided to follow Futuma.

As long as his ability was still active, nobody was perceiving him.

Futuma kept walking towards the south, and Nick kept following him.

A couple of minutes later, Futuma walked out of the Outer City and reached the edge of the Dregs.

When Nick saw that, he became more nervous and furrowed his brows, looking around.

Futuma had to know that this was a perfect spot to ambush him.

So, why would he come here on purpose?

Was this truly a trap?

But no one could perceive Nick!

After all, his ability was still active.

Eventually, Futuma stopped in the middle of a run-down street where nobody was living.

And then, he just stopped moving.

He just looked forward without doing anything.

Nick looked around, his face scrunching up in discomfort.

Was there anybody following him?

Nick couldn't see anyone else on the rooftops or the streets.

The stench of the Dregs entered Nick's nose, and his facial muscles tensed in disgust.

As he looked around, Nick became more nervous and paranoid.

Why was Futuma just stopping in the middle of nowhere?!

This had to be a trap!

But his ability was still active!

Nick had to put his arm over his nose to cover the terrible stench.

A moment later, Nick had to suppress several coughs.

'What the hell is going on?' Nick thought as he realized that this wasn't normal.

Sure, the Dregs stunk a lot, but it had never been this intense.

Not even the sewers smelled this disgusting!

It was almost like…

'The Dung Heap!' Nick realized.

Jonathan and Kiara had said that they didn't know of anyone who had gained an ability from the Dung Heap.

They had heard from somebody advancing their ability through the Dung Heap, but they had never seen an Extractor directly getting one.

Stephen, for example, had advanced his ability through the Dung Heap.

Just like Kiara and Jonathan, Stephen had gained his ability from the Bleeding Lady, but compared to them, he was already a level two Extractor, and his ability had already advanced.

By using the Dung Heap, Stephen's bloody cut had gained an additional poison effect.

Still, while the two of them knew what the Dung Heap could do to elevate an ability, they didn't know the pure ability the Dung Heap could bestow.

Additionally, they also didn't know what kind of ability Futuma had since he kept his abilities secret.

Well, Nick now knew the answer to both questions.

The stench was absolutely horrifying, and breathing became quite difficult for Nick.

Even more, the effect of the ability was becoming stronger and stronger the more Nick breathed.

"I know somebody's here."

At that point, Futuma spoke.

Nick furrowed his brows as he tried to keep his breathing in check.

Activating such an ability over such a great area had to use up a lot of Zephyx, and Futuma was a Peak Newbie, just like Nick.

As long as Nick could hold out, he would be able to keep himself hidden until Futuma had to deactivate his ability.

'He's bluffing,' Nick thought. 'If he knew I was here, my ability would have deactivated.'

Silence.

"Do you think I'm bluffing?" Futuma asked his surroundings evenly.

Nick didn't say anything.

Silence.

"You don't know why Cycle is truly called Cycle, apparently," Futuma said.

"The Dung Heap's ability is a cycle."

"It leaves me and comes back."

"But when somebody breathes it in, it can't come back, which means my internal Zephyx recovers slower."

"That's how I know you're here."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 162 162 – Offer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick narrowed his eyes.

Was Futuma bluffing?

It sounded very convincing that he knew that someone was there.

Even more, since he didn't know where Nick was, Nick's ability remained active.

It was actually possible to know that Nick was somewhere close to someone without deactivating his ability.

At this moment, a strong internal conflict was happening inside Nick.

Was Futuma bluffing or not?

If he was bluffing, he should be running out of Zephyx pretty soon, and Nick could get the jump on him.

If he wasn't bluffing, Nick might actually die to the poison.

'It doesn't actually matter,' Nick thought with narrowed eyes. 'One possibility has a high chance of death while the other is just a missed opportunity.'

The truth was that Futuma wasn't bluffing.

The Dung Heap's ability allowed someone to give off poisonous gas.

When the poison wasn't being absorbed by any living thing, it would simply go back into the body of the person who used it, replenishing a part of their Zephyx.

Naturally, using this ability still consumed Zephyx since one couldn't reabsorb 100% of the poison they had given off, but the Zephyx used wasn't a big deal.

Nevertheless, the amount of Zephyx Futuma was getting back from using his ability was far lower than normal, which meant something big was breathing and absorbing his poison.

Futuma had spread his gas over a radius of 50 meters.

Unfortunately, while he knew that someone was there, he couldn't tell where they were.

He just knew that they had to be within a 50-meter radius of him.

And he also knew that it had to be an Extractor.

After all, any normal animal or human would have already died by now, and Specters don't breathe.

So, it had to be a Zephyx Extractor.

Zzzt!

At that moment, a blue spark appeared on top of one of the buildings.

Futuma looked over.

At that moment, Futuma saw a semi-transparent Barrier that was burning the gas he was releasing.

Naturally, this was Nick.

By activating his Barrier, Nick could protect himself from the poison, but the sound and visual effects of his Barrier would also reveal his location to Futuma.

Under normal circumstances, Nick would have just run away in secret.

"You want to talk?" Nick asked from his rooftop.

If Futuma wanted to kill Nick, he would have simply waited without saying anything while using some kind of method to contact Ardum.

At that point, Ardum would arrive with Selina, and they would search through the surroundings for Nick.

Yet, Futuma had said several things, and he had even explained his ability.

This meant that Futuma wasn't interested in killing Nick.

At least not right now.

Futuma could see Nick's appearance through the blue shimmer of his Barrier.

As Nick looked at Futuma, he saw his Barrier slowly vanishing.

Naturally, Nick hadn't deactivated his Barrier.

There simply wasn't more to block for the Barrier.

This meant that Futuma had pulled his poison back.

When Nick realized that, he deactivated his Barrier. After all, keeping it active drained a lot of Zephyx.

"You're Nick, the Chief Zephyx Extractor, right?" Futuma asked.

"Yes," Nick answered evenly from his rooftop.

"What happened to Jonathan and Kiara?" he asked.

"You're not asking about the fat man?" Nick asked back.

"It's obvious what happened to him," Futuma answered emotionlessly. "Someone with such dark secrets won't dare to betray Ardum."

Nick narrowed his brows.

Futuma had essentially confessed to knowing that Ardum and Stephen were monsters.

Apparently, not everyone fell for Ardum's spiel.

"They're working for me now," Nick answered.

Silence.

"How did you manage to convince them?" Futuma asked.

"The fat man had a Peddler Storage Token on him. I simply showed them what was inside," Nick said.

Futuma just raised an eyebrow. "That would do it," he said with an unimpressed tone.

"Why do you want to talk to me?" Nick asked again. "You're not fooled like the others."

"Ardum isn't the best actor," Futuma said, looking at Nick. "I never believed him for a single second, but compared to others, I simply didn't make a big deal of it."

"He knows that I know, and he knows that I don't care."

"If you got the power and the money, you can do whatever you want."

Nick wasn't a big fan of what he was hearing.

"You still haven't answered my question," Nick said with an emotionless voice.

Futuma looked into Nick's eyes without fear.

"Money and power," Futuma answered.

"I want money and power."

"Loyalty and fairness are unimportant in the face of money and power."

"Give me money and power, and I will be your ally."

"If I join Dark Dream, Cycle is done for," Futuma said.

Nick wasn't quite sure what he should think about that.

On the one hand, they could take down Cycle right now, but on the other hand, Futuma knew no such thing as loyalty.

In a certain way, it was like going into a relationship with someone who cheated on their current partner with you.

Sure, you would get the person, but that person had cheated on their partner.

This meant that the chances were high that they would also cheat on you.

Just like how Dark Dream could gain Futuma's power by offering more than Cycle, another Zephyx Manufacturer could do the same by offering more than Dark Dream.

Sadly, they probably also wouldn't be able to kill Futuma after hiring him and dealing with Cycle.

Someone like Futuma was smart enough to prepare for such an event.

Futuma would know that Dark Dream might want to kill him, and he would have certainly prepared something for that event.

Accepting Futuma would be troublesome.

It would be like accepting a snake to come into one's home.

"What do you have in mind?" Nick asked.

"A leadership role," Futuma said.

"I don't switch sides just because someone offers me more money. I also want more power."

"The money part won't be a problem for you since Cycle pays horribly, which just leaves the power part."

"I want a team leader position."

"Give me that, and I will join."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 163 163 – Protective Order
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at Futuma from afar with furrowed brows.

Should he accept or not?

There was definitely a major risk associated with this decision.

Would someone who was only interested in money and power be trustworthy enough to tell them some secrets?

With enough money, Futuma could maybe even be bought to become a spy.

Having a team leader as a spy would be devastating.

In fact, Nick didn't want to hire Futuma at all.

He simply didn't like him.

Compared to Nick, Futuma was only interested in his own gain.

It was almost like Futuma had no morals, which was in stark contrast to Nick, whose entire purpose in life was to make the world a better place.

However, Nick knew that things weren't that simple.

Jonathan and Kiara had told Nick about Futuma.

In Cycle, Futuma garnered a lot of respect from everyone.

In fact, almost all of the Extractors had seen Futuma as their Chief Zephyx Extractor instead of Stephen.

Whenever there was a major decision, the Extractors looked at how Futuma reacted before they gave their own answers.

From what the two of them had said, Futuma was the epitome of reliability, and he even pushed back on some policies that would have been detrimental.

Futuma was definitely a capable leader.

Having him as a team leader would be a tremendous asset to Dark Dream.

For a while, Nick just silently looked at Futuma as he evaluated his options.

"Fine," Nick said after several seconds.

"What do you have to offer?" Futuma asked.

"A position as the only team leader. When we expand in the future, there will be other team leaders as well, but you will be our first," Nick said.

"What about the money?" Futuma asked.

"You get 10% of all the Zephyx you produce yourself and 5% of all the Zephyx your team produces, including yourself," Nick said.

Wyntor and Nick had already talked about what Nick's team leaders would earn in the future.

When they finally hired a team leader, Nick's share of the profit would drop from 10% of what every Zephyx Extractor produced to 5%.

However, Nick's amount of work would also drop since he would only need to give orders to the team leaders instead of to the individual Zephyx Extractors.

Hypothetically, if there were five teams of five Extractors, Nick would only need to give orders to five people but would gain 5% of what 25 Extractors produced.

And since Extractors got 10% of what they produced, it would be like Nick was earning as much as 12.5 Extractors, while the team leaders earned as much as 3.5 Extractors since they were also working with Specters themselves.

The difference in earnings was monumental, but the amount of money the normal Extractors earned was still absolutely top.

By hiring Futuma, Nick's workload would drop even more, and he would only need to search for new Specters.

Although, he also needed to work with one Specter to increase his own level.

When Futuma heard Nick's offer, his eyebrows shot up in surprise.

Apparently, he genuinely hadn't expected such a good offer.

A second later, Futuma's brows furrowed, and he looked at the ground.

"Do you accept?" Nick asked after a bit.

Futuma looked at Nick again and nodded. "I presume you don't have a contract ready."

"I don't," Nick said.

A moment later, Futuma took a rolled-up piece of paper out of one of his pockets and unrolled it, showing it to the distant Nick.

"What is that?" Nick asked with furrowed brows.

"Insurance," Futuma said. "I'm not going to walk into Dark Dream without having signed a valid contract. I'm not a great fan of putting my life in someone else's hands."

"This piece of paper is a protective order. After signing it, if I die before we negate the protective order or before it is fulfilled, Dark Dream will have to pay a hefty fine of about 500,000 credits."

"Naturally, as soon as I have signed my employment contract, the protective order will be null and void."

"I want you to sign this on behalf of Dark Dream. Without this, I won't go near Dark Dream," Futuma said.

Nick looked at the distant Futuma with furrowed brows.

"I'll need to read this first," he said.

Futuma rolled the protective order up again and held it out in front of him.

A moment later, Nick jumped down from the building and walked up to Futuma.

Naturally, Nick was still careful about Futuma.

He wouldn't lower his guard until Futuma signed his actual employment contract.

After some seconds, Nick reached Futuma and grabbed the protective order.

Nick took a couple of steps back to be at a safe distance and glanced at Futuma warily.

While Nick started reading with much difficulty, he also kept glancing at Futuma.

Of course, Futuma got annoyed by Nick's constant vigilance and took several steps back.

Then, he turned around with his hands lifted up to show that he wasn't luring Nick into some sort of trap.

"Is that better?" Futuma asked. "Can you focus on reading now?"

Nick furrowed his brows as he glanced at the distant Futuma.

He didn't like Futuma's attitude, but he was right.

It did lower Nick's vigilance.

Nick returned to reading, but then, he glanced at Futuma again.

Futuma was turned away, not looking at Nick.

Then, Nick's eyes narrowed, and a gleam appeared in them.

DZZZZZZT!

Suddenly, Nick's Barrier shone in an aggressive blue light, and Nick felt like all of his power was being sapped away!

Immediately, Nick jumped to the side with all of his power.

CLINK! CLINK! CLINK! CLINK!

Nick saw several scalpels, scissors, knives, and saws hitting the ground after they flew past the spot where he had just been.

A poisonous green Aura emanated from all the small tools and weapons, and the metal of the streets around them started to rust.

If Nick hadn't been ready for a sudden attack, he would have died!

Luckily, he had noticed just in time that his ability hadn't reactivated after Futuma had turned around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 164 164 – The Torturer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Mere moments after Nick had noticed that his ability hadn't reactivated, he had turned his Barrier on.

If he hadn't done so, these many small objects would have skewered his body, and based on what he was seeing, he would have also been poisoned.

Without hesitation, Nick immediately looked to his back.

On top of the building where Nick had been earlier was a person.

Ardum.

At this moment, Ardum held several bloody tools in his right hand as he glared at Nick.

At the same time, Futuma spun to face Nick and narrowed his eyes.

Meanwhile, a person wearing a black cloak ran out from one street while they were holding a huge staff.

That was obviously Selina.

Based on all the reactions, Nick could tell that this had been a trap.

Selina and Ardum had probably been called over by a signal, but they hadn't attacked before Nick's vigilance had lowered.

Earlier, Nick had still been on one of the highest buildings in the surroundings, and he had constantly looked around.

So, they had waited until Futuma could convince Nick to lower his guard.

And it would have worked.

The only reason why they hadn't gotten Nick was the activation condition for his ability.

When Nick saw the bloody tools in Ardum's hands, he remembered what Wyntor had told him.

Naturally, Wyntor knew what kind of ability Ardum had since he was originally supposed to get the same one.

It was the ability of an Elder Specter, which was called the Torturer.

The Torturer was a moving pile of bloody tools, and even though it looked like a Possession Specter, it was actually a Physical Specter.

It gained power from causing pain, and working with it was one of the worst things.

However, it had probably the most useful ability out of all the Specters in Crimson Fungus City.

The ability allowed someone to conjure very durable and deadly tools in exchange for Zephyx.

But most important of all, this ability could be evolved in many different ways.

Naturally, this Specter was owned by Kugelblitz, and the very few Newbies Kugelblitz recruited would receive the Torturer's ability.

Interestingly enough, Albert also had the Torturer's ability, which meant that he had most likely been recruited by Kugelblitz before he had been a Zephyx Extractor.

As the son of a major shareholder of Kugelblitz, Ardum naturally also got the privilege of receiving the Torturer's ability, and based on what Nick had just seen, Ardum had probably evolved his ability by using the Dung Heap.

While Wyntor was smarter than him, Ardum was still extremely powerful and dangerous.

Nick was in trouble.

Especially since there was also Selina, who had the Bleeding Lady's ability.

The only good thing about this situation was that Futuma couldn't use his ability with his allies present.

As soon as Nick finished jumping to the side, he deactivated his Barrier.

The barrage Nick had just withstood had probably consumed over 80% of his Zephyx, which significantly weakened him.

While Barriers were essential for survival, if a Barrier consumed all of one's Zephyx, one would basically be unable to move.

So, even though they hadn't received any injuries yet, they would have already lost.

Because of that, Nick deactivated his Barrier after jumping to the side.

"I'm not surprised that you're a Chief Zephyx Extractor anymore," Futuma said as he pulled out his long sword.

"But you're still nothing compared to our Chief Zephyx Extractor."

Then, Futuma smiled.

"Which is me."

Since Nick had killed Stephen, Cycle needed a new Chief Zephyx Extractor, and Ardum had assigned the role to Futuma.

Because of that, Futuma hadn't even entertained the thought of joining Dark Dream.

After all, if they managed to destroy Dark Dream, Futuma would become a Chief Zephyx Extractor with five Specters he would be responsible for!

Nick just narrowed his eyes and didn't answer.

A moment later, Futuma was lunging at him as Ardum readied more of his tools.

Selina was still a bit away from the battle.

Nick gritted his teeth as Futuma's blade approached at surprising speeds.

Futuma definitely wasn't inexperienced in fighting other Extractors.

BANG!

Futuma's blade bounced back as Nick slapped it to the side with the long blade on his left arm.

A moment later, Nick already lunged forward with his right arm and aimed for Futuma's chest.

However, Futuma quickly stepped back.

DING!

And blocked Nick's strike with his blade.

Yet, the strongest aspect of fist weapons was their unparalleled attacking speed, and Nick's next attack was already on its way.

Futuma narrowed his eyes with a serious expression as he jumped back again.

But then, Nick jumped back.

SHING! SHING!

Two tools passed through the space between Futuma and Nick.

If Nick had continued attacking, he would have been impaled.

This was not a one-on-one battle.

If it were, Nick would be confident in winning against Futuma.

Sadly, it wasn't.

Ardum jumped down from the building as he readied more of his tools, and Futuma stopped retreating.

Selina was also coming dangerously close.

Nick continued jumping back.

"Kiara and Jonathan are still alive!" Nick shouted towards Selina.

Ardum narrowed his eyes as he glanced at Selina.

BANG!

The floor below Nick caved in as Selina's heavy staff hit it.

Luckily, Nick had jumped away just in time.

"Those traitors will be next!" Selina shouted in a cold voice.

Nick gritted his teeth.

Kiara had told Nick that Selina most likely wouldn't listen.

Selina was a very loyal person, and without concrete proof, she would attack Nick on sight.

Sadly, Nick didn't have proof of Ardum's and Stephen's conduct that he could take out just like this.

The only things that could convince Selina would be Jonathan and Kiara telling her directly about what they had seen and the child they had saved.

Sadly, none of these things could be put in a pocket and pulled out when one wanted.

At this moment, Ardum threw his next set of terrifying tools, and Nick had to jump away again.

Meanwhile, Futuma and Selina were charging at him.

Things were getting problematic.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 165 165 – How?!
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick jumped back once more while Futuma and Selina rapidly ran towards him.

Futuma and Selina were Peak Newbies, which meant that, on a baseline, they were just as physically strong as Nick.

Luckily, based on what Nick could see, they weren't focusing on training their bodies.

While they were definitely athletic, they didn't look like they dedicated their life to sports.

Futuma reached a full sprint as he held his long sword at his side, ready to explode forward with a strike.

Meanwhile, Selina wasn't as fast as Futuma. Her physique and her heavy weapon made her slower by quite a bit.

Ardum kept a certain distance from his two agents and kept conjuring poisoned tools.

Suddenly, Nick pulled out one of the three spears he carried with him and dropped it to the side.

The spear stuck into the ground, and Nick's three opponents could see how heavy it was.

The fact that Nick was running around with three of these was extremely shocking.

How would he even be able to throw them?!

With 30 kilos less on his person, Nick's speed increased, and he quickly took a bigger jump backward.

CLINK! CLINK!

Nick used his blades and blocked two tools that Ardum had thrown at him while jumping back.

When Ardum saw that, he gritted his teeth.

This had already turned out way worse than he had expected.

Nick was way stronger than anticipated!

Ardum was already quite frustrated and nervous.

After all, they were currently in the layer of buildings between the Dregs and the Outer City.

If Nick simply jumped across a couple of buildings, he would be entering populated space again, which would make things troublesome.

One had to remember that they were officially not allowed to fight.

If anyone witnessed them fighting and the guards investigated, Cycle would have to pay a hefty fine, and they would also receive a brutal warning.

Ardum had to kill Nick before he could flee into the city!

Otherwise, Nick would just land in a crowded street and casually walk forward, acting like he wasn't in a battle.

And Ardum wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

Nick landed on top of a low building and looked forward.

BANG!

Futuma also jumped towards the building's roof, keeping his sword ready.

Nick moved strangely, almost like he was pulling on something.

Immediately after, Nick fell backward, past the small building's roof.

"BEHIND YOU!"

At that moment, Ardum's urgent voice thundered throughout the surroundings, and Futuma immediately turned to look behind him.

The spear Nick had dropped earlier was currently almost above Futuma.

'How?!' Futuma thought in shock.

Luckily, the spear would pass over Futuma, based on its trajectory.

Meanwhile, Nick landed behind the building.

At this moment, nobody could see him, and his ability reactivated.

A Ghost Wire extended from Nick's right arm and stretched over the building, creating smoke at the edge of the building's roof.

Nick's eyes were narrowed.

And then, he pulled forward with all of his power.

CRRRRRR!

Immediately, an invisible cut appeared in the metallic building, created by the Ghost Wire.

Futuma's eyes widened in shock as the spear suddenly angled towards Futuma and shot at him.

Its speed was insane!

He couldn't react!

BOOOOOM!

A copper-colored Barrier appeared around Futuma.

Naturally, Futuma had his own Barrier, and he had already activated it when Ardum launched his first attack.

The spear hit the Barrier with insane power, and the Barrier shook violently.

However, Futuma's trajectory didn't change.

The Barrier that Futuma used also expended Zephyx to nullify the kinetic force of whatever was hitting it.

This naturally cost more Zephyx than the other kinds of Barriers, but it meant that Futuma wouldn't get stunned or thrown away by an attack.

The next moment, Futuma felt like the world around him was swimming and distorting.

This was a symptom of being critically low on Zephyx.

He wasn't out, but his concentration had already suffered quite a bit.

'How?!' Futuma thought in terror.

Nick had depleted nearly all of Futuma's Zephyx in an instant!

With one attack!

A Newbie shouldn't be able to do that!

To put this into perspective, Nick's Barrier managed to withstand over five poisoned tools that Ardum had thrown at him, and Ardum was an Early John!

But now, Nick, a Peak Newbie, had done even more damage with one attack than Ardum had done with five!

This shouldn't be possible!

DING!

Futuma immediately slashed the spear away from his Barrier with his sword.

On the other side of the building, Nick felt all the power he had put into the pull vanish.

'I got his Barrier,' Nick thought.

The next moment, Nick clicked on something on his right hand, and the Ghost Wire lost its connection to him.

Retrieving that spear was too troublesome right now.

Without hesitation, Nick jumped to the side and exploded forward.

With his ability active, his speed had increased substantially.

Futuma landed on the building, and the spear Nick had abandoned hit one of the other buildings.

Selina had slowed down in shock, but she quickly sped up again.

Ardum gritted his teeth violently.

BANG!

Ardum jumped forward, and he quickly passed by Selina, landing on the building.

"Don't engage him without me!" Ardum ordered. "He's too dangerous!"

Futuma nodded as he jumped past the building.

Selina also jumped onto the building.

Ardum sped past Futuma, and the two of them simultaneously fell towards the alley behind the building.

Then, their eyes widened.

Where was he?!

Nick had vanished!

In an instant, they found the only path Nick could have taken and ran down the alley.

Ardum passed Futuma and reached the turn that Nick had to have taken.

Cling!

At that moment, a part of Ardum's neck sparkled with a silver color.

Ardum looked down and saw an almost invisible wire on his neck.

SSSSSSSSSSS!

At that moment, the wire suddenly shot toward Ardum's right with incredible speed.

Ardum immediately understood what was happening, but it was too late to react.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 166 166 – Floor
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

CRACK!

The left side of Ardum's head sparkled silver as Nick's spear hit him.

Nick's spear had activated Ardum's Barrier.

However, Ardum's Barrier was very different from normal Barriers.

After all, Ardum was a potential heir to the Melfion family.

The silver sparkle had been Ardum's Barrier, which had created a thin film of energy over Ardum's clothing and skin, and when the spear was close to hitting Ardum, the Barrier's shape changed.

The Barrier stretched out and angled 30° to the side.

The spear hit the angled Barrier, and its trajectory changed so that it passed by Ardum instead of hitting him.

Naturally, quite a bit of the spear's force still hit the Barrier, but it was almost negligible.

Together with the five-to-one ratio of attacking Zephyx to defensive Zephyx of the Barrier, Ardum didn't even lose 10% of his Zephyx.

Inside the alley, Nick gritted his teeth.

He hadn't expected Ardum to be first.

If any of the other two had arrived, they would have been killed, most likely.

Sadly, Ardum's Barrier was just way too advanced and powerful.

However, even though Ardum didn't take any serious damage, his fear and anger still exploded.

Just now, he had felt like he was about to die, which made him absolutely furious!

How could such a nobody cause such panic in him?!

This was one of the greatest acts of disrespect that Ardum had ever experienced!

"You're going to pay for this!" Ardum spoke through gritted teeth with pure venom.

Nick didn't answer and just pulled out a black ball from one of his pockets.

BANG!

Nick threw the ball onto the ground in front of him, and a huge cloud of smoke filled the alleyway.

Ardum snorted.

The next moment, a silver flicker appeared in front of Ardum's eyes, and some kind of display appeared.

In Ardum's vision, the colors changed, but the smoke also seemingly vanished.

Naturally, such an expensive Barrier had more than a few utility effects.

Right now, Ardum could see how Nick ran into one of the buildings at the side.

Ardum aggressively shot forward.

BANG!

Ardum punched through the door of the building that Nick had just entered, and he quickly charged down one of the hallways.

Sadly, this one led into an empty room.

SHING!

The display in front of Ardum's eyes changed.

The colors became subdued, but there were several bright specks floating in the air.

These bright specks were particles that created human scent.

This meant that Ardum could essentially see Nick's smell with his eyes.

The particles were dispersing, but they were still far more concentrated in some spots than in others.

Naturally, this meant that Nick had been there.

Ardum rapidly charged forward again, following the trail of scent that Nick had left behind.

Eventually, Ardum reached another room.

The trail ended in front of a hole in the floor.

Ardum narrowed his eyes.

Did Nick jump into the sewers?

CRK!

Suddenly, an arm shot out of the hole and grabbed Ardum's ankle!

ZZZZZT!

But the next moment, a spark of lightning appeared around Ardum's ankle after it sparkled with a silver color.

The arm started to smoke and rapidly retreated back into the hole.

Obviously, such an obvious weakness as getting grabbed was something that the Barrier could deal with as well.

BOOOOM!

Suddenly, the floor below Ardum exploded as a foot kicked through it.

Ardum was flung forward, and his Barrier sparkled again.

'You want to throw me into the sewers?!' Ardum thought with absolute fury.

In the air, Ardum turned to Nick's foot and threw a scalpel at it.

DING!

Luckily, he missed.

The next moment, Ardum landed on the other side of the hole.

CRACK!

A blade shot through the floor and cut to the side.

CRK!

The plate Ardum was standing on collapsed, but he managed to jump to the side.

DING!

One of Ardum's knives hit the blade and bounced off.

The blade vanished.

BANG!

And reappeared at the edge of the room.

Then, it rapidly moved along the outside of the room.

Ardum gritted his teeth and threw his remaining tools at the flooring beside the blade.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The three tools punched through the floor.

SPLASH! SPLASH!

Two distant sounds of splashing appeared.

'Did I hit?' Ardum thought with furrowed brows.

Yet, the blade kept going around the room at incredible speeds.

Ardum focused on conjuring more tools.

Sadly, conjuring tools took some time.

Over the next couple of seconds, Ardum launched several tools at the spot where Nick should be, but he had no idea if he actually hit him or not.

When the room became too unstable, Ardum jumped to one of the walls and punched through it, keeping himself above the floor.

The floor began to shake, and the blade vanished.

While Ardum held himself up on the wall with his left hand, his right hand was ready to throw another three scalpels.

As soon as the floor fell down, Ardum would throw them at Nick!

BOOOM!

Yet, instead of falling, the floor suddenly shot upwards!

Ardum's eyes widened.

His entire vision was occupied by the floor of the room that was coming closer and closer.

Ardum's Barrier activated when the metal floor touched him, and a silver light appeared.

Behind the floor, Nick's eyes sparkled as the silver light of Ardum's Barrier shone through some of the holes in the floor.

Since the floor had already risen by a lot, Nick grabbed one of the walls of the room with his hands and kicked the floor in the direction of the silver light.

BANG!

The entire floor bent, and Ardum's eyes widened as it shot towards him.

CRACK!

The floor buried into the walls and ceiling in several places, getting stuck in them.

At that moment, Ardum gritted his teeth and also kicked the floor.

BANG!

The floor bent in more places, and Nick could see the spot that Ardum had just kicked from the other side.

BANG!

An extremely powerful impact bent the floor again, and Ardum's Barrier shone again.

This kick had just consumed nearly 3% of Ardum's Zephyx!

With the ceiling above it and the wall behind it, Ardum's Barrier couldn't redirect the force of the strike, which meant that it was forced to block it directly.

BANG!

Ardum kicked forward again, bending more of the floor.

BANG! BANG!

Yet, more powerful attacks came from the other side of the floor, using up more of Ardum's Zephyx.

Worst of all, Ardum couldn't tell where Nick was!

He knew that Nick was somewhere behind the floor, but he didn't know where!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 167 167 – Splash
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

BANG! BANG! BANG!

The floor got bent in more and more places as Nick and Ardum punched and kicked it.

Some seconds later, more and more parts of the floor fell into the sewers.

The amount of floor in the room was decreasing.

Yet, Ardum still couldn't find Nick!

Where the fuck was he?!

In a rare moment of peace, Ardum used his knives and created large cuts on the floor in front of him.

As long as he could see Nick, he would be able to kill him!

The only reason why Nick had been able to fight him evenly was because Ardum couldn't properly use his ability like this.

At least, that was what Ardum thought.

After more cutting, almost all the floor in the room had fallen into the sewers below, and Ardum could finally see the entire room.

Nothing!

Nick wasn't here!

Then, Ardum saw a small hole in the ceiling near the other wall, and Ardum immediately realized what had happened.

BANG!

At that moment, a blade shot through the ceiling above Ardum and hit his head.

Ardum's Barrier blocked the blade.

CRACK!

But compared to Futuma's Barrier, Ardum's Barrier didn't negate kinetic energy unless it was programmed to do so.

Ardum lost his grip on the wall behind him and shot down.

Ardum's eyes widened in horror and fury, and he turned to look up.

Through the bit of sunlight coming from behind Nick, Ardum could see Nick's silhouette through the hole that Nick's hand had just made.

Immediately, Ardum threw all his knives at Nick in a last-ditch effort to kill him.

DING! DING! DING!

Nick moved to the side, and the three knives punched through the ceiling in front of Nick.

"I WILL-"

SPLASH!

Ardum couldn't finish his dramatic shout as he fell into the sewers, and his mouth got filled with liquid that only a limited number of people would call water.

Nick moved forward again and looked into the sewers through the hole.

'If he has a similar reaction to Wyntor, he will be out of the fight for a while,' Nick thought.

Then, Nick slowly snuck forward on the second floor of the building.

While he was doing so, Nick clutched the right side of his abdomen.

A lot of blackened blood was flowing out of that spot.

Ardum had hit him with one of his knives when Nick had been cutting through the floor.

The spot where the knife had hit Nick hurt like hell and burned like crazy.

It felt like Nick's insides were decomposing.

BANG!

Nick heard a loud crash from below him.

It sounded like someone had kicked a door open.

On the first floor, Futuma and Selina charged forward.

Earlier, they had seen Ardum get hit by a spear and charge into a smoke-filled alley.

The two of them had run through the smoke-filled alley, but they didn't see anyone on the other side of the smoke cloud.

They had been searching for Ardum and Nick until they heard and saw three knives shooting through the roof of one of the buildings.

Ardum had to be in here!

The two of them searched through every room on the first floor.

Some seconds later, Futuma nearly fell into the sewers as he entered a room without a floor.

Luckily, he had reacted quickly enough and grabbed the floor behind him.

"Ugh, cough, cough, huuuuuur."

Futuma heard the sounds of violent coughing and heaving from below him and looked down.

There, he saw his boss, Ardum, puking his guts out.

He was swimming in the "water".

Ardum saw Futuma. "Don't- huuurh, don- huuuurh, do- argh!"

Futuma furrowed his brows as he tried to decipher what Ardum wanted to tell him.

BOOOOOM!

Futuma's copper-colored Barrier exploded into pieces, and his eyes widened in shock and horror.

Behind him, a hole had appeared in the floor of the first floor.

And in the wall behind it.

And in the floor of the second floor.

Yet, Futuma's chest also had a hole.

Nick had been watching Futuma through the light-holes in the second floor, and when he had seen Futuma hanging from the floor, he knew that his opportunity had arrived.

Nick remembered where Futuma was, ran to the room beside the one he was staying in, and threw his spear with all of his power through the floors, walls, and Futuma's chest.

Splash!

At that moment, a part of the sewers splashed.

Nick's spear had landed.

But the next moment, a tiny wire that was going through Futuma's chest strained.

BANG!

And Nick's filth-covered spear enlarged the hole in Futuma's chest as it shot back.

Futuma lost the strength in his arm and fell into the sewers.

BANG!

Right on top of Ardum, who was pushed below the surface again while he was coughing, gorging himself on another mouthful of sewer soup.

BANG!

A door was kicked open, and Selina charged through the room.

But then, she suddenly stopped and barely managed to avoid stepping into the room without floor.

She had just heard a sound coming from here.

Selina quickly looked into the sewers, but she couldn't see anything.

There was just water.

Then, she looked around.

That was when she saw a suspicious hole in the ceiling.

'That hole is the same size as the enemy's spear,' she thought with narrowed eyes.

BOOOOOM!

Selina's Barrier exploded.

Her eyes immediately lost all focus, and she fell backward.

There was now a sizable hole in her face.

CRACK!

And the hole became even larger as Nick's spear passed through it again.

Splash!

At that moment, Ardum broke past the surface again and took a deep breath.

BANG!

And was pushed under again by Selina's corpse.

On the second floor, Nick chuckled a bit.

"Ow!" he suddenly shouted as he clenched his abdomen in pain.

Nick removed his hand and saw that it was covered in blackened blood.

'I have to deal with this,' he thought.

BANG!

Nick punched through the ceiling and went to the roof of the building.

Then, he ran to the place where he had talked with Futuma earlier and grabbed his spear.

Finally, Nick ran towards the Outer City.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 168 168 – Hospital
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick jumped from building to building as quickly as he could.

The injury in his abdomen didn't feel good at all.

However, before Nick dealt with the injury, he had to quickly tell Wyntor about what had just happened.

In just a few minutes, Nick ran into Dark Dream.

As soon as he arrived, everyone turned to look at him since he had just violently thrown open the doors.

Immediately, the people noticed that Nick was injured and that he was bleeding.

"Nick!" Trevor shouted in urgency as he ran over to Nick.

Nick pulled him closer and whispered into his ear.

"Futuma and Selina are dead," Nick whispered. "Ardum is the only Zephyx Extractor left in Cycle. You have to tell Wyntor immediately!"

When Trevor heard that, his eyes widened in shock.

It was over?

The war was over?

Then, Trevor realized that Nick had essentially dealt with Cycle completely on his own.

Jenny and he hadn't done anything to help.

Completely on his own, Nick had gotten two Extractors from Cycle to join Dark Dream while killing four others, including the first spy.

One of them had even been a John!

"Nick, what about-"

"No time!" Nick shouted as he ran towards the exit. "I'll talk to you later!"

Trevor blinked a couple of times in shock, but he quickly realized that Nick was probably dealing with his injury.

"What did he say?" Kiara asked after walking to Trevor.

Over the past two days, Kiara and Jonathan had become familiar with the people of Dark Dream, and they didn't feel nearly as uncomfortable as they had anticipated.

Dark Dream was actually pretty nice to be in.

"I have to get Wyntor," Trevor said with furrowed brows before he ran to one of the assistants.

It was currently in the evening, and Wyntor wasn't in Dark Dream right now.

Meanwhile, Nick was rapidly running towards the place that had healed him when he had caught the Dreamer.

Nick stormed through the doors, and the clerk behind the counter raised her eyebrows in shock.

BANG!

Nick slammed his bank card on the counter. "I've been poisoned by a powerful ability from a level two Specter! Heal it!"

The clerk's eyes widened, and she quickly punched a button below the counter.

"Walk in that direction!" she said, pointing towards her right. "The team will meet you on your way!"

Nick nodded and quickly walked down the hallway.

About five seconds later, a big door at the end of the hallway opened, and four people quickly ran through it.

As soon as they saw Nick's uniform and his condition, they knew that he was their client.

One of them ran forward with a metallic bed on wheels and practically pushed Nick onto it.

After that, they pushed Nick into a big and brightly lit room with many little vials adorning the walls.

One had to remember that this was not a hospital in the classical sense.

This was a branch of a huge organization that had access to a powerful Specter that exchanged human life with healing liquid.

The people who pushed Nick in were also not really doctors.

They definitely knew a lot about the human body, but their main duty was to assess the damage and level of the client while choosing the correct mix of liquids to ensure optimal recovery.

Naturally, this service was not cheap at all.

In fact, it was so expensive that only Zephyx Extractors could afford it.

The main reason wasn't that Zephyx Extractors had a lot of money but because the Zephyx Manufacturers employing them would pay in case the Extractor couldn't.

Healing a badly wounded Extractor was extremely expensive, but losing an experienced Extractor was even more expensive.

Someone in the team rapidly opened Nick's uniform with practiced ease and threw it to the side.

Now, everyone could see the injury.

"The kidney has been hit and is poisoned," one of them said.

The others nodded solemnly.

"What's the level of the poison?" he asked Nick.

"Adolescent Specter," Nick said.

The man furrowed his eyes in displeasure. "Young man, you have to be honest. We are not with the guards, and we do not care whether or not you broke the law. I can see that this is not a wound that a Specter would usually inflict. Are you sure this came from a Specter?"

Nick took a deep breath. "Early level two Extractor," he said. "I got hit by a poisoned knife."

The leading doctor nodded. "Do you know if the poison effect was the Extractor's primary ability or an evolution?"

"Evolution," Nick answered.

"Are you certain?" the doctor asked.

"I am certain," Nick said.

The doctor nodded and turned to one of his people. "Get me B6 and H67," he ordered.

One of the people nodded and ran towards one of the big cabinets.

After opening it, the man grabbed one of the bottles before he ran to a different cabinet and did the same thing.

One of the bottles was blue, while the other was violet.

The doctor opened the violet bottle and put it over Nick's festering wound.

Skillfully, the doctor dropped six drops of violet liquid onto Nick's wound.

The liquid vanished rather quickly, almost like it had entered Nick's body through his wound.

Some moments later, Nick calmed down as a cool and refreshing feeling washed over his body.

"How do you feel?" the doctor asked.

"Calm… better…" Nick said slowly.

The doctor nodded and grabbed the other bottle.

Then, he very carefully dropped one drop of blue liquid onto Nick's wound.

A moment later, Nick's eyes shot open, and he took an insanely deep breath.

Almost immediately, Nick shot up from the metallic bed.

The other people had already retreated since they were used to that reaction.

Just now, Nick felt like someone had injected pure adrenaline into him.

"How do you feel?" the doctor asked again.

Nick looked with surprise at the doctor.

"I feel amazing!" he said in wonder.

The doctor nodded. "You've been cured."

"Please go to the front desk and tell them that you are healed."

"Have a nice day."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 169 169 – Kill Me
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A group of five people stood in front of a tall building.

The people wore uniforms with red and black colors, the same colors as the standard Zephyx Extractor uniforms.

However, compared to those, these uniforms looked to be of higher quality, and their shape was also slightly different, giving off more authority.

On these uniforms were emblems depicting mushrooms in front of building silhouettes.

The people in the Outer City saw these kinds of uniforms even rarer than Zephyx Extractor uniforms.

These uniforms were the uniforms of the official city forces, and they all worked and resided in the Inner City.

One could also call the people who wore these uniforms the guards of the Inner City.

Naturally, since the Inner City was where all the rich and influential people lived, the level of the guards there was also vastly higher than in the Outer City.

All of these guards were Zephyx Extractors or ex-Zephyx Extractors.

When a Zephyx Manufacturer became big enough to have their own emblem, they were also required to support the city with more than just credits.

Namely human power.

At that point, the Zephyx Manufacturer needed to dedicate 20% of their Extractors to the city officials.

So, if a Manufacturer had about 20 Veterans and 100 Johns, they would need to dedicate at least four Veterans and 20 Johns to the city.

These Zephyx Extractors would work for eight hours each day for the city.

This meant that these Extractors wouldn't have any time to work with any Specters or for the Manufacturer.

Of course, the city also paid these Extractors, but the Manufacturers almost always had to pay their Extractors on top of that since the city's pay was horrendous.

The Extractors that were dedicated to the city would work as guards, officials, tax collectors, and so on.

But most of them were essentially just doing nothing.

It didn't take a lot of manpower to run the city.

The real reason why every Manufacturer needed to dedicate 20% of their forces to the city was to make a revolt impossible.

With 20% of all the Extractors in their pocket, the city could fight any Manufacturer that wanted to rise against it.

However, while this seemed like a horrible disadvantage for Manufacturers, it actually wasn't.

After all, someone who was working for the city had a lot of power and could sway some things.

The more people a Manufacturer had in the city's forces, the more advantages they could get with the law.

For example, there had to be at least one Zephyx Manufacturer that was causing illegal deaths in the Inner and Outer City because of one of their Specters, but the guards didn't know which Manufacturer it was.

Naturally, that was because that Manufacturer had so many people in the guards that they could keep such a huge operation hidden.

And right now, five of these people stood in front of Cycle's building in the Outer City.

The four people in the back had emblems with two mushrooms on them, which meant that they were level two Extractors who were currently working for the city.

When an Extractor worked for the city, they would wear the city's uniform, making it impossible to tell from which Zephyx Manufacturer this Extractor came.

One could only tell that these four were Johns.

Compared to these four, the person in the front had three mushrooms on his emblem, which meant that he was a Veteran.

Just now, the leading person had tried to open the front door to Cycle, but it didn't open.

That was a bit unusual since it was 9 a.m.

After some time, the guard frowned.

DUNG! DUNG! DUNG!

He knocked with a lot of force three times, shaking the entire entrance area.

"This is the City guard. Open the door!" the guard shouted.

No answer.

This continued for almost five minutes.

The guard just kept knocking and shouting.

"Seems like we got a winner," the leading guard commented.

The other guards looked with curiosity at the closed doors.

It wasn't every day that a Manufacturer went out of business.

The leading guard pulled out a thin golden blade and rammed it into the slit between two doors.

DING!

He moved the blade down and cut through the lock with a lot of force.

Finally, he pushed forward, and the door opened without any resistance.

When the door opened, the guards smelled a thick stench of blood coming out from the building.

The main hall was very clean, but it smelled like it was coated in blood.

The guards behind the leading guard became nervous.

Johns rarely fought Extractors or Specters, and whenever a Manufacturer was about to go under, they often resisted with force or just released their Specters.

And since these Specters were a danger to the city, the guards had to take care of them.

"Don't worry," the leading guard said as he strode into the building confidently. "Based on the report, this Manufacturer only has one Adolescent and two Hatchlings."

The other guards sighed in relief when they heard that.

The building was eerily silent as they continued walking towards the end of the main hall.

When they reached the counter, the stench of blood became even thicker.

No one was standing at the counter.

The leading guard approached the counter and looked behind it.

"Ah, that's where the stench is coming from," he said.

The other guards followed and also looked behind the counter.

They saw a huge pile of bloody minced meat.

It was like a pig had been thrown into a meat grinder and then just dumped here.

"Looks like the doing of a Specter," the leading guard said.

The other guards gulped nervously.

"Kill me."

A chill ran down the guards' necks as they heard the soft but almost lifeless voice of a young woman coming from one of the hallways.

"Please… kill me…"

The voice became louder, and some moments later, they saw someone stepping out of the hallway.

It was a severely bleeding naked lady with long black hair.

Her fingernails were over 20 centimeters long and extremely sharp.

A moment later, the woman raised her head, and she looked at the guards.

Her eye sockets were empty.

There were only two dark and bloody holes.

"Kill me…"

"Kill me!"

"KILL ME!"

"KIIIIIILLLL MEEEEEE!"

And then, she charged forward.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 170 170 – Wrapping Things Up
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"That's what happened," Wyntor said to the five people in front of him.

Right now, Nick, Jenny, Trevor, Jonathan, and Kiara were standing in front of Wyntor, who had just told everyone about what the guards had found in Cycle.

"He really freed all the Specters without telling anyone?" Kiara asked in shock.

Wyntor nodded. "Ardum is an egomaniac. He doesn't care about anyone else when there is something even mildly bothering him. He is the most important thing, and if he accidentally slightly stubs his toe, he wouldn't care if he had to kill a thousand people to make the pain go away."

At that moment, Wyntor had to chuckle a bit. "And with what Nick told me Ardum went through, I doubt that he had anything but rage and hatred in his mind."

Trevor and Jenny also chuckled.

Nick had already told them how he had thrown Ardum into the sewers.

"Did anyone survive?" Jonathan asked with worry.

After all, he had worked with the people in Cycle for a long while, and he didn't want to see any of them die.

Except for Ardum, maybe.

"Two of the guards and one of the clerks managed to flee," Wyntor said. "The others were killed by the Specters."

Kiara sighed. "Why? Why did this have to happen?"

"Well, when you know that the city is about to come and repossess your company, the only thing you can do is make it as difficult as possible for them to get your stuff," Wyntor explained.

"He can't destroy the building since it is leased in his name, and he doesn't own it."

"He can't just randomly kill his people since that would be considered sabotage."

"The only thing he can do is let out all the Specters and act like it was an accident."

Nick furrowed his brows. "Is there no way to fool the city? Ardum is also a Melfion, right? Shouldn't there be some way to deal with the inspection?"

"He already did everything he could," Wyntor explained. "While the building is leased in his name, Cycle doesn't officially belong to him."

"It doesn't?" Nick asked in surprise.

"No," Wyntor answered while shaking his head. "Officially, his Chief Zephyx Extractor owns 51% of Cycle. Naturally, unofficially, he owned all of it, but only the official accounts matter."

"He can claim that he had raised the issues regarding personnel and the Specters potentially breaking out with the Chief Zephyx Extractor, who just ignored all the issues."

"And since the Chief Zephyx Extractor officially owns the majority of the company, he couldn't do anything without the Chief Zephyx Extractor's permission."

"Under normal circumstances, when your business is judged to be unfit to hold Specters, you also receive a hefty fine and a long mandatory work sentence for endangering the city."

"Yet, since Ardum didn't officially own most of his business, he can't be held accountable, which means he won't lose any of his personal wealth."

The five Extractors were not happy when they heard that.

Ardum would get away scot-free?!

That was so unfair!

"Will Ardum take his revenge?" Jonathan asked.

"That won't be easy," Wyntor answered. "Since he officially failed to earn his inheritance, he has to get access to the family fortune via the traditional route."

"Becoming strong enough to actually control a major part of the Melfion family."

"He will need to become an Expert at the very least, and if he actually wants to control a substantial amount of the family's power, he will need to become a Specialist, a level five Extractor."

"Kugelblitz will hire Ardum as a level two Extractor, and he will have to work his way up the ladder."

"Due to our family name, he will get the job, but as soon as he is officially part of Kugelblitz, he has to work just as hard as anyone else."

"And Kugelblitz is very strict with how their employees conduct themselves."

"Kugelblitz represents Crimson Fungus City, and if one of their employees is found to use their position to suppress people outside Kugelblitz, they will terminate that employee and make sure that they don't find a job anywhere else."

"If you want to make it in Kugelblitz, your conduct has to be exceptional and exemplary."

"While Ardum definitely hates us, and Nick specifically, he won't sacrifice his life and future for revenge," Wyntor explained.

"Ardum might be an impulsive idiot, but that's for my standards, not for general standards."

"He isn't dumb enough to throw his life away for something like that."

The Extractors had mixed feelings.

On the one hand, they were glad that Ardum most likely wouldn't cause problems for them in the future.

But on the other hand, they felt like all of this was so unjust and unfair.

Even though Ardum had done all of these horrible things, he would still get an amazing job in Kugelblitz.

Ardum's fate after messing up everything was a fate that nearly everyone in the city wished for.

It was so unfair.

Everyone remained silent for several seconds.

"On a positive note," Wyntor continued, "the guards captured all three Specters and put them back into their Containment Units. Dark Dream has also received the ownership of all these Specters."

A collective sigh of relief was released.

They had still been a bit nervous about whether or not they would get the Specters.

"And not only that," Wyntor said.

The others looked at Wyntor with raised eyebrows.

"I also got into contact with the owner of the building, and I managed to acquire the lease for the building."

The eyes of the Zephyx Extractors opened widely.

"The building is far better than the warehouse we are in right now. In fact, it has space for up to 20 Containment Units of regular size. On top of that, we will have plenty of rooms for all kinds of things."

"While the lease is quite expensive, it's not an issue."

"After all, we now officially own five Specters."

At that point, Wyntor began to smile brightly.

After a bit, Nick also smiled.

Dark Dream was about to undergo another evolution!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 171 171 – New Home
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A group of around 20 people stood in front of the tall building that had once belonged to Cycle.

Almost all the employees of Dark Dream had gathered here.

Nick and Wyntor were at the front, and the four Zephyx Extractors, Jenny, Jonathan, Kiara, and Trevor, were behind them.

Behind the Zephyx Extractors were six guards, three of whom had worked for Dark Dream before, with the other three being new hires.

Since their new building was no longer as open as the warehouse, they needed more guards to patrol the individual corridors.

Behind the guards were six clerks and assistants whose job it was to receive guests and deal with all the day-to-day matters, like cleaning and sending messages.

Right now, all of these people looked at the tall building with wonder and excitement.

This was where they were going to work from now on!

Finally, they could get out of that shitty old warehouse!

Now, they felt like they were working for an actual Zephyx Manufacturer.

"Let's go inside," Wyntor said as he gestured for everyone to follow.

Nick nodded and looked with a threatening expression behind him.

At the Dreamer.

Naturally, the Specters had to move into the new building as well.

Luckily, since Dark Dream only had two Specters, they didn't need to put a lot of effort into moving.

The Screaming Coffin was being carried by Jonathan and Trevor, and the Dreamer was standing in the middle of all the Extractors.

The Screaming Coffin didn't care about anything and was simply lazing around, still busy digesting the fat man's corpse, and if the Dreamer decided to escape, it would get shut down by five Extractors.

Usually, moving Specters from one building into another was a huge act that required a long time, but since they only had two, it wasn't a big deal.

Fortunately, the people who sold the Containment Units also offered a moving service.

They would build a Containment Unit identical to the old one in the new building.

Then, the Zephyx Manufacturer would move the Specter from one Containment Unit into the other.

Lastly, the old Containment Unit would be taken away by the sellers.

This service cost around 10% of what the Containment Unit was worth.

This meant that there were already two fitting Containment Units for the Screaming Coffin and the Dreamer in the new building.

A moment later, the group of people walked into the building.

"Mind showing us around?" Wyntor asked as he looked at Kiara and Jonathan. After all, they had worked in this building just days ago.

"Of course!" Jonathan said with a smirk.

By now, Jonathan and Kiara had warmed up to their new colleagues, and Jonathan's confident attitude had returned.

"Hmph," Kiara uttered from the side. "Look at how cocky you sound. Hard to believe that you nearly shat your pants when you saw boss for the first time."

Some of the people chuckled, while Jonathan became red in the face.

"This is the main hall," Jonathan said like he hadn't just been humiliated. "There are several staircases on each side. In case one of them collapses, we can still use the other ones."

"The building has seven floors, and the middle five are for the Containment Units. The first floor is for entertaining guests, and it acts as a safe meeting place."

"The seventh floor was always reserved for the business end of things. The seventh floor has meeting rooms and offices. On top of that, the central controls for the building are also there."

"The Dung Heap is on the-"

"That's enough. Thank you, Jonathan," Wyntor said, interrupting him.

Jonathan realized that he had nearly unveiled the identities of all the Specters in front of the normal employees and became ashamed.

Luckily, everyone knew the Dung Heap already since it had been Cycle's main Specter.

On the side, Kiara smirked in Schadenfreude.

She had never truly been a fan of Jonathan, and after Jonathan had surrendered without even putting up a fight, she hated him even more.

"I'll leave you to look around the building," Wyntor said as he looked at the non-Extractors. "For now, nothing but the Containment Units are off limits since we haven't officially moved in yet. Get familiar with your new workplace for today. Starting tomorrow, you will officially resume working."

The employees nodded and thanked Wyntor.

Then, Wyntor turned to the Extractors. "Let's deal with the Specters," he said before walking towards one of the staircases on the right.

The normal employees understood that they were not supposed to follow Wyntor and the others right now and decided to remain in the main hall for now.

The stairway was pretty wide, with a big open area in the middle.

It was specifically designed like that so that Zephyx Extractors could quickly go from one floor to the other.

For example, Nick could climb onto the fortified railing and jump from the seventh floor to the third floor by jumping through the large empty area in the middle.

Wyntor and Nick walked at the front, and Nick kept looking at the Dreamer.

The Dreamer just looked forward with dead eyes.

Right now, the Dreamer was not restrained at all, even though Dark Dream could have done so.

The reason was to reward the Dreamer for being cooperative.

It was also a little show of trust, even though it essentially wasn't since it wouldn't be able to escape from five Extractors anyway.

Naturally, Dark Dream didn't trust the Dreamer at all.

All of this was just an empty expression to make it more comfortable for the Dreamer so that it didn't try to escape.

Well, obviously, the Dreamer would try to escape, but it wouldn't try with desperation as long as it was somewhat happy.

The group of people climbed all the way to the fifth floor and entered the main hallway again.

The fifth floor looked very different from the first one.

There was one hallway that went from left to right and three hallways that went from forward to backward.

One hallway went through the middle of the floor, and the two others went through the sides.

This essentially split the floor into two parts, and each part had space for two Containment Units.

The employee entrances of the Containment Units were in the middle hallway, and the entrances for the Specters were in the side hallways.

The group of people led the Dreamer down one of the side hallways.

A moment later, one of the walls split open after giving off a loud alarm.

Without being ordered, the Dreamer walked into the Containment Unit.

Then, the Containment Unit closed.

The Dreamer had moved into its new home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 172 172 – Floors
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After putting the Dreamer into its new home, the group dumped the Screaming Coffin into its Containment Unit on the second floor.

Wyntor had also told everyone about how he planned on dividing the Specters.

Nearly every floor would be dedicated to a different kind of Specter.

The second floor was dedicated to Possession Specters, and it had the Screaming Coffin and the Dung Heap.

The Dung Heap wasn't really a Possession Specter, but it essentially acted like one.

The Dung Heap was a Physical Specter with an actual body, but it couldn't move very fast, which was why it essentially acted like a Possession Specter.

Wyntor decided to keep the Dung Heap on the second floor with the Screaming Coffin because of that.

Possession Specters very rarely escaped, and the second floor was the closest to the exit, which was why they were on that floor.

The third and fourth floors were for general Physical Specters.

Physical Specters were the most numerous, which was why Wyntor dedicated two floors to them.

Well, he actually dedicated three floors to them, but that would be explained later.

Right now, they only had one normal Physical Specter, which was the Bleeding Lady.

She was residing on the third floor.

The fifth floor was for Specters that fed on mentality.

Wyntor wanted to keep these kinds of Specters separate from all the others because of the normal employees.

Accidents always happened, and it was possible that some of the Specters might gain the ability to influence people beyond their Containment Unit.

Naturally, Zephyx Extractors had a great resistance to these kinds of things, but normal people didn't.

Because of that, Wyntor wanted to keep these kinds of Specters off-limit from all the normal employees.

Only Zephyx Extractors were allowed on the fifth floor.

No clerks or guards were allowed to enter it.

In fact, after today, Wyntor would also include himself in that list.

While Wyntor was a Mid Newbie, he didn't want to get into the bad habit of ignoring his own regulations.

At some point, Dark Dream would have stronger Specters.

Then, Wyntor's mental resistance would barely be better than the resistance of a normal person.

And as the CEO, it would be really bad if a Specter were to control him.

Finally, the sixth floor was for Force Specters.

Dark Dream didn't have any right now.

This was how all the floors were set up.

Naturally, the normal employees would feel nervous when entering any of the floors with Containment Units on them, but they would be especially scared of the fifth floor.

Normal employees didn't know what kind of Specters Dark Dream owned, which was why they didn't know why they were not allowed to enter the fifth floor.

That made the fifth floor extremely scary to them.

What kind of Specter was stored on the fifth floor that they were not even allowed to clean that place?!

But that wasn't the only concerning floor.

The second floor was also concerning, but not for a reason such as danger.

It was just annoyance and disgust.

The Dung Heap's smell couldn't perfectly be contained in its Containment Unit, which meant that its odor permeated throughout the second floor.

The second floor smelled like rotten garbage all the time, and the employees hated going there.

Luckily, it wasn't dangerous.

It was just disgusting.

"I'm going to set up the seventh floor," Wyntor told Nick. "You should get everyone familiar with the new Specters before work tomorrow."

Nick nodded. "What about the new employees?"

"They will come next week," Wyntor said. "I already signed the contract with them and Ghosty's Lab."

Ghosty's Lab had the most Newbies, and surprisingly, they were not against other Manufacturers taking their Newbies.

The reason was the release fee.

Ghosty's Lab hired more Newbies than they actually needed since they knew that other Manufacturers were going to poach them.

The release fee for a Newbie was more than the Newbie brought in within a year.

This was essentially free money for Ghosty's Lab.

Since Dark Dream needed more Extractors, Wyntor had taken out a loan and bought three more Extractors.

The three Extractors were just Early Newbies, but they were already far better than normal people.

They had been tested by Ghosty's Lab.

They had already worked with Specters.

They already had some experience.

And most of all, they had the standard ability that most of the Extractors from Ghosty's Lab had.

The Adult Specter Metalmorphosis.

Metalmorphosis was a floating ball of liquid metal, and it gained power by causing terror and fear.

Extractors that work with it got its ability, which was useful for almost everything.

The ability allowed Extractors to reshape metal into all kinds of shapes.

Weapons, tools, walls, whatever.

While the base ability was not amazing for fighting, it could be mutated in many different ways.

For example, if one of these people evolved this ability with the Dung Heap, they might be able to create a thin wave of metal with poisonous properties.

It would essentially be like a wave of acid.

The three Newbies that Wyntor had bought all had the base ability of the Metalmorphosis.

After hearing that the three new employees would come next week, Nick nodded. "Good. I will teach them about all the Specters when they're here."

Wyntor chuckled. "I would assume so. It's your job, after all."

Nick laughed a bit in embarrassment.

"Anyway, be careful with the new Specters. I heard the Lover and the Bleeding Lady are scarier than the Dreamer," Wyntor said.

Kiara and Jonathan nodded, showing their agreement.

In their opinion, the Bleeding Lady was the scariest Specter, followed by the Lover.

"No worries," Nick said.

"I don't have any," Wyntor answered before he went into the stairway to go to the seventh floor.

After Wyntor left, Nick looked at his four employees.

Kiara and Jonathan were a bit excited, while Trevor and Jenny were a bit worried.

"I would say, let's get the hard part out of the way first," Nick said.

"Wanna start with the Bleeding Lady?"

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 173 173 – The Bleeding Lady
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The five people went to the third floor.

Right now, only the Bleeding Lady was on the third floor.

Kiara led everyone to the Containment Unit containing the Bleeding Lady and showed them how to operate it.

The Containment Unit that Ardum had bought for the Bleeding Lady was even better than the one that currently housed the Dreamer, and it had a couple more functions.

After that, Kiara looked at Jonathan. "You show him."

Jonathan knew what Kiara meant and nodded.

"Boss, I'll bring you to the Bleeding Lady. She's very unstable and gets aggressive very quickly, which is why Stephen and Futuma always told us that we should go into the Containment Unit with at most two people. Any more, and she might become violent."

"Well, more violent than normal."

Nick nodded.

Then, Nick and Jonathan went through the door.

Compared to the warehouse, this building had small rooms between the hallway and the Containment Unit.

After going through the door, Nick found himself in a small locker room with a shower.

"Boss, if you don't want your uniform to get ruined, you have to take it off," Jonathan said as he started to take off his clothes.

Nick raised an eyebrow but did what Jonathan said.

"Keep your underpants on, boss," Jonathan added. "The Bleeding Lady has a very strong reaction to male genitalia."

Nick nodded without saying anything.

"Next, we cleanse our bodies," Jonathan said as he walked into the shower.

A moment later, blue liquid came out of the shower head, and Jonathan left the shower after around ten seconds.

The good thing about Cleansing Liquid was that it didn't stick to someone, which meant that they didn't get wet.

Nick also took a quick shower.

"I presume you're comfortable with blood, boss?" Jonathan asked.

Nick just nodded.

Jonathan nodded back and put his hand on the actual entrance to the Containment Unit.

Then, he sighed. "She's probably quite upset right now. Be prepared to get cut a lot."

"Are the cuts dangerous?" Nick asked.

"Depends," Jonathan answered. "She has two kinds of cuts. She has the good ones and the bad ones."

"The bad ones will actually kill you, but she only uses them when she feels threatened. The good ones will draw blood and are very painful but will close very quickly."

"The good thing about her is that it is very clear when she is about to actually attack you. If it happens, I will warn you."

"For now, please just follow my commands, boss," Jonathan said.

Nick nodded. "Sure. You know her better than me."

"Alright," Jonathan said with a sigh before turning to the door. "Here we go."

Then, he pushed open the door, and the two of them slowly walked in.

The door closed behind them, and Nick found himself in a crimson-red room.

This surprised Nick a bit since Containment Units usually didn't come in that color since it was quite ominous.

The Containment Unit was lit by a reflective light shaft that captured the sunlight from outside and brought it in here.

In the corner of the room, Nick saw a person quietly sitting.

By her looks, she was a young woman, probably about 18 to 20 years old.

She was completely naked, and there were numerous healing cuts all over her body.

Long black hair fell from her head and almost encompassed her body.

"She's the reason for the red color in here," Jonathan whispered to Nick. "She gets agitated when she's somewhere that isn't red."

"She painted the room red with her own blood."

Nick felt his heart rate increase, but he still had control over himself.

His body was ready to jump into a fight any minute.

The Bleeding Lady must have already noticed the two new people in her Containment Unit, but she didn't show any sign of doing anything.

She was just looking at the ground, her face hidden behind her hair.

Jonathan gestured for Nick to slowly follow him and walked forward.

"Hello, long time no see," Jonathan said with a quiet and calming voice.

The Bleeding Lady showed no reaction.

"Do you want to have a bit of blood?" Jonathan asked carefully.

She didn't say anything.

"You can have a bit of blood, but only if you want," Jonathan said carefully as he bent down to be at her eye level.

Then, Jonathan stopped advancing.

There was still about a meter between them.

After some seconds, she lifted her head.

Nick felt a cold shiver run down his back when he saw the bleeding holes where her eyes should be.

For a bit, she just looked at Jonathan.

Then, she slowly turned to look at Nick.

Nick stood a meter behind Jonathan.

"Hello, I'm Nick," Nick said with a calming voice.

Nick looked deeply into the Bleeding Lady's "eyes".

"He's my new boss," Jonathan said. "He's just here to meet you."

After about five seconds of silence, the Bleeding Lady slowly lifted one of her fingers, her long nails extending upward.

"I will kill you," she spoke quietly with a cute voice.

Nick didn't do anything and just watched.

"Yes, you will kill me," Jonathan said with a nervous smile before he extended his right arm.

The Bleeding Lady's long fingernail went to Jonathan's wrist and moved upward.

A deep cut appeared on Jonathan's wrist, and he started to bleed heavily.

Nick watched with worry.

Surprisingly, not even ten seconds later, the blood stopped flowing out, and a deep red crevice was left in Jonathan's wrist.

Jonathan did his best to seem calm, but Nick could tell that he was in severe pain.

"I will kill you," she said again as she moved her long nail over Jonathan's chest.

A huge cut went across Jonathan's torso, but just like the last one, it quickly stopped bleeding.

"I will kill you."

Another cut went across Jonathan's entire arm.

"I will kill you."

A huge one appeared on Jonathan's leg.

About two minutes later, the Bleeding Lady stopped cutting up Jonathan's body.

There were over ten cuts going across his body.

Yet, surprisingly, the first ones were already starting to vanish, and Jonathan didn't seem like he had been weakened by the blood loss in any way.

A moment later, the Bleeding Lady turned to look at Nick and extended one of her nails.

"I will kill you."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 174 174 – Blood
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at the Bleeding Lady.

"Come closer," Jonathan said from the side.

Nick slowly took a couple of steps forward and went on his knees, just like Jonathan.

Then, he extended his left arm.

The Bleeding Lady slowly moved her nail across Nick's wrist.

CRRRK!

Yet, it didn't bleed.

There was a cut there, but it didn't draw any blood.

At that moment, Jonathan started to sweat profusely.

"It's okay. It's okay," he quickly said in a calming tone. "My boss is a bit stronger than me. You can play a bit rougher with him."

"Come, try again," Jonathan said.

Nick noticed that the Bleeding Lady's body was shaking with intensity.

"Move back," Jonathan whispered with a veiled, urgent voice.

Nick slowly stood up and took three steps back.

Jonathan moved his hand behind his back and gestured for Nick to ready his weapon.

Nick understood but didn't move.

He didn't want to act suspicious right now.

But inside, he was ready for a fight.

"You can try again," Jonathan said with a calming voice. "If you use more power, he can also bleed."

"If you want, we can try again."

The Bleeding Lady's nail continued shaking.

Some seconds passed.

Eventually, her nail lowered to the ground, and Jonathan took a deep breath.

A nail from her other hand rose, and she pointed at Nick.

"I will kill you," she said.

Jonathan gestured for Nick to come closer again.

Nick did just that and arrived beside Jonathan.

He held his arm in front of him, and the Bleeding Lady pointed her nail at it.

Nick felt some kind of power gathering on the nail, but he didn't move.

SHING!

A deep cut appeared on Nick's wrist.

Nick took a deep breath.

That hurt like hell!

Nick had come into contact with the Nightmare many times, and he had gone through worse pain, but this cut was still far more painful than a normal one.

It was almost like Nick's nerves were screaming at him with far more intensity than normal.

The next moment, the Bleeding Lady's nail moved away from Nick, and she slowly moved her flat hand to Nick's bleeding arm.

Jonathan slowly put his arm on Nick's shoulders, signaling to him that there was nothing to worry about.

The Bleeding Lady slowly touched the blood coming out of Nick's arm, and the blood magically gathered in her hand, forming a ball.

After ten seconds, Nick stopped bleeding, and the Bleeding Lady held a big ball of blood in her hands.

Surprisingly, Nick didn't feel any pain or weakness.

It was almost like he hadn't been cut just now.

The next moment, the Bleeding Lady moved the ball of blood onto one of her own cuts.

Nick's blood clung to the Bleeding Lady's cuts, making them seem like they were bleeding again.

She did that with all of the cuts across her body, using up the ball of blood.

Then, she put her hands around her legs and stopped moving.

"Alright, it was fun. See you soon," Jonathan said carefully before standing up.

"It was fun," Nick said carefully before he also stood up.

Then, the two of them slowly walked to the exit of the Containment Unit and left.

Jonathan carefully closed the door behind him.

And then, he collapsed onto the ground and started breathing heavily.

Nick looked with surprise at Jonathan. "What's going on?" he asked.

Right now, Jonathan looked like he had been scared for his life, and he only looked forward in shock.

"I've never seen her this mad before!" he shouted.

"She was mad?" Nick asked.

Jonathan rapidly nodded.

"When I saw her after going in, I would have run out immediately if you weren't with me. I'm just a Mid Newbie, for fuck's sake! I can't fight her!"

Nick blinked a couple of times. "She seemed pretty calm to me."

"Are you kidding?!" Jonathan shouted. "She was absolutely furious when we showed up! I thought she was about to jump us at any second!"

"Also, did you see how many cuts she made?! It took that many cuts to calm her down! I've never been cut this much!"

Nick raised an eyebrow. "What's the normal number of cuts?"

"Like one across the wrist, like you tried to kill yourself, and maybe one more somewhere else. After that, she's content," Jonathan said. "That bitch cut up almost my entire fucking torso! Do you have any idea how hard it was not to cry out in pain?!"

"What if you cry out in pain?" Nick asked.

"Never do that!" Jonathan shouted with urgency. "That will only entice her to continue! Her cutting you is like an addiction. She has to do it from time to time, or she won't calm down."

"But if you scream in pain, it will be like your drug of choice suddenly becoming far stronger, and she needs more. If you remain calm and quiet, she will quickly stop, but if you become loud, she will keep going until you stop crying."

"One way or another," Jonathan added before looking away.

Nick looked at Jonathan.

"You know, you actually did exemplary work just now," Nick said.

Jonathan looked at Nick.

"I can see how terrified you are," Nick said. "But while we were in there, you acted calmly and rationally. In front of a Specter that's more powerful than you, you managed to remain focused and even calmed her down."

"You did very well," Nick said with a smile.

Jonathan looked forward for a bit before smiling.

Then, he started to smirk arrogantly. "Of course! That's to be expected!" he said with confidence.

Nick just nodded with his own smile.

"Anyway," Jonathan said as he stood up. "That's one session of work. She gets one session a day, and based on how much blood she drew during the session, a certain amount of Zephyx will be produced."

"Usually, she produces about 15 grams of Zephyx a day, but today, we might have even made 50."

"But don't expect things to continue like this. It will most likely be back to 15 grams a day starting tomorrow."

"You just go in, talk to her, slowly approach her, let her cut you a bit, and leave. It takes less than ten minutes per day and nets you something like 15 grams of Zephyx."

"The work is painful and scary, but it doesn't take a lot of time and gives a lot of Zephyx."

"That's about everything you need to know about her," Jonathan said.

Nick nodded.

"Thanks. You were a great help."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 175 175 – The Lover
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Jonathan cleaned themselves and put their uniforms back on before they came out.

The others were already waiting for them.

"How bad was it?" Kiara asked.

"Bad," Jonathan said. "She was really cranky, but she's calmed down now."

"What's the Bleeding Lady like?" Jenny asked, looking at Nick.

"Well, there are a lot of things you have to look out for," Nick said. "Working with her is a bit more dangerous and complicated than working with the Dreamer."

"Compared to the Dreamer, she also seems much more unstable, which makes it difficult to assure our safety."

"I want you and Trevor to get familiar with the Bleeding Lady over the next two days. I think it is important that every Extractor knows how to work with every Specter in case someone can't come to work."

"But most likely, due to the danger, I am going to be working with her regularly," Nick said.

The others were a bit surprised.

Nick was going to take care of the Bleeding Lady?

Naturally, Nick needed to work with at least one Specter so that his level could increase, but they had thought that he would take care of some other Specters.

Although, it also made sense.

The Bleeding Lady was a Physical Specter with an ability that could be used in battle, making her very dangerous.

Even more, the Bleeding Lady was already a Late Hatchling.

If she actually decided to attack an Extractor, they might die.

Nick would have the greatest chance of survival since they would be fighting in a small room, and he was extremely dangerous in close proximity to his target.

He didn't say it, but Nick actually had another reason for working with the Bleeding Lady.

The time required.

The Bleeding Lady gave about as much Zephyx as the Dreamer, and when she inevitably advanced a level, she would give even more.

As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick had many things to do, and the less time he was busy working with Specters, the better.

When Jonathan and Kiara heard that Nick would take care of the Bleeding Lady, they released sighs of relief.

They really didn't want to work with her.

First of all, she was insanely dangerous.

Second, working with her was painful.

"Let's check up on the Lover next."

Kiara and Jonathan didn't seem comfortable when they heard that.

Nick noticed and raised an eyebrow. "I guess it's not a lot of fun to work with it?"

Jonathan and Kiara looked at each other.

"I'll tell you when we're there," Kiara said before she walked to the staircase.

Nick, Jenny, and Trevor felt intrigued and followed after her.

When everyone reached the fifth floor, they stopped in front of a door.

Kiara took a deep breath and readied herself to explain the Lover.

Yet, she only became red in the face.

"You do it!" she ordered Jonathan.

"Me again?" Jonathan asked with annoyance.

Kiara just glared at him.

In the end, Jonathan could only sigh.

"The Lover is a worm with tentacles and is about as big as a chicken," Jonathan said.

Nick, Trevor, and Jenny were a bit surprised.

They had expected that something that was called the Lover would have a more human appearance.

"The Lover gains power by perverting and changing someone's sexual desires," Jonathan said awkwardly.

At that point, the three Extractors who didn't know the Lover started to feel uncomfortable.

"In order to work with it, you need to allow it to… well… you know…" Jonathan said awkwardly, moving his hands around.

"Please explain," Nick said. "I want you to be clear."

Jonathan scratched the back of his head in discomfort.

"You kinda have to let it… have its way with you, if you know what I mean," Jonathan said awkwardly.

Jenny immediately became disgusted.

Trevor looked uncomfortable.

Nick furrowed his brows.

"Please be more specific," Nick said.

Jonathan really seemed uncomfortable.

"Well, first, you take your pants off," he slowly explained. "Then, you sit down. It will slowly come closer to you and go for your… thing… and also your butthole."

The three of them became more disgusted and uncomfortable by the minute.

"It starts to do its thing, and while it is happening, you will feel surprisingly… good…"

"While that is happening, it will release a lot of gas that makes you see hallucinations."

"The hallucinations will be of… uncomfortable things."

"Corpses, blood, feces, urine, violence, tragedy, and many different things."

"Yet, even though you really don't like these things, the Lover somehow manages to make you feel really, really good."

"Stephen and Ardum talked with several doctors about this, and while it hasn't happened yet, the doctors said that repeated exposure can make it so that your mind associates these things with pleasure."

"So, in the long run, your… preferences… might get changed into something completely different."

Jonathan scratched the back of his head.

"And after you… you know… finish… it will leave you alone, and you can leave again."

Silence.

Nick, Jenny, and Trevor were really uncomfortable.

They were supposed to let some worm thing jerk them off while it was showing them images of decapitated bodies and stuff?

Nick could deal with the nightmares and the cuts, but he wouldn't want to force any of his employees to work with the Lover.

"How often does it have to be worked with?" Nick asked.

"Theoretically, you can work with it about ten times a day, which will produce a lot of Zephyx."

"But that also seems to encourage it and increases the pleasure it gives the Extractor, making the perversion even stronger."

"We worked with it once a day, which seemed to be a good rate."

"Compared to the Bleeding Lady and the Dreamer, the Lover is only an Early Hatchling, and it only produces about five grams of Zephyx per session, but that should increase when it becomes stronger."

Nick frowned.

He really didn't want to, but as the Chief Zephyx Extractor, he had to know how to work with every Specter of Dark Dream.

So, Nick took a deep breath.

"I'll check it out."

And walked in.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 176 176 – Not a Problem
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick walked out of the Containment Unit into the small locker room.

His four employees were waiting outside the locker room.

Right now, Nick was alone.

As soon as Nick entered the locker room, he sat down near a wall and looked at the ground.

The mix of emotions he was currently feeling was intense.

Physically, he felt amazing, but that was exactly what made him feel terrible mentally.

It felt disgusting to have such strong feelings for something this horrible.

While the Lover had been doing its thing, Nick had seen visions of a group of men cutting holes into a limbless torso and fucking them.

The vision drew Nick in, and he almost felt like he had been one of the men.

He had been so incredibly disgusted.

But it had felt so good.

It was horrible.

Working with the Lover was absolutely horrible.

Of all the Specters that Dark Dream owned, Nick wanted to work with the Lover the least.

As Nick sat on the ground, he only looked forward with a lifeless expression.

He felt like shit.

After a while, Nick started to think about how to deal with the Lover.

He couldn't possibly force any of his employees to work with it.

It was just that bad.

However, hiring normal people would also be impossible.

First of all, normal humans didn't have the mental fortitude to resist something like the Lover, and most likely, after just working with it once, the normal person would find their sexual desires irrevocably and permanently changed.

Even more, the normal people would then know about the Lover, making it easier for other Extractors and Manufacturers to plan something.

Additionally, Nick would feel horrible about the damage the normal people would receive.

Just for a couple of grams of Zephyx, a life would be destroyed.

One had to remember that this was different from feeding the Screaming Coffin corpses.

After all, they purchased the corpses from the city, and the corpses weren't created because Dark Dream asked for them.

These were simply the corpses of people who died of whatever.

Dark Dream buying corpses did not result in new corpses being produced.

But with the Lover, it would be different.

Dark Dream would actively ruin the lives of many people.

Extractors had the mental fortitude to resist the Lover, but they would need breaks.

Working with it every day was bad.

'I can't make anyone work with it,' Nick thought. 'I just can't.'

After a bit more thinking, Nick released a sigh and left the locker room.

When he left, everyone was looking at him with worry and interest.

Nick took a deep breath.

"It's bad," he said.

Trevor and Jenny looked with discomfort and fear at Nick.

"You don't have to work with it," Nick told the two of them, which surprised them.

"It's so bad that I can't ask any of you to make this sacrifice. I wouldn't be able to live with myself," Nick said with a sigh.

"If you are desperate for money and really want to take care of it, you may do so, but I will never ask any of you to go in there."

"It only produces five grams of Zephyx per day. I would rather not have those instead of asking you to go through something like this."

Kiara and Jonathan were quite surprised.

Back in Cycle, Stephen had said that working with the Lover was a necessary evil and a part of the job.

But now, Nick was saying that it wasn't necessary.

Jenny and Trevor looked with concern at Nick, but they also seemed relieved.

What they had heard about the Lover seemed terrifying.

"The Lover is actually not a problem," Kiara said.

Jonathan raised an eyebrow as he looked at Kiara.

It seemed like he hadn't expected her to come forward.

"What do you mean?" Nick asked.

"Well," Kiara slowly said before she took a deep breath.

"I was specifically hired to work with the Lover back then."

Trevor, Jenny, and Nick looked with surprise and shock at Kiara.

"During my job interview, Stephen asked me many personal questions. Back then, I was quite angry, but I needed the job, which was why I answered."

"Then, he told me what would happen to me if I accepted the job."

Kiara looked to the side.

"I wanted to make something of myself, which was why I accepted."

"I've been working with the Lover almost every day for about two months."

The other four looked with sympathy at Kiara.

"You don't have to do this," Nick said. "I felt firsthand what something like this can do to you."

Kiara shook her head. "It doesn't matter anymore."

"It's too late anyway," she said with a quiet and uncomfortable voice.

The others realized what Kiara meant, and they felt horrible for her.

"I'm already used to it," Kiara said. "The bad part is already there. By now, it's just switching from one bad part to another."

Kiara took a deep breath.

"But the good thing is that my job is essentially secure. I'm the only one that can work with it, which gives me a unique position. So, it's not all bad," she said with a more positive voice.

Silence.

"But do you want to work with it?" Nick asked with furrowed brows.

"What's the alternative?" Kiara asked with a shrug.

"Not working with it," Nick said.

"That's not a choice," she said.

"Yes, it is," Nick said.

"No, it isn't," Kiara answered. "With the three new recruits coming, we will be seven Extractors, excluding you. The Screaming Coffin, the Dung Heap, and the Bleeding Lady barely need any work, leaving only the Dreamer and the Lover for us."

"If I don't work with the Lover, nobody will. Then what? Am I supposed to fight over the Dreamer with six other Extractors?"

"I would rather work with the Lover," she said with annoyance.

Nick looked with concern at Kiara, who refused to look at Nick.

In the end, Nick released a sigh.

"If that is truly what you want, you are free to do so."

"But if you need a break or anything similar, you have to tell me, okay?" he urged.

Kiara furrowed her brows but still didn't look at Nick.

"Sure."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 177 177 – First Day
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick wasn't happy with it, but Kiara had solved the problem with the Lover.

He just didn't know how to feel about it.

Working with the Lover was horrible and would permanently change people into something that they would probably perceive to be disgusting.

And yet, Kiara was willing to work with it.

Additionally, it wasn't difficult to tell that Kiara didn't feel great about that.

But her explanation also made sense.

She was in a unique position to work with the Lover, which made her special and important to Dark Dream.

Sadly, there was no way to change the current dynamic without literally forcing Kiara not to work with the Lover, which was also not something that Nick wanted to do.

"That only leaves the Dung Heap," Nick said.

Jonathan nodded. "That one isn't troublesome. It's just disgusting."

"Show us," Nick said.

Everyone walked towards the second floor, and they could already smell the Dung Heap when they arrived.

The entire floor smelled like a garbage dump on a midsummer day.

Luckily, all of the present people could deal with that smell.

Jonathan and Kiara could deal with it since they had been around the Dung Heap for a long time already, and the other three came from the Dregs.

The pungent smell of the sewers blanketed the Dregs, and the other three had spent years in the Dregs.

The Dung Heap only smelled slightly worse.

"Oh, by the way, do we have food?" Jonathan asked.

"The delivery of the food for the Dung Heap hasn't been set up yet," Nick said.

"That might be bad," Jonathan said. "Just like the Bleeding Lady, the Dung Heap needs to be worked with regularly. If it doesn't get its food, it starts getting aggressive."

"The Containment Unit is strong enough to keep it contained, but anyone that enters would get attacked."

Nick nodded in understanding.

It was important to remember that the Dung Heap wasn't truly a Possession Specter.

If it wanted, it could probably attack someone.

It might not be the most powerful Specter on its level, but it could probably still overwhelm a Newbie since it was already an Adolescent.

"Maybe it's better we wait until the food delivery has been set up then," Nick said.

"That's probably for the better," Jonathan answered.

The others agreed as well.

"Then, let me set up the schedule for who is going to work with what," Nick said.

The others nodded.

"Kiara, you're going to work with the Lover daily. I will leave the frequency of how much you work with it up to you, but it has to be once a day," Nick said as he looked at Kiara.

"Yes, boss," she answered.

"The Dreamer is being worked with by Jenny, Trevor, and Jonathan. The order in which you work will be left to you, but I want three shifts of eight hours per day."

"Sure thing, boss," Jenny said with a smile.

"I will be delivering the food to the Dung Heap, the corpses to the Screaming Coffing, and I will also be working with the Bleeding Lady."

"From now on, I might only occasionally be in the building since I also have to set up a team of Investigators and search for more Specters myself."

"If there are any urgent matters and I'm not here, you can tell Wyntor, but try not to disturb him with matters that can wait until the next day."

The others nodded again.

"Then, that should be everything for today. Starting tomorrow, that's how we are going to proceed," Nick said.

After a bit more talking, the group split apart, and Nick went to Wyntor to talk about some matters regarding Dark Dream.

Wyntor told Nick that the food thing had actually already been set up, but the deliveries would only start the next day.

Nick told him about how he had set up his employees' shifts, and Wyntor nodded.

But then, he added something.

"Nick, I think you got this," Wyntor said. "You don't need to tell me about the shifts of the Extractors anymore. You have shown that you can manage them."

"I trust your skills."

"Just write it down somewhere and give me the schedule in case I am in need of an Extractor. With more people and more Specters, I also can't keep these things in my head anymore."

Nick smiled when he heard that and nodded.

"Of course."

Some minutes later, Nick left Wyntor's new office and looked through the building again, getting more familiar with it.

Eventually, it was time to leave and train with Reynold.

The next day, Nick went into Dark Dream's new building and saw one of Dark Dream's clerks at the front desk.

The receptionist greeted Nick politely and wished him a good morning.

Nick talked with her for a bit before he checked up on the people and the Specters.

First, Nick went to the second floor.

BANG!

BANG!

BANG!

As soon as Nick arrived, he heard the sound of something heavy hitting one of the walls.

It came from the Dung Heap's Containment Unit.

'Guess it really wants some food,' Nick thought. 'The delivery will come at nine a.m. There shouldn't be an issue.'

Then, Nick checked up on the Screaming Coffin.

'Still digesting the fat man,' Nick thought as he looked at the unmoving Specter.

Nick went out of the Containment Unit and accessed the Zephyx storage of the Screaming Coffin.

He took the Zephyx container with him and put in a new one.

Then, Nick checked on the Dung Heap's Zephyx container.

'Nothing, as expected.'

After that, Nick went to the third floor and checked the Bleeding Lady's Zephyx container.

'65 grams!' Nick thought with surprise. 'All that cutting yesterday was worth it!'

Nick also took that Zephyx container and entered the fifth floor.

The Lover's Containment Unit had six grams of Zephyx, which was what Nick produced yesterday.

Nick also checked if someone was in the Containment Unit, which he could easily do by looking at a sign at the entrance.

'She's not here yet.'

Then, Nick went to the Dreamer's Containment Unit.

The sign said that someone was working with it, which was to be expected.

Nick didn't know who was working with it, but it also didn't really matter.

'About 12 grams of Zephyx,' Nick thought.

Nick changed the containers of that Containment Unit as well and went to the top floor.

There, Nick put the containers in a special location that only he and Wyntor had access to.

After that, Nick wrote down how much Zephyx each Specter had produced and put the sheet of paper in Wyntor's office.

Lastly, Nick went to the third floor and worked with the Bleeding Lady.

There were no issues.

For the next couple of hours, Nick thought about how to create and manage a team of Inspectors.

And finally, the food delivery arrived for the Dung Heap.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 178 178 – The Dung Heap
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Sir, the food delivery is here," the cute girl from the front desk said after entering Nick's office.

Naturally, as the Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick had his own office on the top floor.

"I'll come," Nick said after standing up from his chair.

The two of them walked down the stairs and entered the first floor.

On the first floor, Nick saw a guy dressed in a sharp suit.

'He doesn't look like a food delivery man,' Nick thought.

"Hello, nice to meet you," the guy said, offering his hand to Nick. "My name is Braun, and I have a delivery of a bit more than 240 kilos of food waste."

Nick nodded and shook Braun's hand. "Nice to meet you. I'm Nick, the Chief Zephyx Extractor. No offense, but you don't look like someone who delivers food."

Braun laughed. "I completely understand," he said. "That's because I am the middleman. I gather all the food waste from many different food providers and sell it."

'So, he's a merchant,' Nick thought. 'That's more in line with how he dresses.'

A bit later, Braun led Nick outside and showed him a cart.

Two men were standing in front of the cart, and compared to Braun, they looked dirty and muscular.

On the cart, Nick saw a steaming and stinking pile of garbage.

Eggshells, rotten eggs, bones, insects, rancid meat, rancid cheese.

Yet, there were no maggots crawling in the pile, which meant that it was fresh garbage.

Nick nodded after looking at the pile.

"Thank you. Can I use the cart to transport it?" he asked.

"You can keep the cart," Braun said. "When I come with the next delivery tomorrow, you can give me the cart from today."

Nick nodded. "Sounds great. Thank you."

"Of course," Braun said.

After a bit more talking, Braun handed Nick a sheet of paper with all the food waste and the amount written on it.

Nick read through it and signed.

Then, Braun quickly said his goodbyes and left.

Nick didn't need to pay him since Wyntor had a contractual agreement with Braun.

Braun would simply take the sheet of paper and get his money from Dark Dream's bank account.

Nick pulled the stinking pile of garbage into Dark Dream and walked to the stairs.

That was when he realized that he had an issue.

How would he get 240 kilos of waste up the stairs?

Nick could lift that, but the cart was so big and cumbersome, making it difficult.

Eventually, Nick managed to get the cart onto the staircase and closed the door behind him.

His ability activated.

Then, Nick easily lifted it over his head and ran up the stairs.

He put it down on the second floor and opened the door.

'Well, that works,' Nick thought.

BANG!

BANG!

The walls of the Dung Heap's Containment Unit were still shaking.

Nick walked into the locker room in front of the Dung Heap's Containment Unit and readied himself.

Slowly, Nick opened the employee door.

WHOOOM! WHOOOM! WHOOM!

Immediately, the alarm rang.

While the Containment Unit could isolate Specters from going through the opened employee entrance, it used up Zephyx to do that, which was the reason for the alarm.

Nick watched through a blue forcefield as the Dung Heap tried to get through the opened employee entrance.

The Dung Heap completely covered the ground of the five-by-five-meter Containment Unit, and it was nearly two meters high at its peak.

And it looked strange.

It looked like a rancid and decaying pile of garbage, but Nick couldn't even identify a single specific piece of garbage.

It was like looking at a mass of people and not being able to point out a single face.

Right now, the Dung Heap was swaying back and forth like a viscous liquid.

With each sway, it gathered strength and rammed the force field of the opened employee door.

Surprisingly, even though Nick was looking at the Dung Heap, his ability was still active.

Apparently, the Dung Heap couldn't see or hear.

Nick quickly grabbed some handfuls of garbage and chucked them into the Containment Unit.

BANG!

The garbage ball exploded on the other side of the Containment Unit and fell onto the Dung Heap.

"Stop complaining! I got your food right here!" Nick shouted before throwing in another handful of "food".

RUUUUUUUH!

At that point, a low rumbling noise came from the Dung Heap, and it started to shake a bit.

It slowly stopped moving, and the alarm of the Containment Unit stopped.

Nick chucked a couple more balls of garbage into the Containment Unit before he grabbed the cart and lifted it.

Earlier, the Dung Heap had essentially blocked the majority of the employee entrance, and if Nick had dumped the entire cart there, the Dung Heap would have tried even more to get out since the garbage would have been just past the barrier.

The next moment, Nick pulled the cart back before shoving it forward.

SPLASH!

A huge pile of garbage fell from the cart.

RUUUUUUU!

The pile shook again while releasing its deep vibrating sound.

'I guess it's happy,' Nick thought.

Next, the surface of the Dung Heap started to move, and the pile of garbage was spread across the entire Containment Unit.

'It seemed to have calmed down,' Nick thought.

Then, Nick lifted the cart and walked into the Containment Unit.

As his feet stepped onto the Dung Heap, he felt like he was walking on a humongous and fat person.

There was a lot of give, but he didn't really sink.

The Dung Heap was one entity.

It just looked like a huge pile of trash.

When he was inside the Containment Unit, Nick dumped the cart onto the Dung Heap.

Naturally, after Nick had stepped onto the Dung Heap, his ability deactivated, but the cart had become much lighter by that point.

In just a couple of seconds, Nick emptied the cart and walked out again.

The Dung Heap released a couple more deep murmurs while moving the trash around.

After exiting, Nick closed the door and put the cart at one end of the locker room.

Then, he released a sigh.

'It seems easy enough to manage,' Nick thought. 'It hadn't been fed for several days, which made it problematic, but I think it won't be an issue starting from tomorrow.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 179 179 – Six Months Later
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick stood in front of a door on the third floor of Dark Dream and sighed.

He was not looking forward to this.

Nick's big, muscular hand pushed open the door to the locker room, and he entered.

It had been six months since Dark Dream had moved to this building, and Nick had just recently become 17 years old.

Over the last couple of months, not a lot had happened.

Nick had taught his three new colleagues and focused on day-to-day matters.

One of the matters had been the establishment of an Investigator team and the search for the next Specter.

The Investigation team had been fully formed about four months ago, and the profits of Dark Dream shrank a lot in consequence.

Dark Dream hired over 20 Investigators, and these 20 Investigators focused mostly on the Dregs.

Paying so many highly skilled people was not cheap.

But it had been worth it.

The Investigators had found the trace of a Specter, and the people of Dark Dream had captured it.

Surprisingly, capturing the Specter had been rather easy due to its nature, but it had still been incredibly painful.

Mainly for Nick.

And now, it was time for Nick to find out how to work with the Specter.

He already had a good idea about how to work with it, but he still needed to confirm it and check how much Zephyx it produced.

The good thing was that the Specter was already a Peak Hatchling since its identity had been a secret for a long time.

Many people knew and had met the Specter, but none had suspected that it actually was one.

The Investigators had only noticed that something might be wrong when they didn't know what to look for and just randomly started to combine information and clues.

One of these clues had been the abundance of feelings of weakness and sickness in the Dregs.

Naturally, due to the Dregs' dirty and unclean environment, getting sick wasn't anything unusual, and the blood tax made sure that nearly no one didn't feel weak.

Because of that, nobody had thought about cross-referencing the sick and weak people.

Nevertheless, the Investigators did that.

After a lot of information gathering, they found something.

While the sickness was evenly spread across the Dregs, the weak people mostly concentrated around one block of houses.

For several days, the Investigators kept a watch over the block of houses and kept interviewing people.

Yet, it was impossible to find the Specter.

And then, the Investigators who were stationed there started to feel weak.

At that point, the Investigators were certain that they were onto a Specter.

That was when Nick also got involved and looked for the Specter as well.

But nobody could find the Specter.

And then, Nick started to feel extremely weak.

But bizarrely enough, the Investigators regained their strength.

On top of that, the normal people also regained their strength.

And finally, they found out what had been going on.

Animals were common in the Dregs.

Rats, wild dogs, cats, raccoons, plenty of insects, and so on.

And this particular group of houses had one of these as a pet.

It was a dirty but cute puppy.

It didn't belong to anyone in particular and was just being taken care of by the community.

When the Investigators arrived, they also played with the puppy from time to time.

And when Nick appeared, the puppy immediately took a liking to him and begged him to hug it.

Nick did so and basically carried the puppy around while he was there.

When Nick finally got sick, many people realized that it was the puppy.

After all, it had been with Nick for several days by then.

Nick had quickly taken the puppy away with him after contacting the other Extractors.

Yet, when the puppy noticed that several strong people were surrounding it, its behavior changed.

It started to whine pitifully.

At that point, Nick immediately felt like chunks of his insides were being torn out.

The group put a Zephyx Suppressor on the puppy, but it still managed to hurt people through the Zephyx Suppressor, albeit with less intensity.

After dumping the puppy into the Containment Unit, Nick went home to recover.

It was bad.

Real bad.

Nick felt like his heart was beating without a rhythm, and he kept going in and out of consciousness.

He kept sweating bullets while feeling extremely cold and hot.

Even more, Nick had puked blood a couple of times.

It took almost two entire days for Nick to recover.

Of course, Nick wanted to go to the hospital, but he couldn't risk unveiling the nature of their newest Specter.

He was quite sure that he would survive due to his high level of regeneration.

And he did.

But now, it was time to work with the puppy.

Fittingly, Nick decided to call the Specter the Puppy.

'I'm pretty sure the Puppy gains power by converting the vitality of people into Zephyx, which is quite different from getting injured or exerting myself.'

'It is much more difficult to repair this kind of damage, and it is much more chaotic since the damage is all over my body.'

'I am also not sure whether or not there is a manipulative factor since nobody seems to be able to resist the Puppy's charm. Everyone there wanted to hug it and hold it.'

'Although, it could also just be that it is very cute.'

'But even if there is a manipulation aspect to the Puppy, I want to make sure and leave it here. If any of the employees start asking me or the other Extractors about the new Specter, I know for sure.'

Next, Nick thought about how to go about finding out how to work with the Puppy.

Should he just stay by its side or provoke the crying?

He didn't know, and it was his job to find out.

That was what a Chief Zephyx Extractor was supposed to do.

Nick took a deep breath and entered the Containment Unit.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 180 180 – The Puppy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After opening the door, Nick looked at the other end of the Containment Unit with an uncertain expression.

In one of the corners of the room was a perfectly white and fluffy little dog.

Funnily enough, the dog had been pretty dirty all the time while it had been in the Dregs, but as soon as it arrived here, all the dirt vanished.

'Most likely a camouflaging ability,' Nick thought as he took another deep breath.

The Puppy was lying on the ground and whimpering silently.

The sound made Nick feel like his heart was being torn apart.

The poor thing.

Was it in pain?

However, Nick kept his mind under control and kept telling himself that this was a Specter.

The Puppy might be fluffy, white, cute, adorable…

He had to stay in control.

Nick wanted to do nothing but walk over to hug and comfort it.

He just wanted to tell it that everything was going to be okay.

But Nick kept himself in check.

The Puppy slowly turned its big and wet eyes to look at Nick.

Nick took yet another deep breath and remained stationary.

The Puppy whimpered a bit and slowly started to walk closer.

Then, it stumbled over its feet and fell over with an adorable little yelp.

But it quickly stood up again and moved towards Nick while its tail was wagging slowly and carefully.

There was hope, begging, and loneliness in its eyes.

Nick took another deep breath.

'For now, I should see how much Zephyx it produces the normal way,' Nick thought.

As soon as Nick thought about spending time with the Puppy, he started to feel excited and giddy.

Yet, he kept telling himself that this was a Specter and that he had to be careful.

Nick kneeled down and slowly extended his hand.

The Puppy came closer and sniffed it.

Finally, it rubbed its head on Nick's hand in happiness.

Nick felt like his heart was melting.

It was just so adorable!

Nick slowly picked it up and held it in his arms.

Then, Nick walked to one of the walls, sat down, and combed the Puppy's fur with his fingers.

The Puppy gave off some sounds of happiness and closed its eyes in pleasure.

Nick felt calm inside.

It was so difficult for him to feel calm in his life.

The entire finality and pointlessness of his future still weighed heavily on Nick, and whenever he had a quiet moment, his mind automatically went back to thinking about these things.

There generally was no such thing as calm for Nick.

Either he was doing something, or he was worrying about something.

But here, with the Puppy, Nick felt calm.

He felt content.

It was so nice to be with it.

At that moment, the door opened, and Nick looked over with surprise.

"Boss?" Jenny asked after she opened the door.

"Yes?" Nick asked.

"You asked me to get you after eight hours," she said.

"Yes, I did," Nick said, still petting the Puppy.

Silence.

"Eight hours are over," she said.

Nick's eyes widened in shock.

What?

Hadn't he just sat down?

"Are you serious?" Nick asked.

"Yes, boss, I'm serious," she said with an urgent voice. "It's been eight hours."

Nick took a deep breath and looked at the Puppy.

The Puppy looked at Jenny with curiosity and happiness.

"I gotta go," Nick told the Puppy before he slowly put it to the ground.

The Puppy begged for Nick to stay with its whimpers.

Nick felt terrible for leaving the Puppy alone, but he knew that it was just a Specter.

After some promises to come back, Nick left the Containment Unit, and Jenny closed the door behind him.

When Nick was in the locker room, he took a deep breath.

And that was when he felt his insides shake.

Nick was all too familiar with this feeling.

He had felt this feeling many times while he had been living in the Dregs.

It was the feeling of not having eaten anything for a long time.

It was a feeling of weakness and loss of control as his limbs started to shake.

On top of that, Nick felt a headache coming on.

Luckily, it wasn't nearly as strong as when the Puppy had whimpered.

"Boss? Everything okay?" Jenny asked.

"It's fine," Nick said. "I just feel weak. It's the effect of the Specter."

"If anyone on your team works with it, another person MUST force them to leave. While I was in there, it felt like only ten minutes had passed."

"You have to instruct your people and make absolutely certain that they don't spend more than the allotted time with it," Nick urged.

"I will tell them, Boss," Jenny said.

About four months ago, Nick had made Jenny the team leader of the one and only team of Zephyx Extractors.

Nick wanted to make Trevor the team leader, but Wyntor said that Trevor had to be on the down-low since he would one day become their spy and underground agent.

A team leader was too conspicuous.

Because of that, Nick made Jenny the team leader.

And she had done an excellent job until now.

Her team liked her, and there had been no incidents.

"Let's check how much Zephyx we produced," Nick said as he walked out of the locker room with uncertain steps.

Jenny followed Nick.

After retrieving the container, Nick raised an eyebrow.

"About nine grams," he said. "Not bad. I think we got a good one this time."

"That's quite a lot," Jenny said.

Nick nodded. "I want to test something. Larry is still a Mid Newbie, right?"

Jenny nodded.

"I want him to work eight hours with the Puppy tomorrow. I will instruct him on what to do."

"I suspect that the amount of Zephyx produced is not dependent on the Puppy's level but on the Extractor's level. I want someone on a lower level than me to work with it. Of course, I will stay beside him for the entire duration," Nick said.

Jenny nodded. "I will tell him to go to your office tomorrow."

The next day, Larry worked with the Puppy for eight hours, and just as expected, it only produced about four grams of Zephyx.

The day after that, Nick tested how much the whimpering Puppy produced.

The result was abysmal.

After getting quite injured, Nick didn't even find a single gram of Zephyx in the container.

Some days of experimenting later, Nick finalized the method of working with the Puppy.

The Extractor just had to spend a couple of hours petting it.

The maximum amount of time was set to six hours. Otherwise, the Extractor wouldn't recover by the next work day.

Additionally, only Peak Newbies were allowed to work with the Puppy.

Lastly, the next person scheduled to work with it had to force the person inside to leave punctually at all costs. If they refused, the team leader or Chief Zephyx Extractor had to be informed immediately.

This was the first time that Nick had figured out how to work with a Specter truly on his own without any help.

And it worked.

By now, Nick had become fully used to being the Chief Zephyx Extractor of Dark Dream.

And Dark Dream was making a shitload of credits.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 181 181 – 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick walked down the lonely street of the abandoned Dregs.

This part of the Dregs had nearly nobody living in it. At most, some people who wanted to avoid the blood tax tried to hide here.

And some of them actually managed to do that, but they were in the minority.

Because of that, only the people who couldn't afford to lose another two liters of blood would try that stunt.

After all, if they were going to die with the next tax anyway, they might as well take their chances.

But aside from these people, there was basically no one.

The streets were completely ruined, and walking on them was extremely dangerous.

Nick had been walking through these streets for several days now, only leaving once a day to do his duties in Dark Dream and to sleep.

Nick had become 18 years old recently, and he was finally ready to become a level two Extractor.

A John.

A couple of days ago, Nick had felt like some kind of energy inside of his body was ready to explode.

That was the sign of an Extractor being ready to break through.

The only thing they needed was to come into contact with an Adolescent Specter and have that energy explode forward.

At that point, they would reach the next level while also mutating their ability with the support of the Adolescent Specter.

Without being in contact with a fitting Specter, reaching the next level was impossible.

Of course, Nick could just come into contact with the Dung Heap since that was also an Adolescent Specter, but Nick didn't want that ability.

It didn't seem to fit the Null's ability very well.

So, Nick was trying to come into contact with a new Specter.

One that he had known for almost two years.

Back then, Wyntor had used it as an example for the category of Force Specters.

The Fog.

The Fog was a known Specter that lived in the abandoned Dregs inside Crimson Fungus City.

Many people knew about it, but the bigger Manufacturers were not interested in capturing it.

The issue was that the Fog was a Force Specter, which made it very difficult to catch and contain it.

The Containment Unit necessary to contain such a Specter was so insanely expensive that it might even take years for the Specter to pay it off.

25 million credits.

That was the price of the Containment Unit.

Something like the Fog would, at most, produce 50 grams of Zephyx a day, which was about 50,000 credits.

Assuming there were no associated costs and 100% of the produced Zephyx went to repaying the Containment Unit, it would still take 500 days to repay the Containment Unit.

But since Dark Dream only got to keep 60% of the Zephyx, it would take even longer.

Now, if the Fog were an Adult Specter, things would be different.

It would definitely produce over 100 grams of Zephyx a day, and they could still buy the same Containment Unit.

The Containment Units for Force Specters weren't built for weak Specters since it was not really profitable.

The materials needed to contain an Adult Specter barely made up 10% of the price.

The Containment Unit that Wyntor had bought had consumed an entire year of Dark Dream's profits, and he had even needed to take out a loan.

But for Nick, he was willing to pay that price.

Nick had been an excellent Chief Zephyx Extractor, and on top of that, Wyntor fully trusted Nick.

Naturally, Wyntor wouldn't waste such a great employee as Nick, and he would continue to invest in him so that Nick could reach his full potential.

The plan to capture the Fog had been created over a year ago.

Both of them realized that the Fog's ability had a great affinity with Nick's ability.

On top of that, the Fog wasn't an incredibly powerful Specter in battle.

Force Specters like the Fog almost exclusively fought with their abilities since they didn't really have bodies with which they could punch their opponents.

But in turn, capturing them was insanely difficult.

Nick knew that capturing the Fog was not a given.

Of course, Nick would get his ability either way since he only needed to come into contact with the Specter, but not being able to catch the Fog would mean that Dark Dream's investment would go up in flames.

Because of that, there was still a lot of pressure on Nick's shoulders.

As Nick walked through the empty and damaged streets, he looked around with his sharp eyes.

By now, Nick had reached a height of about 185 centimeters, and that was most likely where his growth was going to stop.

Nick hadn't been very tall before he had become a Zephyx Extractor, and it had seemed like he wouldn't grow up to be tall.

However, the Zephyx was essentially pure energy, and the body needed energy and nutrients to grow.

The Zephyx Nick had come into contact with had allowed his body to grow to a respectable height.

Of course, due to Nick's brutal training, he had also grown frighteningly muscular.

His body was almost identical to Reynold's body.

Any more muscle and Nick's speed and flexibility would suffer.

He was perfectly on the border between too little and too much muscle.

Nick was so athletic that he could even carry all five of his spears and his fist weapons while also being able to jump with quite some agility.

Nevertheless, Nick still only carried three of his spears with him since he didn't want to suffer too much of a speed disadvantage.

Nick had stopped training with Reynold and Manela a couple of months ago.

Both of them had essentially taught everything they knew about wielding their weapons to him.

Now, Nick only needed to get actual practice in real scenarios.

They were actually extremely impressed by Nick.

Reynold had even said something quite surprising.

"You do know that you are actually experienced and strong enough to join Kugelblitz, right? I could request an interview for you, and you would join my team within the week."

However, Nick declined.

Wyntor had never betrayed him and invested so much in him.

Nick wouldn't leave Wyntor like that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 182 182 – The Fog
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick kept walking down the streets with heavy and powerful steps as he kept looking around with care.

The last time someone had been reported missing had been around a month ago, and as far as everyone knew, the Fog took about a month to consume a human.

People were not completely certain what the Fog did.

They only knew that it took someone and came back a month later to get someone else.

The specific way the Fog killed its victims was unknown.

They just walked into the Fog and vanished.

Naturally, Nick felt a certain amount of apprehension since the unknown was quite scary, but he was willing to take the risk.

His future was worth it.

Nick walked from one alleyway to the other.

He was taking the same route he had been taking for days.

Nothing special was happening.

However, he was quite sure that he would meet the Fog soon.

Three days ago, one of Nick's old friends had visited him.

Julian.

The Expert Zephyx Extractor who had talked with Nick a day before he met Reynold.

Julian had talked with Nick about his problems for some time, and while he was doing so, he had asked Nick what he had planned.

Nick told him about the Fog.

There was no need to keep it a secret since everyone basically knew about the Fog, and nobody was willing to spend the credits to capture it.

When Julian heard that, he smiled slyly and told Nick which route he should take.

He said that he had seen the Fog a couple of times before and that he had been one of the Extractors that created the profile of it.

As always, Julian knew what he was talking about, and he was a pleasure to be around.

Everyone liked Julian.

Ever since then, Nick had been following this route.

Nick trusted Julian.

And Julian wouldn't betray Nick's trust.

During the evening, Nick noticed that it became more difficult to find his way forward.

It was like his sight was being obscured by a veil.

Usually, Nick would just think that it was normal fog, but since he was specifically searching for the Fog, he knew that chances were high that this was actually the Specter.

Nick's heart rate increased, and his breathing quickened, but he did his best to appear calm.

Nick wanted to be enveloped by the Fog.

It was possible that the Fog would flee if Nick decided to attack.

So, Nick just kept walking forward.

Eventually, he couldn't see anything anymore.

The grey fog was so thick that Nick couldn't even see his own hands anymore.

Nick could feel how his hand touched his face, but he couldn't see it.

Even when Nick lightly touched his eyeball.

It was almost like Nick didn't have a body.

It was like he was only a consciousness drifting through an empty void.

Yet, Nick could still feel his body.

When he punched his left arm with his right, he still felt the impact and the pain.

Additionally, Nick could feel himself walking forward.

However, the floor had changed.

The floor had stopped making any sounds, and Nick couldn't even hear his own steps.

Additionally, it felt very even and even a bit soft.

It was like Nick was walking on a featureless carpet.

Even more, there were no walls whatsoever.

Earlier, Nick had been walking through the abandoned Dregs, and there had been houses everywhere.

But now, no matter in which direction Nick walked, he wouldn't touch anything.

It was like Nick's body had left the world.

'So, this is what it does,' Nick thought with narrowed eyes.

Since he was now well and truly captured, Nick decided to fight back and started to run.

Nick sprinted with all of his strength and jumped from side to side.

Nick was running at incredible speeds, but he still couldn't touch anything.

After that, Nick threw one of his spears into the distance.

The Ghost Wire quickly tensed, and he let the spear fall to the ground in the distance.

The spear hadn't hit anything.

Nick walked over to where the spear was lying on the ground and put it back onto his back.

'It's like this world is limitless,' Nick thought. 'I have no idea where I am, and I can't even come into contact with the outside world by throwing a spear.'

'I am no longer in Crimson Fungus City.'

'At least, that's what I would think if I didn't know anything about Specters.'

'This is only an Adolescent, and I'm certain that it doesn't have the power to transport me out of the city just like that.'

'It would have to be an Elder at the very least, and even then, it would be unlikely.'

'This means that I must still be inside Crimson Fungus City.'

'At most, it created a temporary domain that imitates an alien world.'

'Keeping this domain active is probably consuming Zephyx, but it is also most likely producing more Zephyx than it is using.'

'I can run and jump around as much as I want, and I won't be able to get out of here.'

'The only way I can get out is to make it consume more Zephyx than it is producing.'

'That means I need to tear the world around me apart and destabilize the domain.'

'The best way is to just use a lot of power.'

A moment later, Nick lifted his arm and pulled out his fist weapons.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Immediately, Nick started to rampage through his surroundings, kicking and punching everything around him.

While he was doing so, he kept looking at his surroundings.

That was when he noticed something.

After a particularly fast kick, Nick noticed that the guard on his shin?had pulled the fog to the side a bit, revealing a small afterimage of a darker area.

However, it was immediately closed again.

'Wyntor told me that my weapons can also interact with Force Specters, which is why they were so insanely expensive.'

'And sure enough, he was right. Without my weapons, I probably wouldn't be able to break through the fog.'

'However, I am certain that this is not enough power to break through.'

Nick narrowed his eyes.

'And my ability isn't active.'

The Fog could perceive Nick, which meant that he was only as strong as a Peak Newbie.

Although, with his body, he probably had the power of an average Initial John.

'If I want to break out of here, I have to get my ability to activate.'

'Let's hope the Fog's ability is good enough.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 183 183 – Hatchlings
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For a while longer, Nick kept punching and kicking the air.

He knew that it wouldn't help him, but he wanted to know what the Fog actually did.

After all, he would most likely need to work with it in the future.

Might as well learn more things about it right now since it wasn't in a hurry to kill him.

From time to time, Nick managed to push the Fog to the side, revealing a darker place behind the bright grey.

By the looks of things, Nick wasn't in a place with a lot of sunlight.

The Fog wasn't strong enough to completely transport Nick into a parallel dimension or world, which was why Nick had to be somewhere in Crimson Fungus City.

Nick wasn't sure how much time passed, but he started to get hungry.

Surprisingly, even though Nick had moved around quite a lot, he didn't get thirsty.

'The Fog is probably moisturizing my body, which means I need no water.'

'Based on the clear color of the piss I just took, it gives me quite a lot of water as well. That's a healthy amount.'

'However, there is no food.'

'Is that how it kills its victims?'

'It traps them in an endless world of grey until they starve to death?'

'I wonder if that's how it becomes stronger or if it's just corpses.'

'No, it's probably not corpses. Otherwise, it wouldn't feed me water.'

'Most likely, slowly starving inside its domain is what it actually gains power from.'

'Now, is it perpetually gaining power while I am in here, or does it only get a burst of power when I die?'

This was an important question.

If the Fog perpetually produced Zephyx by someone walking through its domain, working with the Fog would be easy. He would just need to send a Zephyx Extractor in there and take them out after a while.

However, if the Fog only got the power after actually killing the people through starvation, Nick would have an issue at hand.

This meant that he couldn't ask any of his Zephyx Extractors to work with it.

Even more, it meant that Nick needed to search for criminals or something like that. He couldn't imagine just sending random people to their deaths like this.

'I can't be sure, but I think it produces Zephyx during the process of being lost. Otherwise, it probably wouldn't have been confident enough to trap me since I would have plenty of time to exhaust its Zephyx supply.'

Nick decided to remain inside the Fog for two more hours to see whether or not it would unveil another aspect of itself.

But nothing happened.

Nick's head was still clear, and even though he was sweaty from all the sports, his stamina had already recovered, which meant that the Fog wasn't isolating the Prephyx.

This meant that Nick could heal and recover while lost in the Fog.

'That's probably not something it can do yet, but I would imagine that it can learn something like that in the future.'

'After all, Veterans don't need to eat or drink anything since the Prephyx in the atmosphere nourishes them. If a Veteran were lost in here, they would never die.'

'Maybe the Fog will one day learn the ability to isolate Prephyx?'

Scientists were sure that most Specters were born as Hatchlings, which meant that the Fog had also been a Hatchling before.

They came to that conclusion because they had found buried data depicting a bloody room with two people fighting in it.

They also found pictures of a bloody colosseum with teeth at its edges and several people fighting in it.

The scientists were quite certain that these had been iterations of the Maw, one of the Eternals.

According to history, the Maw had once started out as just a random room, and it was eventually used as some sort of arena.

At some point, humanity must have lost control over it, and it became the terror it was today.

If the Maw had once been a Hatchling, chances were high that almost all Specters had once been Hatchlings.

Except for one.

The oldest Specter known to humanity was the Sun, and as far as they had heard, it had always been there.

The Sun was probably the only Specter that hadn't been a Hatchling.

As a Hatchling, the Fog probably didn't have the ability to nourish someone with water, which meant that it would need to get new victims quicker.

Nick was building a profile on the Fog. After all, it was his job, and the more he knew about his Specters, the better.

Seeing that nothing was changing, Nick decided to become active.

First, he wanted to try if the locator worked.

Naturally, Nick came prepared since he knew that he would meet with the Fog.

Because of that, Nick had received a locator.

He pulled a small rod out of one of his pockets and flipped it open, pulling out a couple of legs.

Then, he placed it on the ground and pressed a button.

The tip of the locator started to slowly shine yellow, which meant that it was starting up.

For a couple of seconds, Nick watched the yellow light.

And then, the light suddenly turned red.

Nick just furrowed his brow. 'That's to be expected, I suppose.'

The red light meant that a foreign force of Zephyx was interfering with the signal.

The locator worked by spreading a special kind of Zephyx, which could be picked up by certain instruments.

However, the presence of the Specter kept the Zephyx from spreading.

It was like a big man surrounding a small mouse with his hand.

The mouse couldn't move out of the hand since it was all around it, and it wasn't strong enough to break through.

'I might be able to escape on my own with the new ability I'm about to obtain, but I can't expect to capture the Fog on my own.'

'I need the help of Dark Dream, and for that, I need to activate the locator.'

'I guess it's time to advance and get my new ability.'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 184 184 – John
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick sat down and closed his eyes.

This would be his first advancement, and he wanted to make sure that nothing went wrong.

Nick imagined himself pulling something out from deep inside of him.

Almost immediately, Nick felt himself becoming hotter, and he started to break out in sweat.

All the Zephyx that his body had prepared for the breakthrough was being accessed and burned.

Nick's muscles began to shake, and he felt like his heart was beating in his ear.

His face turned red, and he started to grimace with strain.

His breathing deepened.

The next moment, Nick felt like something new appeared inside his body.

It was a strange sensation.

It was like something blue and calm was expanding inside of him.

As the blue force expanded throughout Nick's torso, he felt like he was bathing in the Recovery Bath again.

It was so relaxing.

But at the same time, Nick felt like his confidence was shooting through the roof, and he felt like he had the ability to tear reality apart.

Nick took a very deep breath, and the blue force exploded.

It encompassed his entire body.

Nick kept breathing in without end.

It was almost like all the air he was breathing in was vanishing!

He just kept inhaling and inhaling, but his chest almost didn't expand.

The more he inhaled, the more he wanted to jump around and punch something.

He was so full of energy!

Half a minute later, Nick stopped inhaling.

Nick's muscles flexed on their own, and he felt like he could punch a house into dust.

At that point, the strange things happening to his body stopped.

Naturally, Nick knew what that meant.

'I advanced!'

'I'm a level two Zephyx Extractor now!'

'Finally, I'm a John!'

Nick jumped onto his feet with ease, even though he still carried his weapons on his body.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Immediately after, Nick started to rapidly punch and kick the air around him again.

This time, the dark afterimage of his real surroundings appeared more frequently and clearer.

But the next moment, the afterimages changed.

Several corpses were looking at Nick through the gaps in the Fog.

It was like Nick was surrounded by corpses that just kept looking at him.

'That's troublesome,' Nick thought with furrowed brows.

'I think I know where I am.'

Nick was quite certain that the corpses looking at him were not real.

They were just illusions.

Created by the Nightmare.

At this moment, Nick was sure that he was surrounded by the Fog, which was surrounded by darkness.

Specters didn't suffer from the effects of the Nightmare, which was why it could simply be there.

Additionally, it seemed to have the ability to isolate Nick from the Nightmare's influence.

Yet, as soon as Nick managed to create small gaps in the Fog, the Nightmare's influence could enter, which was what produced these images of the corpses watching him.

'Either I'm in some kind of room, or I'm in the sewers. I can't be entirely sure,' Nick thought.

All of Nick's hunger and exhaustion vanished after he turned into a John, and he took advantage of that and started to launch an assault on his surroundings.

Due to Nick's impressive body, his base strength was probably already on the level of an average Early John or maybe even Mid John.

He didn't know at what exact level the Fog was, which was why he was trying to break through the Fog right now.

Nick was very disciplined and athletic, which allowed him to launch a perfect barrage of brutal attacks for an extended period of time.

If he managed to exhaust the Fog completely, it was probably only an Initial Adolescent or an Early Adolescent.

But if it kept resisting, it was probably a Mid, Late, or Peak Adolescent.

Over the next hours, Nick managed to create many gaps through which he could see images that seemed to come from hell.

Yet, the Fog kept returning to its old form again and again.

It didn't matter how much Nick punched and kicked.

It seemed to have no use.

Even when Nick created a gap and pushed his arm through, the fog just closed in front of Nick's arm again.

While Nick was doing all of this, he kept an eye on the locator.

The red light was sometimes getting weaker, but it always stayed red.

That meant that the amount of foreign Zephyx isolating the signal was sometimes reducing but never really vanishing.

Eventually, Nick stopped and sat down again.

'No use,' he thought with a sigh.

'I'm sure I've attacked it for over an hour, and it doesn't behave any differently from the beginning.'

'It can probably withstand my attacks forever.'

Nick gulped as his nervousness increased.

He had been prepared for this eventuality, but he still felt nervous.

His survival now depended on the ability he had acquired.

If Nick's mutated ability could activate the effect of the Null's ability, he would be able to escape.

But if it didn't, Nick's chances of survival would be slim.

Dark Dream knew that Nick was captured by the Fog somewhere, and they were searching for him.

Yet, the chances of Dark Dream finding him without the locator were slim.

After all, not even Nick managed to find the Fog after days of searching for it.

Nick closed his eyes and willed fog to appear from within him.

The moment of truth had arrived.

What kind of ability had Nick unlocked?

Would Nick be able to create fog around him?

Could Nick create fog somewhere else?

Did Nick's attacks attain some kind of steam effect?

Could Nick manipulate water?

Many different kinds of mutations could have appeared within Nick's ability, and he didn't know which one he had received.

What would his ability be?

Would it be useful?

Would it help him in this scenario?

As Nick willed the fog to appear, he noticed the blue force inside of him again.

Apparently, it hadn't vanished after his breakthrough.

But now, the blue force was reducing rapidly.

Within less than a second, all of the blue force vanished.

And Nick's mutated ability activated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 185 185 – Mutated Ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick couldn't see what was happening due to all the fog, but he could feel his ability of Null activating!

This meant that the Fog couldn't perceive him anymore!

Nick immediately jumped to his feet and released a terrifying kick.

…

Nothing.

The Fog showed no reaction.

It was almost like Nick hadn't used any kind of attack.

Naturally, Nick released several more attacks, but the Fog just didn't react.

The next moment, Nick willed his ability to stop.

The blue force appeared inside Nick's chest again, and it returned to normal within less than a second.

At the same time, Nick's ability deactivated again.

BANG!

Nick unleashed a kick, and the Fog finally reacted again.

Nick furrowed his brows.

'It sucks that I can't see my body right now. I want to know what is happening.'

'I should try around some more.'

Nick experimented with his new ability a couple of times.

Whoooosh!

Suddenly, a huge gap appeared in the Fog, and Nick's eyes widened.

Just now, Nick had activated his new ability, and while unleashing an attack, he deactivated it again.

By now, Nick had noticed that both of his abilities activated and deactivated at the same time.

When his new ability was active, Nick's old ability was also active.

However, Nick's old ability wasn't active when his new ability wasn't.

This meant that his new ability hid Nick from the Fog's perception, but when it deactivated, it perceived Nick again.

Yet, kinetic energy and inertia were a thing.

So, if Nick unleashed an attack with his ability active and deactivated it again, his attack would still have the kinetic energy of when his ability was active.

This was how Nick had managed to unleash such a strong attack just now.

Nick's eyes narrowed, and he immediately started to unleash more attacks.

The more he activated and deactivated his ability, the more familiar he became with it.

By now, the activation and deactivation times were barely 0.1 seconds.

This meant that Nick could attack the Fog like his ability was active.

It took a bit of practice, but he became pretty good at it.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Nick kept hitting the Fog in front of him, and the gaps grew larger and larger.

The color of the light on top of the locator changed from red to a weak red to a weak green.

When Nick saw that, he felt even more energized, and he continued attacking.

By now, each of Nick's attacks created a huge gap.

If he were fast enough, he could probably even jump through one of the gaps and escape.

But there were two problems.

First of all, the Nightmare was the ruler of the world in front of Nick.

And second, Nick didn't want the Fog to retreat.

Sure, Nick was powerful and could escape from the Fog, but he was certain that he could neither kill nor contain it.

It would be like catching smoke with his hands.

This was the problem with Force Specters.

They didn't have bodies to fight with, but they were insanely difficult to catch, kill, and suppress.

So, Nick just kept kicking and punching at the same opening he had already created.

He needed his locator to remain active.

The longer it remained active, the further its signal would spread.

For over an hour, Nick just kept attacking the same spot.

By now, Nick started to feel exhausted and tired.

'How long are they going to take?!'

Slowly, the gap was becoming smaller and smaller since Nick couldn't keep attacking with all of his power.

About 90 minutes after he started attacking, Nick stopped and sat down.

The Fog closed around him again, and Nick breathed heavily.

He was completely exhausted.

At least he had gotten more familiar with his new ability, even though he still couldn't tell what exactly it was doing.

He only knew that it could hide him from the Fog's perception.

'I'll continue later,' he thought.

For about an hour, Nick just recovered his strength.

Then, he continued attacking the Fog and creating an opening.

90 minutes later, Nick had to take a break again.

By now, Nick was getting tired.

He had been awake for quite a while, and he had done a lot of sports.

'Should I sleep?' Nick thought.

He really didn't like that idea.

What if the Fog attacked him while he was sleeping?

What if it had some kind of ability to poison him with some kind of gas during his sleep?

'I suspect that it probably won't do something like that, but I'm not willing to take that risk outside a Containment Unit.'

'I have to continue.'

Nick stood up again and continued punching and kicking.

The world behind the Fog was just as terrifying as in the beginning.

Luckily, it couldn't enter the Fog's world.

In a way, the Fog was protecting Nick from the Nightmare.

Nick wanted to know where he was, but he had no idea since the Nightmare just kept changing everything around him.

He could be in a tiny dark closet or in the sewers.

Only one thing was certain.

It was dark.

Dark enough to allow the Nightmare to use all its power.

Nick was getting weak again, and he wasn't sure how long he would need to rest this time.

Moving his body had become very difficult due to all of the accumulated exhaustion.

"Nick?"

Nick felt like he heard someone calling him just now, but that could also just be the Nightmare.

But then, the color of the gap changed.

From a red and black hell, it turned into an evening yellow.

At that moment, Nick could finally see where he was.

He was on top of a tall structure within the sewers.

Nick changed the angle of his attacks and created a gap diagonally above him.

There, he saw a big hole with several people looking through it.

It was the people from Dark Dream!

"Are you alright, Nick?" Wyntor shouted through the hole.

"I'm good!" Nick shouted back through heavy breaths.

Nick could see Wyntor through the gap, and Wyntor looked concerned.

"You don't look alright," Wyntor said. "You keep switching between blurry and normal."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 186 186 – Repelling Cell
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"I'm turning blurry?" Nick asked through his attacks.

"Yes!" Wyntor shouted. "You're turning blurry for just a very small instant before you turn solid again."

"That should be my ability!" Nick shouted back. "But more importantly, what about the Repelling Cell?"

"We got it!" Wyntor shouted back. "We're going to prepare it, but it might take several hours! You can rest for a while!"

"Okay, good," Nick shouted back. "I'll come out again in a couple of hours."

Then, Nick stopped attacking the Fog, and all the gaps closed.

Nick immediately sat down and started to heave heavily.

He was so insanely exhausted, and he also started to become hungry again.

His breakthrough had only temporarily filled his hunger.

Fortunately, Nick didn't feel as nervous anymore.

After all, the people of Dark Dream had found him, and he only needed to wait now.

Luckily, the Fog wasn't really a conscious Specter, as shown by its passiveness in this situation.

Any intelligent being would have noticed that Nick could have escaped from the Fog after activating his ability.

But the fact that he didn't leave meant that it would most likely be a bad idea to continue containing him.

If the Fog were intelligent, it would have let go of Nick and would have run away.

Even more, the discussion between Nick and Wyntor was also a dead giveaway that something was going to happen to the Fog.

It seemed like the intelligence of the Fog was on about the same level as the intelligence of the Screaming Coffin.

Maybe even less.

Because of that, Dark Dream had all the time in the world to build something.

For the next couple of hours, Nick just waited and recovered.

He was so hungry and tired, but he couldn't go to sleep yet.

They had to capture the Fog first.

Eventually, Nick stood up and started to attack his surroundings again.

"We need two more hours," Trevor shouted at Nick as soon as he saw the gap.

"Okay!" Nick shouted back before stopping.

Just now, Nick had seen over five of Dark Dream's Extractors working on creating a platform beside the Fog.

Many metallic grates and plates had been bent into supportive beams for an eventual platform beside the Fog.

The hole in the ceiling of the sewers had also been expanded by a lot, and Nick had seen several broken walls behind the hole.

'The Fog is probably below some big building in the Outer City. By the looks of things, Wyntor probably purchased the building and demolished the majority to make the hole,' Nick thought.

Nick took a deep breath and sat down.

The more time advanced, the more difficult it was to wait.

He just wanted to eat something and go to sleep.

Sleeping felt so tempting right now, but Nick wanted to be certain that nothing would happen to him.

Additionally, Nick would most likely sleep for more than just two hours.

After some time, Nick unleashed some attacks again to check on everyone.

"We'll start in 30 minutes," Trevor shouted when he saw Nick kicking the Fog again.

"Okay!"

Nick stopped attacking and waited.

Just now, he had seen that the platform had already been constructed, and everyone was testing the stability of it.

Nick had seen several people punching the walls and jumping up and down.

It was important that the platform they built was very sturdy.

After all, the Repelling Cell was a heavy hunk of hard metal, which weighed over a ton.

Nick prepared himself for 30 minutes.

And then, it was finally time.

Nick unleashed some attacks again, and he saw it.

On a platform beside the Fog was a massive black cube. Many light blue tubes and wires went through the walls of the cube, and there were four big cylinders filled with white liquid behind it.

"We're ready!" Wyntor shouted from outside the hole. "We're going to activate the Repelling Cage!"

A second later, Wyntor nodded towards his employees on the platform.

Trevor stood near the console of the Repelling Cell and nodded back.

Trevor activated the Repelling Cell, and it started to give off a deep and powerful hum.

The light blue tubes and wires turned white, and the cell started to shine.

At the same time, the white liquid on the cylinders on the back lowered.

The white liquid in the cylinders was pure Zephyx.

Every cylinder had a full kilo of pure Zephyx inside it.

This meant that just these four cylinders were worth four million credits!

"Okay, you can bring it inside now!" Wyntor shouted at Nick.

Nick nodded and narrowed his eyes.

Then, he started to take tiny steps forward while he kept launching attacks.

When there were no gaps within the Fog, Nick wouldn't be able to move in the real world, no matter how far he ran inside the Fog's world.

But with several big gaps, Nick could move in the real world.

Somewhat.

It was still a bit awkward.

Nick kicked open a hole and moved his hand slowly towards the opening while walking forward just a bit.

The Fog needed to close itself behind Nick's hand and body, which made it move backward just a tiny bit.

If Nick just directly jumped out, the Fog would probably fly away and vanish.

Slowly, over a couple of minutes, Nick managed to advance to the edge of the ruin he was on.

Then, he continued.

A minute later, Nick was mostly on the platform that Dark Dream had built for him.

He was directly in front of the Repelling Cell.

He kept advancing, and two minutes later, he was already inside the big cell.

When he reached the back wall of the cell, he stopped advancing and opened a gap behind him so that he could talk to the people of Dark Dream.

He saw almost all of his Extractors smiling with excitement at him.

"We're going to transport you with the Fog," Jenny shouted to him. "In two hours, you can come out!"

"Okay!" Nick shouted before he stopped attacking.

Outside, everyone was looking at Wyntor.

"Activate it," he told Trevor.

Trevor nodded and pressed a big red button on the Repelling Cell.

Then, it activated.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 187 187 – Elevated Status
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

While Nick was resting inside the Fog's domain, Trevor activated the Repelling Cell.

WHOOOOOM!

Immediately, the hum of the Repelling Cell became many times louder, and some of the Extractors even held their ears.

The wires and tubes turned an iridescent white, and the cell seemingly turned white.

Inside the cell, the white light pushed the Fog towards the center.

At that moment, the Fog realized that something was going on, and it tried to flee.

It moved in a random direction, but it could only move for about ten centimeters before it couldn't proceed anymore.

Naturally, it tried all the other directions, but the same thing happened.

It was almost like it was surrounded by thick and durable wool.

It could push into the wool, but at some point, the resistance of the wool was greater than the force the Fog could use.

This effect was produced by the Zephyx running through the cell.

Just like how the Fog had suppressed the locator with its own Zephyx, the Fog was now suppressed by the Repelling Cell with its own Zephyx.

Just like the locator, the Fog tried to expand outward but couldn't force its way through the overwhelmingly powerful and dense Zephyx around it.

The walls, ceiling, and floor of the Repelling Cell couldn't be touched by the Fog at all.

In the end, the Fog turned into a smaller cube inside the bigger cube.

At this moment, Nick's feet were outside the Fog since it couldn't touch the floor at all.

Luckily, humans were immune to the effect of the Repelling Cage.

In fact, almost all Physical and Possession Specters were also immune to the effect.

The thing was that the Zephyx of the cell was simply denser than the Fog's body, but its density couldn't possibly compare to a human body.

For Nick, walking through the Zephyx was marginally more difficult than walking through air but not nearly as difficult as walking through water.

When Nick felt his feet coming into contact with dry instead of moist air, he knew that the Repelling Cell was working.

On the outside, the people saw the white light of the Repelling Cell becoming stronger and weaker in different places.

This showed that something inside the cell was trying to escape.

But that was to be expected.

"Get it back to Dark Dream!" Wyntor commanded.

The Zephyx Extractors nodded and jumped onto the platform.

The platform shook a bit, but it still held.

"3, 2, 1," Jenny counted down.

Then, four people lifted the cell on each corner.

Trevor quickly ran under the cell and pushed upward from the middle.

The cell was lifted, and after a bit of solving logistical issues, they managed to push it out of the big hole.

As soon as they did, they almost collapsed in exhaustion.

They were all Peak Newbies by now, but that fucking thing was still so fucking heavy.

Even more, Jenny and Trevor were Initial Johns already, but this thing was still so heavy.

Jenny and Trevor were both assigned to the Dreamer, and the Dreamer had turned into an Adolescent about three months ago.

This meant that their advancement had also sped up.

Nick was still working with the Bleeding Lady, but he wasn't producing as much Zephyx as Jenny or Trevor, which was why it took him longer to advance.

Yet, despite having two Johns helping them, it was still not easy to move the Repelling Cell.

"Come on, Boss is still in there," Trevor said through heavy breathing. "Let's get this thing back to Dark Dream."

The other Extractors nodded and lifted the Repelling Cell again.

Some minutes later, the Extractors were moving through the Outer City while carrying the Repelling Cell.

Naturally, that created a lot of buzz, and the people were watching with interest.

Obviously, almost all the other Manufacturers also noticed what was going on, and they sent their people to watch Dark Dream.

All the Manufacturers knew what a Repelling Cell was, and they knew what it meant when several Extractors carried one through the streets.

Especially when it was active.

Most of the Manufacturers were impressed.

Some of them had heard of Cycle and Dark Dream, but they hadn't really paid any attention to them.

They barely had any Specters or Extractors.

However, the capture of a Force Specter acted as a kind of milestone for Manufacturers.

Capturing a Force Specter was one of the most difficult things to do.

It needed a ton of money, intense planning, and many powerful Extractors.

That made Force Specters very valuable.

While a Force Specter didn't produce more Zephyx than any other kind of Specter, just the investment needed to capture them made them worth a lot.

Some Manufacturers would probably even pay ten million credits.

Since Dark Dream had managed to capture a Force Specter, it meant that they had become an actual Manufacturer in the eyes of the other Manufacturers.

The Spartans, the Manufacturer just one place above Dark Dream, only had a single Force Specter.

One had to remember that the Spartans had four Veterans, over 20 Johns, and over 40 Newbies.

They had over ten Specters, and one of their Specters was about to become an Adult.

Yet, they only had a single Force Specter, which was also their main Specter.

So, even though the size and power difference between Dark Dream and the Spartans was massive, the other Manufacturers now often put them together when talking about other Manufacturers.

A Manufacturer that could capture a Force Specter was a good Manufacturer.

Naturally, the other Manufacturers now paid more attention to Dark Dream.

Dark Dream was actually becoming interesting to them.

Before the cell reached Dark Dream's building, the other Manufacturers had already found out what kind of Specter was in the Repelling Cell.

Everyone knew about the Fog, and everyone had seen where the Extractors from Dark Dream had come from.

It was pretty obvious that the Fog was in there.

The Manufacturers didn't really care.

No one really wanted to invest the money to capture the Fog anyway.

They didn't care that Dark Dream caught it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 188 188 – Captured
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick felt the floor moving below him, and he knew that his people were currently carrying the cell to the building.

He just wanted to go to sleep, but he kept himself awake.

About an hour later, Nick felt like he was being pulled upwards, which told him that the Repelling Cell was getting pulled up.

Naturally, Nick knew about the entire plan, and he knew how they were going to pull the Repelling Cell upward.

A pulley on the roof.

The bad part was that this meant that all the onlookers knew on which floor the Fog would be contained, but there was nothing they could do about it.

The Repelling Cell was too big and didn't fit through the doors, and carrying it up the staircase would probably take hours.

One had to know that every hour the cell was active used up a kilo of Zephyx.

It wasn't worth the millions of credits just to keep the floor a secret.

So, they just pulled it up at the side of the building.

When the cage reached the sixth floor, the Extractors removed the walls and pulled it inside.

After that, they put the walls back.

The group of onlookers talked with each other for a while before leaving since there was nothing to see anymore.

On the sixth floor, the Extractors carried the cell to the expensive Containment Unit for the Fog.

Since the Containment Units were all surrounded by the inner walls of the building, it didn't look any different from the other Containment Units.

However, if one stripped off the walls, it looked very different.

First of all, there were many small windows with sensors and cameras on the wall.

Additionally, there were so many expensive wires and tubes going around the Containment Unit.

Lastly, the console was almost five times as big as the consoles of the other Containment Units.

This thing had so many different functions that it couldn't be compared to the other Containment Units anymore.

This thing was a beast!

Jenny and Nick had undergone a five-day long training course on how to operate this Containment Unit by its designers and creators.

They were the only two who could operate this Containment Unit.

The main door of the Containment Unit opened, and it sounded a loud and scary alarm.

Then, everyone waited.

To ensure that no Specter was accidentally released, the Containment Unit would sound the alarm for a full five minutes before opening.

This was to make absolutely sure that no one was trying to secretly open it.

Five minutes later, a big part of the wall was opened, and the walls were moving into a form that seemed to mirror the Repelling Cell's shape perfectly.

The Repelling Cell and the Containment Unit were made by the same company, and they were obviously compatible with each other.

The Extractors moved the Repelling Cell to the hole and heard several clicks.

After making sure that all eight clicks sounded, they stepped away.

Jenny went to the Containment Unit's cell and pressed several buttons.

Then, she nodded to Trevor.

Trevor nodded back and pressed a button at the side of the Repelling Cell.

The cell started to shine even brighter, and half of a cylinder of Zephyx emptied immediately.

The humming turned even louder.

BANG!

The wall of the cell facing the Containment Unit shot open with incredible force.

BOOOOOM!

Then, the cell exploded in a bright white light, and all the Extractors had to protect their eyes.

Inside the Repelling Cell, Nick's eyes opened wide when he saw the Fog instantly vanish from around him.

The next moment, Nick saw the Fog hitting the distant wall of the Containment Unit with wonder and surprise.

BANG!

The wall of the Containment Unit slammed shut with insane power, and the wires turned white and purple.

Nick heard a low humming noise coming from the Containment Unit, but it couldn't be compared to the ear-shattering noise of the Repelling Cell.

Outside, Jenny pressed several buttons on the Containment Unit's console and checked through all metrics.

Everyone waited with bated breaths.

About a minute later, Jenny released a sigh.

"Everything looks good," she said with a smile.

Immediately, some of the Extractors sat on the floor in relief while a couple others were cheering.

They had done it!

"We can celebrate later," Jenny said. "Get Boss out of there first."

The Extractors quickly walked up to the Repelling Cell, and Trevor pressed several buttons.

After eight clinks, Trevor gestured for the Extractors to move the cage back, and they did just that.

Inside the cage, Nick saw the cell getting moved away from the wall, and he released a sigh of relief.

The next second, Trevor looked into the cell and smiled. "We got it!"

Nick smiled back and walked out.

As soon as he walked out, all the Extractors cheered.

Their Chief Zephyx Extractor had done it!

Without him, they wouldn't have been able to capture the Fog.

Nick had been the one that had located it, kept it busy, and moved it into the cage.

He had also been the only one in true danger.

Not even a single Extractor wasn't proud of Nick at this moment, and they were happy that they had an actually competent boss.

Nick smiled with embarrassment as he rubbed the back of his head.

"Well done, everyone!" Wyntor said with a couple of claps for his employees. "You all did amazing work today!"

The Extractors smiled respectfully.

Then, Wyntor walked over to Nick and put his hand on Nick's shoulder.

"Good job, Nick!" he said. "I knew it wasn't a mistake to invest so much in you!"

Naturally, Wyntor spoke the latter part quietly.

"Thanks, Wyntor," Nick answered with a sigh. "I'm beat. I just want to eat something and go to sleep."

Wyntor nodded with a laugh. "I can imagine! Then, I won't keep you here any longer. Have a fun night, and we're going to see each other the day after tomorrow."

Nick and Wyntor had already agreed that Nick would get the day off after capturing the Fog.

"Thanks, I really need that now," Nick said.

Wyntor just laughed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 189 189 – New Ability
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick left Dark Dream, got something to eat, and went to sleep.

The next day, Nick went to the arena that he and Reynold had created over a year ago.

By now, Reynold and Manela had stopped training Nick, but he was still using their training grounds for his own training.

Kugelblitz had its own training rooms, which were much better than these places.

Reynold and Manela simply didn't need to use these places to train.

After finishing his regular workout, Nick decided to test his new ability.

He still wasn't sure what his ability actually did.

He quickly searched for an abandoned house and entered since he didn't want anyone to find out what kind of ability he had.

While his first ability was literally impossible to see, his new one could be seen.

After all, Wyntor had said that Nick had turned blurry.

Nick's ability was active, which meant that nobody was seeing him currently.

That was the best opportunity to test his new ability.

Nick lifted his right arm, looked at it, and activated his ability.

As soon as he activated the ability, his arm turned cloudy and almost transparent.

Nick's eyes widened, and he looked at the remainder of his body.

Everything had turned cloudy and blurry.

It was almost like Nick was looking at his body through an extremely dirty and grimy window.

The next moment, he touched his left arm with his right hand.

And his eyes widened in shock.

His right arm passed through his left arm!

Next, Nick moved his arm rapidly through his body, and that was when he noticed what was actually going on.

Part of his blurry body was leaving him and being pushed away like smoke.

'I'm fog!' Nick thought.

Sure enough, Nick looked like some kind of colorful fog.

The part of Nick's body that had been pushed away slowly flew back to Nick's body and reattached itself.

Next, Nick started to move around.

He could still keep his form while moving, but the faster he moved, the blurrier and less distinct his body's shape became.

It was like his body was trying to keep its shape but was too sluggish to do it rapidly and consistently.

Even more, Nick started to feel weak, and his head started to ache.

So, he deactivated his ability.

In an instant, the fog turned solid, and Nick's body reappeared.

'That's how the Fog couldn't notice me,' Nick thought.

'The Fog didn't have eyes, and it also probably couldn't hear. This means that it could only perceive me by touch.'

'So, when I turned into Fog, it lost its perception of me.'

'It's probably the same thing with humans. When I turn into fog, they can't feel me with their bodies since I won't feel any different from air.'

'But in that state, I also can't interact with anything. I can't use my weapons or damage anything.'

'Speaking of!'

Nick activated his ability again and looked at his clothing and weapons.

Surprisingly, his weapons and clothing also turned into fog.

Even his Barrier turned into fog.

It was very strange.

Next, Nick pulled out one of his spears while he was in his fog-state and materialized again with his spear in his hand.

'This means I can manipulate and change my body shape while I am fog,' Nick thought.

Nick experimented with his new fog-state for over an hour, and he finally managed to create a full profile on it.

'Sure enough, there has to be a weakness to my ability. It can't all be this perfect all the time,' Nick thought with furrowed brows.

When Nick had been inside the Fog, he had transformed his body many, many times, but he had never run out of Zephyx.

This meant that deactivating and activating his ability didn't cost any Zephyx.

Yet, there had to be a Zephyx cost to this, and Nick had already found it.

Keeping his body in one piece cost Zephyx.

For example, if Nick were to just stand in the same position, he could permanently keep his fog-state active since he wasn't using any Zephyx.

However, when he moved, his body was using Zephyx to keep the fog clumped together.

The more his fog moved, the more Zephyx his body used to pull it back together.

It was a bit like a guy attached to two heavy weights lying on the ground. While the man was standing, he wouldn't need to carry the weights, but when he moved in any direction, he needed to use power to move the weights.

While he had been kicking inside the Fog, Nick had been using a bit of Zephyx, which was why he had become so hungry and exhausted, but it wasn't a lot since the movement was controlled.

But things would become very different if the movement became involuntary.

Like getting punched, kicked, or shot.

At that point, his body would be dispersed in many different directions, which would require a ton of Zephyx to fix.

And if he didn't have enough Zephyx?

Nick wasn't sure, but the most logical explanation was that he would automatically return to his normal form…

At whatever location his body was.

Nick had tested this by simply punching a wall while he was in his fog-state.

As soon as Nick's foggy hand hit the wall, it exploded and scattered across the wall.

When Nick's hand had returned to his body, he had felt quite exhausted.

He assumed that he had used nearly 30% of his Zephyx storage to pull his hand back into place.

And that was him only punching a stationary wall.

If someone kicked through his body…

One had to remember that Zephyx Extractors were extraordinarily powerful.

A proper kick from a John would create a huge gust of wind.

That would disperse Nick's entire body.

Nick was almost certain that he would die in that situation.

Using the fog-state in direct combat was extremely risky.

It was more useful for running away, repositioning, or just general movement.

Luckily, there were not only bad things about this ability.

Nick had also found quite a few useful things.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 190 190 – Strengths and Weaknesses
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

For example, Nick noticed that moving was very different from normal.

While Nick was many times slower in his fog-state, there were a couple of interesting things.

For example, he could cling to any surface and move along it quietly.

Nick could quietly slither up a huge building like a spider without any issues.

Then, he could simply materialize on top of it with all of his equipment.

Sadly, Nick couldn't just fly.

His fog needed to be attached to something, and it couldn't move too fast, or Nick would lose a lot of Zephyx.

Nick had tried to throw a spear and attach himself to his own spear while it was flying, but he immediately stopped when he felt his Zephyx vanish at insane speeds.

The reason was the strong wind, mostly.

After that, Nick took a while to come to terms with the fact that a strong gust of wind could kill him if he wasn't careful.

But there was one other thing that was quite interesting.

Nick could fit through tiny openings as long as he moved through them very slowly.

As long as Nick moved slowly through a small hole, he didn't need to use as much Zephyx to recover his shape.

For example, Nick had moved through one of the grates on the ground and entered the sewers.

However, that move had cost him 20% of his Zephyx and took almost half a minute.

But that was still impressive!

After all, Nick could now easily enter the sewers, and even more, he could travel through it by clinging to the ceiling.

This meant that the sewers had essentially transformed into pathways Nick could use.

Well, as long as there was light.

Traveling through the darkness was still dangerous.

Nick had a lot more experience with the Nightmare, but traveling through its world was still extremely dangerous.

If Nick accidentally commanded his body to move away from the ceiling, he would drop down into the sewers.

It was possible that Nick would simply land above the liquid since he wasn't very dense, but it was also possible that he would fall into it, and his body would disperse.

Nick didn't want to find out.

But, of course, this wasn't the only use of this ability.

For once, the Nightmare's existence actually helped Nick.

After all, nearly every single building in Crimson Fungus City had holes in its walls and ceiling so that the sunlight could enter.

And Nick could fit through these holes.

Sure, it would cost some Zephyx and would take a while, but it was possible.

In summary, the ability was extraordinarily useful in non-combat scenarios but almost useless during combat.

Unless his opponent was blind and deaf.

'I would say it's pretty useful,' Nick thought. 'My battle style is already mostly reliant on finding ways to escape my opponent's perception and attacking from that position.'

'And as far as I see it, this ability achieves just that.'

'But now, I wonder what kind of ability the normal one from the Fog is.'

One had to remember that this was a mutation of Nick's ability that had been granted by the Null.

This was not the ability the Fog would give someone without an ability.

One could see quite clearly that the ability that Nick had received worked to make it harder for people to perceive him, which was exactly what his main ability was all about.

Almost all abilities Nick would receive from any Specter would somehow or some way try to reduce the ways Nick could be perceived.

Some of them were simply more fitting than others.

For example, the Fog's ability was obviously very fitting to Nick's main ability, which was to be expected.

A less fitting one would have been the Lover, for example.

Maybe the Lover would have made Nick invisible to people who wanted to have sex with him?

Not very useful.

After all, someone would actually need to see him in order to even think about having sex with him.

Maybe the Dreamer would have made him very quiet for sleeping people?

Also not very useful.

Eventually, Nick finished all of his research and trained a bit more.

Even though he had a free day, Nick still hated doing nothing.

Over a year had passed since the incident, but Nick was still a bit scared of quiet and isolated moments.

Whenever he was alone with nothing to do, he felt nervous.

This made sleeping difficult, but Nick managed to circumvent that problem by training so much that he was always completely exhausted before going to sleep.

Maybe once he managed to achieve his goal, these problems would vanish.

Nick could only hope.

So, after a lot of training and planning, Nick went to sleep.

The next day, Nick entered Dark Dream again and did his daily duties.

Get the Zephyx canisters.

Measure the Zephyx.

Put the canisters and the measurements into Wyntor's office.

Check if the Screaming Coffin needed a new corpse and potentially give it a new one.

Get the pile of fresh garbage from the delivery man and dump it onto the Dung Heap.

Work with the Bleeding Lady.

Ask Jenny if anything of note happened.

Those were the regular duties that Nick did every morning.

When those were done, Nick either planned something for the Extractors, talked with Wyntor, searched for Specters, or coordinated with the Investigator Department of Dark Dream.

But today, Nick would do something different.

Someone had to find out the best way to work with the Fog, and that was Nick's job.

How long could someone survive in the Fog?

Was it possible to sleep in it?

Could more than one person enter?

Would that produce more or less Zephyx?

What was the easiest way to break out?

How much Zephyx did it produce?

There were many things Nick had to check.

Any inaccuracies on his part, and Dark Dream might lose tens of thousands of credits in potential profits per day.

When Nick was finally done with his daily duties, he told Jenny and Wyntor that he would be experimenting with the Fog.

And then he went to the sixth floor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 191 191 – Nothingness
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at the entrance to the locker room leading to the Fog's Containment Unit and sighed.

He always felt a bit nervous before working with a Specter for the first time.

He knew that he would be able to work with it just fine, but the unknown still made him feel a bit apprehensive.

Next, Nick walked over to the huge console beside the entrance and inspected it.

He knew how it worked, thanks to the training course, but he still wasn't comfortable working with it.

Nick spent several minutes familiarizing himself with the console and looked at all the statistics.

The Fog was contained without any issues, but its escape attempts had cost them some Zephyx.

Obviously, keeping something like a Force Specter contained required Zephyx.

After being locked in the Containment Unit for over an entire day, the Fog had cost them about seven grams of Zephyx.

It was a necessary cost, but it wasn't super high.

One had to remember that the Fog was, at least, a Mid Adolescent, making it at least equal to the Dung Heap.

The Dung Heap had been here for much longer, but the literal food it required to grow was ridiculous.

The Dung Heap wasn't growing at its maximum capacity due to the limited amount of food it was getting.

Because of that, the Dung Heap had just recently become a Mid Adolescent.

And the Fog was most likely a Mid or Late Adolescent, and compared to the Dung Heap, the Fog was actually dangerous.

The most the Dung Heap did was try to consume a Zephyx Extractor, but it wasn't very agile.

Sure, if someone didn't jump away immediately, they would get consumed, but all the Zephyx Extractors would obviously jump away as soon as the Dung Heap showed any signs of aggression.

This made the Dung Heap as dangerous as a Mid Hatchling or something like that. Containing it wasn't an issue.

As long as it had its food, it didn't even attempt to escape.

It was just happy where it was.

Meanwhile, the Fog would kill any Zephyx Extractor in Dark Dream except for Nick since none of them had the power to escape from its domain.

Luckily, the Fog was killing them extremely slowly, which meant that Nick could still use others to work with it.

'Well, no need to delay the inevitable,' Nick thought as he walked into the locker room.

Nick left his spears at the side and walked in with only his fist weapons.

As soon as he opened the door, the forcefield inside the Containment Unit suppressing the Fog intensified, pushing the Fog away from the entrance.

Nick entered, and the door closed behind him.

The forcefield retreated, and the Fog enveloped him.

Nick immediately felt his ability deactivating, but that didn't matter for now.

Nick walked forward for about 50 meters, making sure that he was well and truly inside the Fog's domain.

The fact that he could walk forward for 50 meters inside a 5x5 meter room was proof enough that he was in the Fog's domain.

After that, Nick stopped moving.

'Well, now, we wait,' Nick thought.

Then, he scratched the back of his neck.

Minutes passed.

'It's a bit boring.'

There wasn't really much to do in an endless void of nothingness.

'I mean, I could train, but that would create gaps in the Fog, which would reduce the amount of Zephyx produced since it would need to repair the gaps.'

In the end, Nick just lay down and looked upwards.

There was just nothing to do.

Nick's mind drifted through his memories.

Whenever he thought of Horua, Nick felt like his insides were cramping up.

'I just have to redeem myself,' Nick thought.

'I just have to help all the people of the Dregs, and this guilt will vanish.'

But then, Julian's words echoed through Nick's mind.

Would Horua really wish for something like that?

How would helping others make Horua forgive him?

Horua had been a child, and he probably wouldn't sacrifice himself for a bunch of people who shunned and exploited him.

Julian had said that Nick needed to accept that he had committed a mistake and live with it.

Trying to redeem himself by helping others wouldn't lessen the guilt Nick was feeling.

Nick would just continue feeling guilty because he would never feel like he had done enough to redeem himself.

And that feeling would be there because Nick wasn't dealing with the root cause of the issue, Horua.

'Do I really need to repay the people of the Dregs?'

'So many of them stole my food when I was a child, and they even stole the little bit of credits I managed to collect.'

'Do they deserve a better life?'

Nick wasn't sure.

He just kept looking into the nothingness.

'But if I don't help the people, what's the purpose of my life?'

'Why am I alive then?'

'To become rich? What's the point of being rich when I can't even feel happy?'

'To get a girlfriend? My guilt would still eat me up inside.'

'To become powerful? And then what? Great, I'm now powerful, and I can do whatever I want. But what's the point of that when I still feel guilty?'

'What's the point of anything if this darkness in my chest won't vanish?'

Nick felt like his chest was shaking with nervousness, stress, and anxiety.

'As long as this darkness in my chest still persists, all kinds of achievements are meaningless.'

'But how can I deal with it?'

'Julian said that helping the people of the Dregs won't help with my guilt.'

'However, does it need to?'

'I mean, all my achievements won't mean anything with this darkness, but that's only if my goal is to be happy.'

'What if my goal is just to improve the lives of others?'

'A selfless goal, you know?'

'Couldn't I have then said that living my life wasn't a waste?'

'After all, who else can claim to have helped so many people?'

Nick took a deep breath.

'But I want to be happy…'

'No matter how grand my goal is, in the end, I still want happiness.'

'I don't know…'

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 192 192 – A Lot of Zephyx
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

After an unknown period of time, Nick started to feel tired.

Obviously, night hadn't arrived yet, but the lack of any and all stimulus had tired Nick.

Nick kept thinking about his life, but no matter how much he thought, he just couldn't find a real solution to his problem.

His mind kept trying and trying to find a way to make peace with everything, but it just kept going in circles.

It was like Nick's mind was caught in an inescapable maze.

The more Nick thought, the more hopeless his situation seemed.

After a while, his mind started to drift away and think about things that Nick couldn't discern.

He felt like his mind was working right now, but Nick had no idea what his mind was working on.

For a long time, he just looked into the nothingness beside him.

He started to get hungry, but it seemed so unimportant again.

It was like all of Nick's power and care had left him.

None of this mattered.

'Sleeping in here might be dangerous,' Nick thought as his eyes were closing.

'However, I don't think that the Fog kills people in their sleep. At least, the chances are extremely small.'

'When we caught it, I kept attacking it for hours with my ability, and it still didn't let me go, which means that it was producing a ton of Zephyx, which in turn means that it's producing Zephyx by isolating living beings.'

'Killing me would stop its Zephyx production, and that's not what it wants.'

Under normal circumstances, Nick still wouldn't take the risk and go to sleep inside the Fog, but with his current mindset, he just didn't care enough to spend more time inside its domain while being awake.

So, he decided to go to sleep.

Surprisingly, the Fog felt so comfortable.

Its temperature was just perfect, and Nick felt nice and warm.

Even more, he didn't even feel thirsty.

Sure, he was starting to get hungry, but as someone who had grown up in the Dregs, Nick was used to sleeping while hungry.

And finally, Nick fell asleep.

A dreamless sleep.

It was almost like no time had passed.

When Nick opened his eyes again, he wasn't even sure if he had actually fallen asleep or not.

He had no idea how late it was.

He had no idea how long he had been in here.

Had he actually slept?

'I must have fallen asleep,' Nick thought. 'I feel quite a bit hungrier.'

Nick slowly sat up and took a deep breath.

'Well, I don't know how long I have been in here, but I already learned one important thing.'

'People can sleep inside the Fog.'

'That means that the shifts can be extended.'

'Maybe we'll go with one person going in for 24 hours and then getting two days of rest. I bet several of the Extractors would love such a timetable.'

'The Puppy and the Dreamer are both being worked with 24 hours a day in three eight-hour shifts. The Lover is being worked with by Kiara. That means that seven Extractors are constantly busy, and I only have seven Extractors.'

Nick sighed.

'As far as I can see, the Fog needs another three.'

'Seems like I have to get at least three new people.'

'I might as well use the opportunity to find out what kind of abilities the Puppy, the Lover, and the Fog give to new Extractors.'

'But first, I need to check a couple of things.'

After that, Nick stood up and readied himself.

BANG! BANG! BANG!

Nick unleashed many punches and kicks while turning into fog and back.

Huge gaps appeared in the Fog, and Nick rapidly moved forward while unleashing attacks.

BOOM!

Nick hit a wall, and his entire body vibrated.

After that, Nick started to attack the wall while traveling along it.

Eventually, he found the employee exit and the button for opening it.

After unleashing a punch, Nick quickly pressed the button.

WHOOOOM!

The Fog around him was pushed to the back as the Containment Unit strengthened its forcefield.

The door shot open, and Nick quickly walked through, which was followed by the door closing again.

Then, Nick stretched a bit in relaxation.

He was glad that he was done working with the Fog.

Nick grabbed his things and walked to the lobby of the building.

After asking the receptionist about the time, Nick knew how long he had been in there.

'About twelve hours,' Nick thought. 'I guess that's a good metric.'

Nick walked back to the sixth floor and checked the Zephyx container.

'67 grams in twelve hours?!' Nick thought with raised eyebrows.

'That's good!'

'That's like 130 grams per day. If we deduct the five grams or so needed to contain it per day, that's still something like 125 grams or so.'

'The Dreamer is barely producing 70!'

But then, Nick furrowed his brows.

'I need to test if the Fog always produces this much or if it is dependent on the power of the person inside it.'

Nick replaced the Zephyx container and walked to the third floor.

After walking through two doors, Nick was greeted by a blonde lady playing with a cute puppy.

This was Marvila, one of the Zephyx Extractors they had gotten from Ghosty's Lab.

When Marvila saw the door open, she furrowed her brows.

She had to stop already?

But when she saw Nick, her eyes shot open.

"I didn't refuse to leave!" she immediately shouted defensively.

"I know," Nick said. "I'm here for something else."

"Am I in trouble?" she asked.

"No," Nick answered. "I need you to test something for our new Specter. Are you fine with staying a couple hours longer today? You don't have to if you don't want to."

"Oh? What for?" she asked.

"I want to see if the Fog produces less Zephyx if it is working with weaker Extractors. I want you to stay inside the Fog for just as long as I have, which is twelve hours. Naturally, if there are any issues, I will get you out."

Marvila furrowed her brows.

"Am I getting paid for that?"

"Same thing as always," Nick said. "You get 10% of what you produce."

"Hmmm," Marvila uttered as she fell into thought.

"Sure, but I need someone to tell my family that I won't be coming home on time."

"Of course," Nick said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 193 193 – New Timetable
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

A couple minutes later, Marvila entered the Containment Unit.

Nick told her everything he knew about the Fog and also told her how to behave.

As soon as she stepped through the employee entrance, she stopped moving.

Right now, the Fog was being pushed away by the forcefield, and as soon as it deactivated, Marvila would be enveloped by the Fog again.

However, when it was time for her to leave, as long as she didn't move from her spot, the forcefield should be able to pull her out again.

Then, it would mean that Nick didn't even need to get involved.

A moment later, the door closed, and Marvila was enveloped.

Outside, Nick grabbed one of the clerks and told them to stay in the locker room.

If they heard any kind of screams or commotion coming from the console, they had to send someone to get Nick.

After that, Nick left Dark Dream, grabbed something to eat, trained, and slept.

Early the next morning, Nick entered Dark Dream again.

In one hour, he had to get Marvila.

For the next hour, Nick dealt with his daily chores.

Finally, it was time to get Marvila.

Nick walked to the locker room and opened the employee door.

The Fog was pushed away and…

Marvila was gone.

Nick furrowed his brows. 'Did she move?'

Nick cracked his neck and readied himself.

BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!

Nick kept attacking his front and moving forward, making sure that he wasn't hitting Marvila on accident.

For over a minute, Nick kept punching through the Fog, but he just couldn't find Marvila.

By now, Nick became worried.

Dunk!

Suddenly, Nick nearly tripped over something.

The thing on the ground quickly retreated in fright, and Nick realized that it was Marvila.

She had probably just slept, and Nick had woken her up.

"Marvila? Are you there?" Nick shouted.

No reaction.

'Is she not hearing me?' Nick thought. 'Or is she hearing me, but the Fog keeps isolating her from me?'

Nevertheless, Nick continued punching and kicking, and a couple of minutes later, he felt her again.

This time, she didn't retreat.

Nick grabbed her and asked her if everything was okay.

No answer.

'She probably can't hear me. Even our voices are probably isolated.'

Nick moved Marvila's hands to his belt, and she grabbed it.

Then, Nick turned around and moved forward while unleashing kicks and punches.

The hands were losing their grip whenever Nick turned into fog, making them desperately move forward in a panic.

But after a while, they seemed to get used to Nick appearing and disappearing from their grasp.

Several minutes later, Nick hit one of the walls and did the same thing as when he had exited the Containment Unit the first time.

Eventually, the forcefield activated, and Nick pulled Marvila out of the Containment Unit.

When Nick saw her, he could tell that she was quite spooked, but that was the only thing of concern.

She didn't seem unhealthy or injured otherwise.

"Everything alright?" Nick asked.

Marvila breathed heavily but nodded. "Yeah, that was terrifying! I thought you were a second Specter or something earlier!"

"Sorry," Nick said. "Anyway, what did you experience in there?"

"Well, nothing, really," Marvila said. "As soon as the Fog surrounded me, I just sat on the ground and leaned against the wall behind me."

"I was thinking about random things and getting tired. At some point, I fell asleep, and I woke back up when you touched me."

"I got startled and moved away, but I quickly realized that this was probably you, and well, you know the rest," she said.

Nick furrowed his brows. "So, you didn't move?"

"No," Marvila said, shaking her head. "I didn't move a single step until you touched me."

Nick scratched his chin. "Strange because I didn't find you near the entrance. I had to look for you for several minutes."

Marvila's eyes widened in shock and horror. "What?" she asked.

Nick just nodded. "It seems like the Fog can move people without them noticing. Additionally, I don't move slowly at all through the Fog. I can get from one end of the Containment Unit to the other in barely ten seconds."

"Yet, it took me minutes to find you."

Marvila didn't seem happy at all right now.

Eventually, the two of them left the locker room, and Nick checked the Zephyx.

"48 grams of Zephyx," Nick said.

Marvila's eyes widened in shock.

48 grams?!

When she worked with the Puppy, she barely produced seven grams after eight hours!

This was like an entire week of her salary in just one day of work!

"That means the power of the Extractor is relevant to how much Zephyx the Fog produces," Nick muttered to himself.

"Thanks, you can go home now," Nick told Marvila.

"Oh, okay," she said. "Do I get to work with the Fog again?"

"Not sure," Nick said. "I have to talk with Wyntor and Jenny about this."

The two of them said goodbye to each other, and Nick went to Wyntor's office after calling Jenny over.

Then, the three of them talked about everything Nick knew about the Fog.

In the end, they created a new timetable for the employees.

Since the Fog produced the most Zephyx, the Johns were assigned to it, which meant that Jenny and Trevor would stay inside it for 24 hours each, followed by two rest days.

Of course, Jenny wouldn't get two days off fully. She wouldn't need to work with the Dreamer for the next two days, but she still needed to be available in case one of her Extractors needed her for something.

After some talking, they also decided on something else.

They scrapped the plan of making Trevor a spy.

They needed a second team leader, and Trevor was the best candidate by far.

So, Trevor was promoted to team leader position.

When Jenny was with the Fog, Trevor would be the team leader, and when Trevor was inside, Jenny would be.

Of course, they also needed a third employee who was working with the Fog, and in the end, they decided on Jonathan.

Jonathan was the closest to becoming the next John.

Naturally, the duty of getting the employees out of the Fog was added to Nick's daily list.

So, Jenny, Trevor, and Jonathan worked with the Fog.

The Dreamer would be worked with by Marvila, Larry, and Constanze, the three people they had gotten from Ghosty's Lab.

The Lover would be worked with by Kiara.

The Screaming Coffin, the Dung Heap, and the Bleeding Lady were for Nick.

And the Puppy?

That one would be left for the three new people Nick would be hiring very soon.

The Puppy was, by far, the least dangerous and easiest to work with out of the group of relatively normal Specters, which made it perfect for new Extractors.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 194 194 – Promotion
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Good news, Boss said that he needs three more Extractors, and he's planning on getting them from our team," a middle-aged man with black hair said to a team of ten people in front of him.

The others all looked at each other in surprise and excitement.

Finally, they had a chance to become Extractors!

This opportunity was one of the biggest reasons for accepting this job.

This was the Investigator team of Dark Dream.

Naturally, as people who had already worked for Dark Dream and who had already come into contact with Specters, the Investigators were very often the favorite candidates for new Zephyx Extractor positions.

In essence, becoming a Zephyx Extractor was a big promotion.

The Investigators already earned around 5,000 credits per month, which was quite a lot for the Outer City, but becoming an Extractor often meant a tenfold increase in pay at minimum.

Of course, the increase in power and status was even more valuable.

As the Investigators looked around, they became more excited.

Only ten of their people had been called into the meeting.

In total, there were around 30 Investigators.

So, did this mean that Boss would only look through the ten of them?

If so, that would be amazing!

"Will he choose one of us?" one of the men asked the leader in front of him.

"Yes, one of you," the leader said with a laugh. "I already sent him all the files, and he said that everyone present is considered for the position."

The ten of them grew more excited.

All of them wanted to become Extractors.

And three of them would achieve their dream today!

Sadly, or luckily, depending on the viewpoint, the team leader and his two substitutes were not considered for the position, but that had been clear from the very beginning.

In order to stop the team leaders from abusing their power and making them seem better for promotion, Wyntor and Nick had only hired rejected Zephyx Extractors for the team leader position.

This meant that the team leaders already had gained an ability from a Specter, but the ability wasn't good enough to become a Zephyx Extractor.

But on the other hand, they were paid 9,000 credits instead of 5,000.

Such a large number of credits made them part of the richest 5% of the Outer City.

"When will we know who is chosen?" one of them asked.

"By the end of today," the leader said with a smile.

This made the Investigators even more excited, and they started to talk to each other animatedly.

"How will he choose them?" another one asked.

"Well…"

At that moment, the door to the room opened, and a tall and extremely muscular person walked in.

The Investigators all quieted down.

Boss was here!

Nick looked at all the gathered people with furrowed brows.

Silence.

"Aman, come to meeting room two," Nick said before leaving the room again.

Everyone looked at one of the Investigators.

Aman, the Investigator who had just been called, took a deep breath and left.

Everyone else started to talk with each other.

They were all talking about what kind of questions Boss would ask them and how to best answer them to be chosen.

Should they say that they are brave and strong to show their confidence, or would that make them appear arrogant and difficult to manage?

Should they lie about which Specters they had come into contact with to make them seem more experienced?

Should they praise Boss to get into his good graces, or would that disgust him?

Should they say they were outgoing and liked talking to others to make them seem like they fit well into a team, or would that make them appear lazy and easily distracted?

The Investigators had worked with Nick several times before, but they didn't really talk a lot.

Nick mostly talked to the team leaders, and the team leaders relayed his orders to the team.

At most, they had made a small bit of small talk.

Nick always seemed friendly and genuine, but was he really like that with his team?

What if he was a tyrant who wanted total discipline from his team?

After about ten minutes, the person that Nick had called came back.

He seemed neutral, and the people couldn't tell if he had done well or badly.

"Cryon, you're next," he said to someone. "He's waiting in meeting room two."

Cryon took a deep breath, nodded, and left the room.

By now, the people could tell that Nick was calling them in alphabetical order.

Cryon walked across the corridor and entered meeting room two.

His heart was beating loudly in his chest, and he had already started to sweat out of anxiety.

"Good morning, Cryon," the muscular and intimidating man said with a friendly tone and smile. "Please, take a seat."

"Good morning, Boss," Cryon said as he sat down.

Silence.

"Now, how are you with Specters?" Boss asked with his deep voice.

Cryon became even more nervous.

This was such an open question!

How was he supposed to answer that?!

"I…" Cryon started.

The intimidating man didn't say anything and just waited.

Cryon almost felt like he was sitting in front of a Specter.

This was the Chief Zephyx Extractor of Dark Dream!

All in all, Dark Dream had over 50 employees, and the Chief Zephyx Extractor basically decided who got hired and fired among the Investigators and Extractors.

And they were talking about Cryon's future!

If he messed up, he wouldn't only not get his promotion but might even get fired!

Cryon felt like his heart was beating in his head with untold intensity.

There was only silence in the room for 20 full seconds.

"I don't know," Cryon eventually said with a nervous and awkward smile. "Except for the Puppy, I never met one."

Nick wrote something down on a sheet of paper.

"And what about the Puppy? How did you handle it?"

Cryon's mind froze again.

He had no idea how to answer that question.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 195 195 – Crushing the Puppy
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"You already met the Puppy, right?" Trevor asked.

Cryon nodded. "Yes, I had it in my arms for a couple of hours across a couple of days," he said.

Right now, Cryon and Trevor were standing in front of the locker room leading to the Puppy's Containment Unit.

Surprisingly, Cryon got the promotion.

He thought he had done horribly since he froze several times during the interview.

He would have never expected that he would have been chosen.

Yet, funnily enough, everyone else had felt the same way.

All of them had been frozen solid during their talk with Nick, and some of them had even needed Nick to prod them to continue talking.

In the end, Nick told the three lucky ones that he had used a bit of Zephyx during their talks, which made all of them nervous and scared.

After thousands of years, humans had evolved to become scared when Zephyx was around them.

Zephyx meant that there was a Specter, and humans that didn't immediately flee from a Specter had a higher likelihood of dying.

Together with the power imbalance between Nick and the Investigators, this achieved a result similar to sitting in front of a Specter.

So, the fact that Cryon managed to answer the question after 20 seconds of silence was definitely not bad.

"Good, so you know what to expect," Trevor said. "However, things will be a bit different this time."

"How so?" Cryon asked.

"Because we want to see the ability that the Puppy can give new Extractors," Trevor explained. "As you know, humans gain abilities by being in contact with Specters."

Cryon nodded.

"Yet, even though all of you held the Puppy for multiple hours, none of you have gained its ability."

Cryon blinked a couple of times.

Right!

That was strange!

Why hadn't he thought of that?

"This means that the normal way of working with it most likely won't cut it," Trevor said. "We haven't tested it yet, but we presume that you need to get it to cry out and injure you if you want its ability. At least, that's what Boss believes."

Cryon took a deep breath.

When he had signed his new contract, he had already read that he would gain the Puppy's ability, but he hadn't thought much about it.

"What happens when it cries?" Cryon asked nervously.

"You've seen Boss when we caught the Puppy," Trevor said. "You know what happens."

Cyron gulped.

He had seen Nick being in intense pain back then.

If someone as strong and intimidating as Boss was already in so much pain, how would he feel?!

"Don't worry," Trevor said with a smile. "I'll be right beside you."

Yet, Cryon was still scared.

But for his future, he wouldn't retreat now.

"I know it's a lot for your first day," Trevor said, "but at least you don't have it as bad as Kerry."

"Why? What's with Kerry?" Cryon asked.

Trevor sighed. "She's going to get the Lover's ability."

"Is that bad?" Cryon asked.

"The ability? I don't know. The process of getting it? Yes, very much so," Trevor explained.

Cryon just gulped again.

"Let's get right in, shall we?" Trevor said with a smile.

Then, the two of them walked into the Containment Unit while Trevor explained how the Containment Units worked.

Right now, nobody was working with the Puppy since all the more experienced Extractors were busy with the Fog and the Dreamer.

As soon as they entered, the Puppy excitedly ran up to them.

It seemed very happy.

Trevor picked it up and held it in his arms for a bit.

The Puppy couldn't understand human speech, which was why Trevor didn't even explain what was about to happen before he handed it to Cryon.

Cryon held the Puppy awkwardly and looked at it.

It was so difficult to associate this cute little doggy with a terrifying Specter.

It was just so cute and helpless!

"Crush it."

"Huh?" Cryon asked as he looked at Trevor.

"Crush it," Trevor said. "It's a Specter. If you want it to cry, you have to attack it. If you're worried about it, don't be. It's a Peak Hatchling. You couldn't crush it even if you stood on its head."

Cryon still looked at Trevor in complete confusion.

Then, he looked at the Puppy.

Crush it?

This little and cute thing?

A dark void appeared in Cryon's chest.

He felt like he was asked to do something impossible and unforgivable.

"H-how?" Cryon asked.

"Punch it, try to crush its head, tightly hug it, I don't know," Trevor said. "Even though it is a Specter, it acts like a puppy. So, even though you can't injure it, it will still act like it's getting injured when you try."

Cryon's heart rate increased as he looked at the cute Puppy with nervousness and fear.

He didn't want to crush it!

It was so cute!

"Crush it!" Trevor shouted.

Cryon looked around nervously.

"Do it!"

Cryon's hands shook.

"Crush it!"

Then, Cryon tightly hugged the Puppy, and the Puppy started to yelp in discomfort.

At that point, Cryon noticed how resilient and tough the Puppy's body actually was, and his emotions finally accepted that this was a Specter, not an innocent puppy.

So, he used all his power to hug it tightly.

The Puppy started to whimper and screech in terror and pain.

"Aaaahhh!"

Cryon also started to scream in pain as he felt like his insides were being torn apart.

However, Cryon didn't let go, and the two of them continued to scream in pain.

"That's enough!" Trevor shouted as he yanked the Puppy out of Cryon's arms.

The Puppy continued to cry, and Trevor just threw it to the side.

Immediately, the Puppy retreated towards a corner and looked with fear at Trevor and Cryon.

It looked so scared and vulnerable.

Cryon's entire body shook.

And then, he puked vomit mixed with blood.

Trevor took out a small vial of green liquid and dropped one drop into Cryon's mouth.

"This will keep you alive, but it will still take a while for you to recover. Boss said that the injuries can't be healed by Recovery Liquid."

"You get the next two days off."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 196 196 – Abilities
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Cryon left Dark Dream in shock, pain, and horror.

And for the next two days, he felt like he was going through hell.

He was no longer bleeding or anything, but he felt like all his organs were inflamed.

Eating, drinking, breathing, and sleeping was painful.

He would have immediately run to the hospital if Trevor hadn't said that there was nothing they could do.

Cryon just needed to hold out, and he would recover with time.

Over the next couple of days, his family took care of him.

Luckily, the love of his family made things easier.

But on the second day, an incident occurred.

Cryon was recovering in bed when his sister accidentally pressed too hard on his stomach, which made him cry out in pain.

At the same time, Cryon's sister also cried out in pain as she retreated in panic, constantly looking at her hand in horror.

After a quick argument between the two, they finally realized what had just happened.

When Cryon's sister had touched him, she had felt like her hand was submerged in acid.

However, that was the only time it had happened.

All the other times, things had been fine.

The two of them experimented a bit, and they finally found out what was going on.

When Cryon cried or screamed, his body became "dangerous".

Anyone who touched him while he was screaming would feel like they had touched acid.

When the two days of relaxation were over, Cryon talked to his team leader, Trevor, about his ability.

A bit later, Nick arrived and asked Cryon to use his ability on him, which he did.

Cryon felt quite embarrassed shouting this loudly in front of others, but he did so anyway.

After a while, Nick confirmed that it felt identical to the pain he had been in when they had captured the Puppy.

This meant that, most likely, Cryon was tearing Zephyx out of whoever was touching him, which made it feel like his body consisted of acid to others.

They experimented a bit more, and they found an additional aspect.

The Zephyx that was torn out from the other person was absorbed by Cryon.

Cryon was using Zephyx to use his ability, but he also recovered Zephyx by using it.

This meant that Cryon could keep damaging his opponent as long as they touched and as long as his vocal cords didn't give out.

The only bad part was that the damage accumulated very slowly.

It would probably take Cryon almost ten seconds of constant physical contact and screaming to severely injure someone at the same level as him.

In the end, they noted the ability down and told Cryon to keep it a secret.

Which Specter gave what ability was sensitive information.

Eventually, Cryon was told his schedule, and he sighed.

He had to work with the Puppy for eight hours a day.

He just hoped that the Puppy wasn't too angry at him.

Meanwhile, Nick finished the document he had created about the Specters and their abilities.

He now knew all the abilities his Specters gave to new Extractors.

The Dreamer gave someone the ability to make them sleepy and read their dreams.

The Bleeding Lady gave someone the ability to put an additional cutting effect on their attacks and weapons.

The Dung Heap gave someone the ability to release poisonous gas in a big area.

The Screaming Coffin gave no abilities.

The Puppy gave someone the ability to tear Zephyx out of anyone who touched them, but one had to scream to activate it.

The Lover had an interesting but also straightforward ability.

It made others horny.

That was it.

There were a couple of uses for it.

It could be used to subtly make someone believe that they were attracted to the person with the ability. After all, if someone constantly got horny while looking at the same person, they would think that they were attracted to them.

This would be a good ability for spying on others and gaining information.

However, it could also be used in a fight.

When one was horny, one's blood was gathered in one's nether regions, which meant that there was less for the brain. Additionally, the enemy would be quite confused.

In the case of men, it could even act as a small hindrance to movement, based on the size of their thing.

It would also embarrass them, making them more likely to make mistakes born out of emotion.

However, if the one with the ability lost, their death might become quite a bit worse since the enemy might be motivated to relieve their lust.

Lastly, the Fog gave one the ability to launch clouds of fog, which they could see through.

Of course, only the person with the ability could see through the fog.

Everyone else would be blinded by it.

This had no direct offensive power, but the ability made it easier to escape and confuse the enemy.

Nick was especially interested in the ability.

If he had someone with him who could launch fog, Nick could fight with much more power since his ability would be active for longer.

Sadly, even though Nick's ability had been augmented by the Fog, he still couldn't see through the fog that had been launched by someone who had the ability.

Nick would have to see how things developed in the future.

There were quite a couple of ability combinations that seemed useful.

During the next couple of days, the three new Extractors, Cryon, Kerry, and Taren, got familiar with their new jobs and settled down.

All three of them belonged to Trevor's team.

Excluding Nick, Dark Dream had ten Extractors.

Jenny led the advanced team, which consisted of Jonathan and the three people from Ghosty's Lab: Constanze, Marvila, and Larry.

Trevor led the Newbie team, consisting of Cryon, Kerry, and Taren.

Kiara was also part of Trevor's team since she was working with the Lover and since Kerry had the Lover's ability.

And with that, Dark Dream could finally work with all of their Specters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 197 197 – The Layers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"Hey, Wyntor," Nick said as he entered Wyntor's office for his daily meeting.

Every day, Nick and Wyntor would have a quick meeting in the afternoon to talk about things.

"Hey," Wyntor answered as Nick sat down. "Got anything noteworthy?"

"Not really," Nick said. "Just a bit of drama with the Puppy."

"Oh? What's it about?" Wyntor asked.

"Kerry didn't want to leave when she was supposed to, and Trevor had to get involved," Nick answered.

Wyntor nodded. "Keep me posted on this. I don't want any Extractors falling victim to the Puppy."

"Of course," Nick answered.

"Is that it?" Wyntor asked.

"Yep, that's everything."

Wyntor nodded. "Then, let me tell you about something interesting."

"Oh?" Nick uttered.

"We got invited to the yearly meeting of Manufacturers," Wyntor said.

Nick's eyes widened. "There's a yearly meeting? I don't remember one happening last year."

"Because we didn't get invited," Wyntor explained. "We were just a bunch of Newbies with some weak Specters."

"Ever since we captured the Fog, things changed."

"A Manufacturer that can catch and contain a Force Specter is a Manufacturer that has proven themselves."

"Because of that, the other Manufacturers treat us as a new Manufacturer, although weak and inexperienced."

"Makes sense," Nick said. "When's the meeting?"

"Late morning in three days. It's on the middle layer of the Inner City," Wyntor said.

"Inner City, huh," Nick repeated. "I've never been there."

"It's nothing too special," Wyntor said. "The lower layer is just like the Outer City but cleaner, and the middle layer is hard to navigate, but that's the only special thing about it."

"What about the upper layer?" Nick asked.

"Difficult to explain," Wyntor said. "Why don't you just see for yourself in the future?"

Nick scratched the back of his head. "How do I get there?"

"That's going to take a while," Wyntor said with a chuckle. "There are two ways to move up in the Inner City: power and wealth."

"If you want to live on the lower layer of the Inner City, you need to either be a level two Extractor or have a net worth of over a million credits."

Nick's eyes widened in surprise.

He knew that he could live in the Inner City as a John, but he hadn't heard about the wealth requirement.

"Of course, you only need one of the two," Wyntor said. "By the way, if you are living in the Inner City, you are allowed to live there with your parents, your partner, and your children. You are not allowed to bring your siblings, uncles, and so on."

"At least, that's how it works for Zephyx Extractors," Wyntor said.

"It's different for rich people?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "Every additional person that lives with you in the Inner City, assuming you live there due to your net worth, requires another million of net worth."

"So, if you want to live in the Inner City with your wife and two children, you would have to have a net worth of over four million credits."

Nick took a deep breath.

"Why?" he asked.

Wyntor chuckled a bit. "The people living in the Inner City believe themselves to be vastly superior to everyone living in the Outer City, and they don't like upstarts from the filthy Outer City to join their illustrious circles."

Wyntor's voice was quite sarcastic.

"If you manage to get rich enough to join the Inner City, they can tolerate you, but they don't want people that are worthless. Of course, most of the people thinking like that are living in the Inner City only because someone else pays for them," Wyntor said with a chuckle.

Nick didn't like what he was hearing.

That sounded like a lot of hypocrisy.

"Why doesn't that apply to Zephyx Extractors?" he asked.

"Can't you tell?" Wyntor asked.

Nick just blinked a couple of times.

"Because Zephyx Extractors are scary and bring security."

"With their power, they can protect the people living in the Inner City from Specters and threats, but they are also scary when you try to go against them."

"None of the normal but rich people in the Inner City want to antagonize someone that can tear them into two pieces like they're a piece of paper."

Nick furrowed his brows and nodded.

That made sense.

"What about the middle layer?" he asked.

"Level three Extractor or ten million credits," Wyntor said.

Nick took a deep breath.

Ten million credits was insane.

"Naturally, the same policy applies here as well. If you want to live with your family in the middle layer, you better be even richer," Wyntor said with a chuckle.

"Why is it so expensive?" Nick asked. "The amount of money required is ridiculous!"

"Space," Wyntor answered.

"Space?" Nick repeated.

Wyntor nodded. "Over 60% of the Inner City consists of the lower layer, and only 30% of the city consist of the middle layer. Additionally, the middle layer is not on the ground, and the residences are also far bigger."

"At most, a thousand people can fit onto the middle layer."

Nick's eyes widened in shock.

"Wait, only a thousand?" he asked.

Nick had seen the huge structure that was the Inner City almost every day.

It was around five kilometers wide and three kilometers tall.

Tens of thousands of people should fit in there!

Yet, the middle layer could only hold about a thousand?!

And that was 30% of the city?!

"Only a thousand," Wyntor repeated. "Due to the requirements, only about 800 spots are filled, and that's how they want it. It's better to have more space than less."

"Then, what about the upper layer?" Nick asked.

"It has spots for about 300 people," Wyntor said, "and all those spots are filled. If someone new joins, someone old has to descend to the middle layer."

"The poorest and the weakest are not allowed to live there."

"Officially, you need to either be a level four Extractor or have a net worth of over a hundred million credits, but practically, you need to belong to the stronger 20% of level four Extractors or have over 500 million credits."

"Also, you don't get to take your entire family with you."

"You only get your significant other and up to two children."

"If you want more, you better be vastly more powerful than the average of the upper layer."

Nick had difficulties accepting what he was hearing.

"What about your family?" he asked.

"We are ten people. My mother and father, their mothers and fathers, and me and my three siblings."

"Oh, and our head butler and two head security guards. Everyone else has to travel to the upper layer for work."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 198 198 – Horrifying World
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

"So many people?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded. "We used to have our servants also live in the upper layer, but father decided to give up these ten spaces after seeing how much trouble one of his Zephyx Extractors had to find a spot."

Nick knew that the Melfions were insanely influential, but once more, he had been shocked by their power.

Wyntor's father was so rich and powerful that he had dedicated over a billion credits just so that his servants didn't have to travel so far to work.

Such a mindset was unimaginable for Nick.

Nick still felt nervous whenever he spent over a thousand credits on anything.

Wyntor and Nick talked for a while longer and planned out everything for the meeting in three days.

The next two days, Nick prepared for his trip.

And then, it was time to go.

At about eight a.m., Nick and Wyntor walked out of Dark Dream and traveled towards the huge structure in the middle of the city.

The gigantic pyramid-like structure had become so normal for Nick, but today, it seemed more imposing and impressive than on other days.

Nick had never been in there.

Today would be his first time going into the Inner City.

As the two of them approached the huge structure, Nick saw several guards.

Four of them were standing by the entrance, and over ten more were stationed on different buildings around the entrance.

Naturally, these people were the force of the city, the Extractors that the Manufacturers had to dedicate to the city.

None of the guards reacted as the two of them approached.

A moment later, Wyntor took out an emblem and just held it up.

Nick became nervous and just kept walking.

And then…

Nothing.

Nobody was stopping them.

The doors opened, and the two of them had just walked in.

"There's a scanner," Wyntor said.

"A scanner?" Nick asked.

"There are scanners in the entrance that scan us. They saw my emblem and your uniform and let us through. The guards only react when the scanners tell them something's wrong."

"Oh," Nick uttered before looking forward.

The doors had already opened, and Nick saw…

Another door.

The next moment, the door behind them closed, and Wyntor stopped walking.

WRRRRRRR!

Then, a loud sound came out of the walls, and blue liquid started to rain on them.

"Cleansing Liquid?" Nick asked in shock.

Wyntor nodded.

The hall they were in was around ten meters long and four meters wide, and yet, all of it was being doused in Cleansing Liquid!

That was insane!

Some seconds later, the Cleansing Liquid stopped appearing and was siphoned into the ground.

Then, Nick felt several strong gusts of wind.

A minute later, the wind stopped, and the sound coming from the walls also quietened.

Nick's nose moved a bit as he smelled something he had never smelled before.

What was this smell?

It was so… strange.

But also comforting?

Wyntor noticed Nick's reaction.

"It's plants and trees," he said.

Nick's eyes widened. "That's how trees smell?"

Wyntor nodded.

Nick had heard of trees, but he had never seen one in his life.

The image of trees Nick had in his mind was unpleasant and terrifying.

Huge hard and brown pillars that rose from the ground and were also alive?!

That sounded like some Specter or some kind of monster from a horror story.

And outside the city, they were apparently everywhere!

Wasn't that like some kind of army of huge teeth from some huge monster?!

Also, since they were alive, they might even move!

Nick just imagined a huge pillar of metal bending and moving to look closer at him.

Additionally, since when did plants smell so nice?

The plants that grew on the metallic walls of buildings didn't smell nice at all!

The next moment, the big door in front of them opened, and Nick could finally see the Inner City.

Green!

There was so much green!

It was like everything was covered with veggie cubes!

The streets were made of stone, which was formed into many identical shapes instead of metal.

It looked so fancy and beautiful but also unsafe.

Nick craved the strength and certainty of steel.

Stones didn't seem safe.

However, only parts of the street were covered in stone.

The others were made of… ground?

A couple of parts in the Dregs and the Outer City are made of actual ground, but that ground was hard and resistant, while this ground looked green.

But then, Nick noticed that the ground wasn't actually green.

It was just that the ground was covered in many little green hairs that swayed gently in an artificial breeze.

Nick was immediately reminded of the hairy mold he once ate off a wall when he was younger.

Was this mold?

Why would anyone cover the ground in mold?!

That's disgusting!

However, a moment later, Nick saw something even stranger.

It was a big brown pillar that had a big "umbrella" of green growths.

The growths were moving in the wind, and Nick started to feel nervous.

Was that a tree?!

And were these weird green things the leaves Nick had heard about?!

Yet, before Nick could say anything, he noticed something else.

Water!

So much water!

There was some kind of long and wide stream of water!

It was over five meters wide and very deep, and the water constantly moved in one direction.

That was when Nick realized how rich everyone in here was.

So much clean water!

Just being here!

Without being used!

This was insane!

Wyntor looked at Nick with an amused expression as Nick just kept looking around in horror.

It was like Nick had entered some kind of horrifying and alien world!

"You'll get used to it," Wyntor said.

"What?" Nick asked as he looked at Wyntor.

"Come," Wyntor said, gesturing with his head towards one of the grassy fields.

Nick awkwardly followed Wyntor.

Wyntor stepped onto the grass and sat down with a smile.

Then, he gestured to the grass beside him.

"Come, touch it."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 199 199 – Lower Layer
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked at Wyntor and the grass with apprehension.

He really didn't want to touch it since it looked so unnatural.

Having little green living things growing from the ground sounded like some kind of nightmare somebody thought up.

However, Nick trusted Wyntor, and he eventually walked forward with apprehension.

He carefully touched the green things on the ground.

"It's soft?" Nick said with uncertainty.

That made it even worse!

It was like little hairs were growing out of the ground.

Nick felt like touching the grass was similar to petting some kind of huge and dangerous monster.

"Just sit down," Wyntor said with some annoyance.

Nick took a deep breath and eventually walked over to Wyntor.

And then, he carefully sat down.

"See? It's not that hard," Wyntor said with a smile.

Nick looked extremely uncomfortable.

He didn't like this sensation one bit.

Humans weren't supposed to touch grass.

They were supposed to be surrounded by metal and ground.

While Nick sat on the grass, he kept a lookout for the tree that was a couple of meters behind him.

He didn't feel safe with a tree so close to him.

What if the tree bent down and attacked him?

It was alive, after all.

For a while, Nick just looked at the lower layer of the Inner City.

He had been so overwhelmed with the grass, trees, and the river that he hadn't even looked at the people.

Nick saw several people with children sitting in different locations in the Inner City.

Almost all of them were dressed very nicely, and laughter filled the air.

It was so strange.

The people sounded… happy.

This was what Nick had always dreamed of.

A world where humans could be happy.

And it actually existed in the Inner City.

'But it's actually not that surprising,' he thought. 'After all, all of these people have a crazy amount of money. They can afford to be happy compared to the people in the Outer City.'

The people in the Outer City seemed more neutral.

They didn't seem happy but also not miserable.

They saw the Inner City and knew that they could do better, but they also saw the Dregs and knew that they could do worse.

Meanwhile, the people in the Dregs were miserable.

Laughter was rarely heard in the Dregs, and everyone looked like they were fighting for their lives.

Pressure and anxiety were constant companions in the Dregs.

And here?

People looked so peaceful.

Many people even sat on the grass while eating a couple of sandwiches, their kids playing in the grass just a bit of distance away from them.

It looked like a paradise.

It was like there was no danger.

It seemed like they felt safe.

After a while, Nick looked at the houses.

They were made of stone instead of metal.

Additionally, all the houses had windows made of actual glass on them.

These houses looked so very different from the houses in the Outer City.

Even more, almost all the houses had a little yard with grass on it.

After that, Nick noticed that every house had at least one weird contraption in front of it.

It was some kind of thing with two wheels and some pedals.

Nick looked around a bit, and he could finally find one of these contraptions in action.

Apparently, people pushed on the pedals, and the wheels moved forward, transporting the person on their back with quite some speed and ease.

'How are they not losing their balance?' Nick thought in wonder.

Then, Nick noticed the next thing.

It was bright everywhere.

It was almost like Nick was outside, even though he was inside a huge structure.

That was when Nick noticed that the glass windows of the huge structure were shining with gentle sunlight.

It was like the rays of the sun were reflected off the panes of glass and dispersed across the city.

Then, Nick noticed that the houses didn't have the light holes that every house in the Outer City had.

Instead, there were just a couple of tiny windows spread across the house.

The tiny windows captured the sunlight and moved it along a small shaft of mirrors that kept reflecting the light and distributing it across all the rooms.

All the rooms in the houses had a good amount of light spread throughout.

That was when Nick noticed that almost all the people were almost pale white.

In the Outer City and the Dregs, people were lightly browned due to the constant sunlight, but here, the people were almost pale.

'It's probably because of the lower amount of light in the Inner City,' Nick thought.

There was still light everywhere, but it was more subdued and gentler.

This made the people of the Inner City seem different from the people of the Outer City.

It was almost like they were of a different species.

It was such a different world.

Different people, different roads, different ground, different houses, different light…

It was so strange.

The people even acted differently.

Most of them acted like Nick didn't exist. After all, Zephyx Extractors were common in the Inner City.

However, the few who took note of Nick showed a gentle smile and nodded in greeting, which Nick returned awkwardly.

In the Outer City, everyone made way for Nick while seeming a bit scared and in awe.

Here, it was like Nick was just another person.

Suddenly, Nick felt something poke his shoulder, and he turned to Wyntor.

Wyntor just gestured up, and Nick looked up.

That was when Nick's eyes widened in shock.

Was this the middle layer of the Inner City?!

In the lower layer of the Inner City were several huge and gigantic pillars.

Some of them were even over a hundred meters wide!

These pillars stretched upwards into what seemed to be infinity.

And these pillars seemed to be the very foundation upon which the middle layer of the Inner City worked!

At least from what Nick could see.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 200 200 – Capsule
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Over a kilometer above Nick was a complex, chaotic, but beautiful array of structures.

The huge pillars were surrounded by a couple of metallic plates, which Nick couldn't see through.

He guessed that these were platforms where the people of the middle layer lived.

Surprisingly, almost 80% of the "sky" was blocked by these metallic platforms.

In a way, Nick was reminded of when he had been swimming in the sewers and looking up at the ceiling.

It was very similar here.

One of the most important differences, though, was the fact that the "light streets" in the sewers were solid while the "streets" in the middle layer were actually empty spaces.

Well, not completely empty.

Nick saw rails going along the streets.

Every street had at least one rail going through it.

It was like the sky was made of huge circles and a mesh of thin lines surrounding the big circles.

Nick wanted to know what the rails were there for, and he looked around until he found his answer.

Capsules?

Nick saw a capsule moving along the rails.

While it was moving, it was swaying back and forth a bit, which filled Nick with a bit of anxiety.

There was a human in there, right?

Didn't they feel unsafe with the constant swaying of the capsule?

From what Nick could tell, the capsules were not very big.

At most, they were three meters long and only about a meter wide.

Nick watched as the capsule moved upward along a rail until it was hidden behind one of the huge circles of metal.

"Is that the middle layer?" Nick asked.

"It is," Wyntor answered. "The big metallic platforms are where the people live, and the rails are for the vehicles."

"What are these vehicles?" Nick asked.

Wyntor smirked. "You'll get to see one real soon since we'll need one to get to the middle layer. Without them, we can't get there."

Nick just looked around the lower layer again.

Earlier, Nick had been excited about going to the middle layer, but now, he didn't want to anymore.

What if he fell down?!

What if one of these rails collapsed?!

Nick would be falling for an entire kilometer!

He would die!

"Come, we need to get going," Wyntor said as he stood up.

Nick's heart rate increased, and he took a deep breath.

Then, he nervously stood up and followed after Wyntor.

After walking along the river for a while, Nick saw something that shocked him.

There were long moving things in the water!

Was that an animal?!

"What is that?!" Nick asked in shock, pointing at the thing in the water.

"Oh, that's a trout," Wyntor answered.

"A trout?" Nick asked.

"A fish," Wyntor elaborated.

Nick blinked a couple of times. "Is that an animal?"

Wyntor nodded. "It tastes pretty good. We can eat one after the meeting if you want."

Nick just looked with wonder at the trout.

How would something like that taste?

Would it be as good as chicken or mosquito larvae?

The two of them walked through the lower layer, and Nick kept looking at every two-wheeled contraption that drove by him.

"It's a bicycle," Wyntor said. "Or bike, for short. The people of the old world used them to move around in their cities."

"A bicycle," Nick repeated absentmindedly.

After a couple of minutes, the two of them closed in on some kind of building with several rails coming out of it that seemed to go towards the sky.

Nick saw one of the capsules exiting the building on the rails and driving towards the sky until it reached the middle layer.

Was this how people traveled from the lower layer to the middle layer?

The two of them walked over to the building, and Nick saw two guards casually chatting in front of the entrance.

Compared to the guard presence between the border of the Inner City and Outer City, this was barely anything.

Outside, there were many guards standing near the entrance, but here, there were just two who seemed quite relaxed.

Wyntor walked up to one of the guards while Nick followed him.

"Ah, Mr. Melfion," one of the guards said with a polite smile. "Going back home?"

"Not today," Wyntor answered with a smile. "We're here for the yearly meeting."

The eyebrows of the two guards raised in surprise. "Oh wow, you got an invite? Congratulations!"

Wyntor nodded with a smile. "Thank you."

"May I view the ticket?" one of the guards asked.

"Of course," Wyntor said as he took out a small piece of paper, which he handed over to the guards.

Naturally, Wyntor was allowed to go wherever he wanted, but Nick wasn't.

Because of that, an invite had been sent to Wyntor so that his Chief Zephyx Extractor could enter the middle layer.

That was the first time something like this had happened.

Chief Zephyx Extractors tended to be a bit stronger than Nick.

They didn't need invites to get to the middle layer.

In fact, they could all also go to the upper layer, except for the one from the Spartans, who was only a Peak Veteran.

The two guards looked at the ticket, nodded, and gave it back to Wyntor.

"You can pass," one of them said.

"Thanks," Wyntor said as he walked past them.

Nick followed behind Wyntor without saying anything.

The two guards were looking at Nick with strange expressions.

The guards didn't know what to feel about calling someone this weak a Chief Zephyx Extractor.

An Initial John was about to meet the most powerful people in the city.

This was so strange.

Wyntor and Nick entered the building, and Nick immediately saw several capsules hanging from a couple of rails.

Wyntor walked over to one of the capsules and opened them.

Now, Nick could finally see the inside.

He immediately recognized the pedals since he had just seen them on the bicycles.

"This is a mode of transportation from the ancient world," Wyntor said. "Only very, very few have been found, which means that they have belonged to the most illustrious people."

"We are pretty sure that they used to be status symbols."

"Because of that, Crimson Fungus City uses them to move around. Additionally, they are great at moving vertically."

"You simply lie in it, put your feet onto the pedals, and move the pedal. It's very simple."

"According to documents we have recovered, these are called Shweebs, and only the richest and most powerful people used them."

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 201 201 – Many Layers
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick looked with wonder at the Shweeb.

The most powerful people in the past used to drive around in those?

Wyntor explained in detail how to operate the Shweeb, and Nick listened intently.

Eventually, Wyntor got into one and closed the door, and moments later, the Shweeb began to move forward.

Nick had already entered the Shweeb behind Wyntor's Shweeb and nervously moved his legs forward.

The pedal moved forward without any resistance, and in a panic that he might have broken something, Nick pedaled faster.

The Shweeb shot forward and quickly hit Wyntor's Shweeb.

Nick's heart nearly stopped.

Was Wyntor okay?!

How expensive were these Shweebs?!

Did he break them?!

However, Wyntor's Shweeb only shook from side to side a bit and continued moving forward as if nothing had happened.

When Nick saw that, he released a sigh of relief.

Luckily, these Shweebs seemed to be made of rather durable material.

Slowly, Nick went back to pedaling, and after a while, he entered a steady rhythm.

He was following behind Wyntor with a steady pace.

The sides of the Shweeb were made of some kind of material that Nick could see through but wasn't glass, and Nick could see himself climbing higher and higher.

Very soon, Nick reached a height that he had never been to before.

It was terrifying!

If the Shweeb broke, he would die!

The higher they climbed, the more anxious Nick became.

People were not supposed to live in the sky!

They were supposed to live on the ground, surrounded by metal.

A bit later, Nick saw an intersection coming up and became even more nervous.

Wyntor told him how to navigate the intersection, and Nick only hoped that he wouldn't make a mistake.

Nick put his hand on a lever to his right and moved it back.

Some seconds later, Wyntor's Shweeb moved towards the rail on the right, and Nick only hoped that he hadn't committed a mistake.

Luckily, his Shweeb also went to the rail on the right, relieving Nick.

Working with any of the Specters was less stressful and scary than driving this damn thing!

After some time, Nick and Wyntor went past the first layer of huge metallic circles.

And now, Nick could finally see the actual middle layer.

Houses!

Directly beside the gigantic pillars were huge houses made of brick!

The houses were absolutely gigantic!

Additionally, while the circles were metallic from the bottom, Nick couldn't see any metal while looking at them from the top.

The only things he could see were grass, trees, ponds, and pools.

One of these huge circles had a couple of mansions surrounding the gigantic pillar in the middle, and the outer parts of the circle were filled with greenery and water.

Every mansion also had a rail leading out of it.

That was probably where the Shweebs of the rich people were stored.

Nick saw many children running around a little forest on one of the platforms, and he even saw them climbing the trees.

It was so alien and strange.

DUNK!

Nick's Shweeb shook, and his heart nearly stopped.

He had been so distracted that he hadn't noticed that he had gained speed, which resulted in him hitting Wyntor's Shweeb again.

Wyntor's Shweeb was pushed forward a bit, but it easily entered another rail and continued on.

Nick felt insanely nervous again.

What if he killed Wyntor?!

For a while, Nick only paid attention to the Shweeb in front of him until he got distracted again.

Nick looked upwards, and he noticed something amazing.

A blue sky!

About 80% of the area above Nick was made of blue sky, while the remaining 20% were just the rails for the Shweebs again.

Obviously, the "blue sky" was just the image reflected by the underside of the next layer of platforms, which was strange.

After all, the lowest layer of platforms didn't create this image of a blue sky.

But then, Nick got distracted by something else.

He saw people running on top of the rails!

Nick's heart almost stopped when he saw how fast the people were running.

Naturally, all of these people wore Extractor Uniforms, and since only Veterans and stronger could live here, they were all also quite powerful.

All of them were running at crazy speeds across the rails, and some of them were even jumping from platform to platform.

Yet, none of them fell.

They all seemed to move with confidence and ease at speeds that Nick couldn't even reach with his ability active.

It was almost like they were shooting through the sky.

Nick even saw one daredevil leaping from an upper layer of circles to a lower one, even though there were over a hundred meters between them!

DUNK!

Nick hit Wyntor's Shweeb again, and he took a deep breath.

Luckily, nothing happened.

The two of them continued driving, and after a while, they went up another layer.

That was when Nick noticed something.

Now, the "blue sky" above them covered over 99%.

This meant that the next layer had no streets.

After some minutes, Nick followed Wyntor onto that layer via a rail that went along the side of the huge structure.

As soon as they went past the layer, Nick's eyes widened.

Enormous!

There was an absolutely gigantic building, over 200 meters wide and long!

Nick immediately took note of the huge symbol adorning the front of the building.

It was a ball with a scratch.

It was Gemini's symbol!

Gemini was a Zephyx Manufacturer with three Experts, level four Extractors.

This was where Gemini was located!

That was when Nick took note of an even bigger building in the distance.

Gemini actually only occupied 20% of the layer.

The other 80% were occupied by the other building, and that building had the silhouette of a ghost on it.

Ghosty's Lab!

DUNK!

Nick hit Wyntor's Shweeb again, but by now, he had gotten used to it.

Nick kept looking at the two huge buildings, but before he had his fill, they vanished as Nick and Wyntor entered a new layer.

This time, there was only a single building.

It covered the entire layer and was over a hundred meters high!

It was ridiculously big!

Nick saw the symbol of a puppet on the front, which represented Anatomy, the second biggest Manufacturer.

However, Wyntor's Shweeb kept going upwards.

Nick knew where they would end up next.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 202 202 – Handshake
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Wyntor kept ascending towards the next layer, and Nick knew exactly where they were going to end up.

As soon as they passed by the layer, Nick was greeted with… an entrance?

The two were now in a station for Shweebs.

Surprisingly, there wasn't a lot to see.

The station was only about a hundred meters long, and about 20 meters away from the rails was a normal entrance.

It seemed just like any other entrance to a warehouse, just bigger.

That was it.

Nick was a bit disappointed that he couldn't view the entire building of Kugelblitz.

'I guess the entire building is incorporated into the megastructure,' Nick thought. 'That's why I can only see an entrance.'

Nick looked away from the platform and saw that the rail continued upward.

That was probably where the upper layer started.

As Wyntor's Shweeb reached the end of the station, he slowly came to a stop.

Shockingly, Nick didn't bump into Wyntor's Shweeb.

The next moment, Wyntor's Shweeb opened, and he stepped out with practiced ease.

That was when Nick noticed a man walking up to Wyntor's Shweeb with a polite smile.

Wyntor nodded and walked past.

The man nodded back and entered Wyntor's Shweeb.

The man drove the Shweeb into an adjacent rail, which led to a huge gate with many small rails coming out.

A small part of the gate opened, and the man drove Wyntor's Shweeb into it.

'Is that where they store all the Shweebs?' Nick thought.

Dunk! Dunk!

Wyntor knocked on Nick's Shweeb and gestured for him to come out.

Nick nervously opened the door and tried his best to get out naturally.

Sadly, he just wasn't used to driving something like this, and his exit could be called awkward at best.

"Bumpy ride, huh?" Wyntor commented.

"Sorry! I'm so sorry!" Nick said with an almost panicked expression.

"It's fine," Wyntor said with a small chuckle. "I was expecting something like this. If I didn't have faith in the Shweeb's resilience, I wouldn't have let you drive behind me."

Nick still felt embarrassed, but he just answered with a nod.

"Excuse me."

Nick looked over and saw a man walking up to Nick with a polite smile.

"Yes?" Nick asked.

"I need your name," the man said.

"Eh, Nick."

The man nodded. "And your last name?"

Nick blinked a bit. "I don't have a last name."

The man also blinked in confusion, not knowing how to deal with this.

"He really doesn't have one," Wyntor said from the side. "He's my Chief Zephyx Extractor. Just book him as that."

"Of course, Mr. Melfion," the man said as he walked past him.

He also performed a polite bow in front of Nick, who just nodded back.

By now, Nick had gotten a bit used to people acting like this in front of him.

After all, he was a Chief Zephyx Extractor, and Dark Dream had plenty of clerks who acted exactly like this.

The man entered Nick's Shweeb and drove it through the big gate as well.

A moment later, Nick and Wyntor walked over to the entrance of Kugelblitz.

There were two women standing at either side of the entrance, and surprisingly, they both wore the uniforms of the city forces.

One would expect that Kugelblitz would have their own guards, but apparently not.

The city was guarding the entrance.

Yet, when Nick saw their emblems, his eyes widened in shock.

Those were Experts, level four Extractors!

They were as powerful as Julian and Albert!

Yet, they only stood in front of Kugelblitz's entrance!

"Mary, Winona, it's your turn?" Wyntor said with a smirk.

"Ha ha," the one to the right said with a sarcastic tone. "Laugh it up, Wyntor."

"Don't mind if I do," Wyntor said with a chuckle.

The woman to the left echoed Wyntor's chuckle, which made the woman to the right throw a side eye at her.

"We're here for the yearly meeting," Wyntor said after a bit.

"Oh, right. That's today," the one to the left said. "No one else has arrived yet. You're a bit early."

"I want to show Nick around a bit," Wyntor said, gesturing to Nick, who was diagonally behind Wyntor.

The two women looked directly at Nick with interested expressions, which made Nick feel a bit awkward.

"That's him, huh?" the one on the right commented.

"Sure is," Wyntor said.

Then, he pulled Nick forward and gestured to the right one. "That's Winona."

"And that's Mary," he said, gesturing to the left one.

"Eh, hi, nice to meet you," Nick said, extending his right arm for a handshake.

The two women looked at the outstretched hand and blinked in surprise.

But after a second, Mary stretched her own hand forward with a smile and shook it. "Nice to meet you!"

Winona furrowed her brows, but she also shook Nick's hand.

This was so bizarre to them.

A handshake is usually a form of greeting between two relatively equal parties.

The fact that they were shaking hands with an Initial John was very strange.

After all, they were Experts.

They were thousands of times stronger than normal humans.

They could jump a distance of over an entire kilometer without a running start.

If they put their minds to it, they could probably jump from one end of the Dregs to the other.

And yet, this Initial John was on a similar level to them.

Sure, just based on Nick's power, his status was barely higher than a normal clerk's, but the position of Chief Zephyx Extractor was extremely prestigious.

For example, the Chief Zephyx Extractor of the Spartans, who was just a Veteran, had a slightly higher status than just a normal Expert, even though their strength couldn't compare.

Technically, Nick's status was comparable to a normal Expert's.

Yet, it still felt so weird to them.

But on the other hand, it also improved their perception of Nick.

After all, Nick was bold enough to initiate a handshake with Experts.

When someone initiated a handshake, it meant that they were either on a similar level as the other person or higher.

An employee never offered their hand to their boss.

Their boss always offered their hand first.

Initiating a handshake meant either lowering oneself to speak at eye level with the other person or being at a similar level by default.

The fact that Nick offered his hand showed a lot of courage and boldness.

'Why did they look at me like that?' Nick thought. 'Isn't that how people in the Inner City greet each other?'

Nick had no idea.

He just thought that everyone greeted each other like this.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 203 203 – Floors
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

When Wyntor saw Nick shaking hands with Mary and Winona, he felt gratified.

He knew exactly what was going on in Nick's mind, but that didn't matter.

The fact that his Chief Zephyx Extractor initiated a handshake with two Experts was something to be proud of.

Not everyone had such guts.

"Mary, Winona, it was nice seeing you again," Wyntor said politely.

"Oh, of course," Winona said like she had just remembered something.

Then, she moved her hand behind her back and punched a button on the wall, which opened the entrance of Kugelblitz.

"Thank you," Wyntor said with a smile before nodding at Mary and entering.

Nick just nodded at the two of them as he walked by them, and they casually nodded back.

After Nick entered, the door behind him closed.

He was inside Kugelblitz, the biggest and most powerful Zephyx Manufacturer in Crimson Fungus City.

The owner of the only captured Demon, the Crimson Fungus.

A level six Specter!

And yet, everything around Nick looked so normal.

He had just entered a normal-sized corridor.

Sure, the corridor was quite long, but that was about it.

The only thing of note was that the corridor was completely empty.

It almost looked like the building was abandoned.

"Winona and Mary are working for Kugelblitz," Wyntor suddenly said.

"Huh?" Nick uttered as he looked at Wyntor.

"Just like any other Manufacturer, Kugelblitz also has to dedicate 20% of all Zephyx Extractors to the city. But as the strongest Manufacturer, Kugelblitz also has great influence over the city's politics."

"Because of that, they managed to implement a policy that two of their Experts who were dedicated to the city's forces would get to stand guard in front of Kugelblitz."

"Naturally, using two Experts for something as mundane as that is a huge waste, but handing them over to the city is already a waste."

"Might as well use 2% of their capabilities instead of 0%."

At that moment, Wyntor smirked. "Of course, nobody wants this job because it's so boring."

Nick had thought that Kugelblitz had to be insanely powerful since they were using Experts as mere guards, but now he realized that he had been mistaken.

Sure, Kugelblitz was still the most powerful Zephyx Manufacturer in the city, but they were not so crazy powerful that they would voluntarily use Experts as guards.

'But the initial impression I got is probably exactly why they are doing it,' Nick thought.

A moment later, Nick released a breath. "I got scared for a moment," he said in a half-joking tone.

Wyntor just chuckled a bit as he led Nick down the hallway.

"We're currently on the administrative floor," Wyntor said, gesturing to the doors in the hallway.

Nick looked at the doors and saw signs beside each one of them.

1.12, Herbert Pelekies, Janitor, Stefan Mean, Janitor.

1.14,?Julia Rander, Janitor, Melinda Bauer, Janitor.

"A lot of janitors," Nick said.

"It's a big building," Wyntor answered.

Nick kept looking at the signs beside the doors.

Technician, technician, janitor, data entry, data entry, technician, janitor, assistant, assistant, transporter, transporter…

There were so many people here!

And all of them were normal people!

After walking for a while, the two of them entered a larger hallway with doors only on one side.

Surprisingly, the doors didn't have any signs beside them.

"This is where we can get from floor to floor," Wyntor said. "Wanna see something interesting?"

Nick just nodded wordlessly.

Wyntor walked over to one of the doors and pressed one of the many buttons beside it.

DING!

Nick heard a sound, and the door opened.

What was behind the door?

An empty shaft.

Nick went to the edge of the shaft and looked up.

When he looked up, he felt some vertigo.

It was so long!

It was like the shaft extended into infinity!

At the same time, Nick saw that one of the doors two floors higher was open.

"This is a quick shaft for Extractors," Wyntor said before pulling Nick back.

BANG!

The door closed with a lot of power in front of Nick.

"You say which floor you want to go to," Wyntor said as he gestured to the pad with the many buttons, "and you simply jump from wall to wall until you get there."

"Of course, only Extractors can use it."

Nick looked with wonder at the closed door.

This was such a great idea!

He was already jumping from floor to floor in Dark Dream's building, but having such a shaft would make it even easier.

"But we're not going to use that," Wyntor said. "I'm not strong enough to use it."

Wyntor walked over to a different door and opened it.

And Nick was greeted with something very familiar.

Stairs.

Lots and lots of stairs.

"Let's go. We got a lot of stairs to climb," Wyntor said.

Nick followed behind Wyntor as they took the stairs.

When they reached the second floor, Wyntor gestured to the door. "That floor is for more regular employees."

On the third floor. "That floor is for the offices and break rooms for Extractors."

On the fourth floor. "Same thing again."

On the fifth floor. "And again."

"So many offices?" Nick asked.

Wyntor nodded as they kept climbing the stairs. "The offices are quite big, and they are spread over three floors to bring more security. If a Specter wants to escape, it needs to get through three floors of Extractors."

Nick nodded. "Makes sense."

On the sixth floor. "Training floor," Wyntor said. "It's for the few level one and level two Extractors Kugelblitz has. There are a couple of weak Specters and classrooms here."

On the seventh floor. "Adult Specters," Wyntor said.

Nick took a deep breath.

Dark Dream didn't even have a single Adult Specter.

Nick hadn't even seen one.

"More Adult Specters," "Wyntor said on the eighth floor.

"More Adult Specters."

"And even more Adult Specters."

Nick blinked in surprise. "Kugelblitz has so many Adult Specters?"

Wyntor laughed. "No, Kugelblitz just spreads all their Specters over a big area."

"When you have so many different Specters, you have to consider that some of the Specters' powers can influence Specters in adjacent Containment Units. That could result in mutations or the Specters communicating with each other."

"It's important to keep Specters with a very high affinity or very low affinity away from each other."

Nick nodded in understanding.

A couple of floors with Elders followed, level four Specters.

There were probably over ten floors filled with them.

After that, five floors with Fanatics followed.

Level five Specters.

And then, nothing.

There was no door on the next floor.

The same with the following floor.

And finally, there was a door.

"This one is for the Crimson Fungus," Wyntor said. "The Crimson Fungus is quite big, which is why it takes up several floors."

Nick took a deep breath as he looked at the door.

The Crimson Fungus.

The most powerful Specter inside the city, except for the occasional visit of Nurse Alice.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 204 204 – Specialist
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Nick and Wyntor kept climbing floors.

The next couple of floors were for Extractors again.

Then, there were two more floors for normal personnel.

And finally, Wyntor stopped in front of one of them.

"This one is for meetings, managers, and owners," Wyntor said. "There are only two more floors above this one, and they are only for maintenance. This floor is essentially the last one of relevance."

Nick nodded.

The two of them had been climbing so many floors.

This building was absolutely gigantic!

Wyntor opened the door, and the two of them entered the hallway.

This hallway looked identical to the first one, which surprised Nick a bit.

Wasn't this where all the important people from the company stayed?

'I thought it would look more extravagant,' Nick thought.

As the two of them walked through the hallway, Nick looked at the signs again.

Meeting room, another meeting room, another meeting room, storage, meeting room…

Area manager.

"What's an area manager?" Nick asked.

"A level five Extractor responsible for several level four Extractors, which are responsible for several level three Extractors," Wyntor explained.

"There are five area managers. Two of them are responsible for all the level three Extractors via ten level four Extractors. The other three are responsible for only the level four Extractors."

"The remaining level five Extractors don't have any personnel responsibility and directly work with the level five Specters."

As he listened to Wyntor, Nick looked at the door with wonder.

A level five Extractor!

He had never seen one in his life!

This was someone who was even stronger than Albert, Julian, and the two women at Kugelblitz's entrance!

Next, Nick saw the office of another level five Extractor.

The sign said Specialist, which was the unofficial title.

Since this was not an area manager, this level five Extractor was working with Fanatics.

How scary were Fanatics?

Nick had no idea.

Clink.

Nick heard the sound of a closing door and looked forward.

A young man with blue hair closed one of the doors and walked down the hallway towards the two of them.

Nick took a deep breath.

A real Specialist!

There were less than 30 of those in the entirety of the city, and over two-thirds of them worked for Kugelblitz!

The man raised an eyebrow when he saw the two of them.

"Oh, Wyntor," the man said casually. "Here to see your dad?"

Wyntor smiled politely. "Yes, how have things been?"

"The usual, the bitch is being a bitch again," the man said.

Wyntor laughed loudly and politely.

Nick looked at Wyntor.

He had never seen Wyntor act this way before.

Wyntor always had a very polite but confident Aura around him.

But now, Wyntor looked like a child who tried their best to be polite to a visitor.

He was so different.

"And who is that?" the man asked, looking at Nick.

"That's my Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick," Wyntor answered politely.

"Oh, eh, hi," Nick said.

Then, Nick's hand moved forward.

SLAP!

And Wyntor immediately slapped it down before it could even attempt to extend towards the Specialist.

Nick blinked in shock.

The Specialist saw all that, and his eyebrows rose.

If Wyntor hadn't gone through years of training about how to properly conduct himself, he would have turned completely red in the face.

'That's what I get for not telling Nick,' he thought.

"Oh, I see," the Specialist said with an amused chuckle. "You're from the Outer City, right?"

"Ah, yes, sir," Nick said carefully.

Nick had no idea how he should address the person in front of him.

"You might not know, but don't offer your hand to any Expert or stronger. They might get offended by that," the Specialist explained.

Nick's eyes widened in shock. "Why?" he asked.

"I'm sure Wyntor will explain it to you," the Specialist said before turning to Wyntor. "Anyway, have fun."

"Of course, thank you, and good luck!" Wyntor said.

"Thank you and good luck," Nick echoed Wyntor.

The Specialist just waved a bit as he walked down the hallway.

A moment later, Nick looked with confusion at Wyntor, who only sighed.

As they continued walking down the hallway, Wyntor explained the thing about handshakes.

"So, when I offered my hand to the two women earlier, I was telling them that I considered myself to be on their level?" Nick asked in shock.

"Yes, but that's not incorrect. As a Chief Zephyx Extractor, it's not inappropriate to put yourself on the same level as an Expert. I didn't tell you since I wanted you to assert yourself in front of such powerful people," Wyntor explained.

Nick furrowed his brows. "You don't think that I would do that if you had told me?"

"I'm not sure," Wyntor said. "Nick, can we talk about this later? This is not exactly the right moment for this discussion."

Nick took a deep breath but nodded.

Wyntor was right.

This could wait.

They continued walking in silence, but while they were doing so, Nick remembered a couple of things.

'Right, Dark Dream is only a means to an end for Wyntor.'

'Wyntor started Dark Dream only to get enough money to buy enough shares of Kugelblitz to get his inheritance.'

'I think he needed about 20 million credits.'

'And if he sold Dark Dream to another Manufacturer, he could probably get that.'

'Maybe even more.'

Nick looked at Wyntor from behind.

'Is he going to sell Dark Dream soon?'

Then, Nick thought back to his interaction with Wyntor.

Several times, Wyntor had deliberately kept information from Nick to achieve some kind of goal.

This could be considered as manipulating him.

Wyntor also kept himself away from all the employees most of the time.

Did Wyntor actually truly care about Dark Dream?

Nick wasn't sure anymore.

The day before, he would have said yes, but now, he didn't know.

Some seconds later, Wyntor stopped in front of an office.

Nick looked at the sign beside the door and took a deep breath.

Vernon Melfion, Senior Director.

Then, Wyntor knocked on the door.