

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 0 - Prologue
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia

By: Covering the Sky

Translated by: Eseul

Edited by: Lili

It was a hot summer day when she turned 12 years old. Lucia’s world turned upside down. Everything spiraled down when her mother passed away and she had to enter the royal palace.

‘Was I dreaming? Or am I still dreaming...?’

Lucia sat on her bed mumbling while trapped in a trance. She just had a very long dream. It felt like she had returned to the past, or maybe it was a precognitive dream. Inside the dream, she experienced her future life. It wasn’t a peaceful life. Most of the days were stained with suffering and tears. But there were times she had felt happy and joyful. She had lived on hanging onto a tiny sliver of hope.

‘Mother....’

She had had no idea. Her mother was of noble blood. While she had still been alive, she had never let out a single peep about it at all. When Lucia was 25 years old inside the dream, she had bumped into her mother’s brother and came to know the truth.

Her mother, Amanda, was the youngest daughter of the Baden Earldom. The Baden nobles had once been influential margraves (count of a border territory). However, currently they were only nobles in name, overlooking not even a single plot of land. The will of the Baden nobles ran deep, but their name had more or less been forgotten by the majority of the population, and it was unknown how long they could keep hold of their nobility.

Amanda had run away at night after taking a single pendant, that had been passed down from generation to generation inside the empty rooms of the old-fashioned house at the border lands.

Lucia’s uncle had bitterly stated that they should have gone out to capture Amanda at the time she had made her escape. He never imagined that it would be the last time he would ever see her. She had been a foolish youth when she had run away, and it had been foolish to think she would return. A month later, they had attempted to track her down, but it had already been too late.

Her uncle had had no way of finding her mother. She had run to the capital and that had made it close to impossible. Even Lucia didn’t fully remember how they had lived through the hard times in the capital.

However, although Amanda had been unmarried, she had given birth to a genuine king’s daughter. One could only assume the truth of the situation. When Lucia was born, the truth should have been revealed to the royal family, but Amanda had chosen to do what nobody else would have done. She had hidden her noble bloodline and had lived as a commoner together with Lucia.

Lucia’s mother was an aristocrat, the daughter of the noble Baden family. More than that, Lucia was related to the king by blood. Lucia had never known the truth and had spent her childhood thinking of Amanda as a commoner.

Her mother had been beautiful, the townspeople had all been nice, and she had always played together with the other kids by the river and the forest. It seemed like only yesterday, but it was a distant memory now, and she could do nothing else but cry. Her happiest moments belonged to those early days.

All the suffering had come out of the blue. Amanda had fallen ill due to an epidemic that had swept throughout the city. In Lucia’s memories, her mother had been a petite and skinny woman, different from the strong commoner women of the city.

She had grown up in a noble family and had never experienced any harsh days. Raising Lucia as a single mom had been taking a toll on her body, until she had turned into a sickly mess.

Her mother had seemed to know that she would die soon. A few days before her mother’s death, Lucia had passed a message in her stead. It had probably been a letter meant to be delivered to the royal palace.

Lucia understood her mother’s decision. She had done the best she could up until her last breath. The life of an orphaned girl could only spiral down into the depths of hell. If Lucia had never entered the palace, she would have had to become a prostitute and sell her body for the rest of her life.

A few days after Amanda had passed away, a guard had brought Lucia to the royal palace. The royal family owned a magical device that could confirm anyone’s ancestry. It was the royal family’s treasure, but occasionally other nobles would come and use the device as well.

Even if illegitimate children flooded over, conflicts over blood relations would not occur due to this magical treasure.

The King had confirmed his daughter’s face through the device and had bestowed a name upon her. That had been the first and last time she ever met her ‘father’.

“Vivian Hesse.”

That was Lucia’s new name. Nobody had bothered to ask about her original name. Everything had been decided one-sidedly. She had lost her mother, had been forcefully dragged to the royal palace, and had been generously provided with a run-down palace detached from everyone.

After crying all night, she woke up early in the morning and realized that everything changed – her own self and her surroundings. She sat down hugging her knees and thought about her future.

Just because she had become a princess overnight, nothing in her life had actually changed for the better. The unrestrained king had spread his seeds all over the place. The news of a new prince, or even a princess, were not enough to become the hot topic of the palace rumors.

Lucia was the 16th princess. She had figured that out after a long time of residing in the palace. She had calculated the total amount of children who had gained the approval of the King, and had figured out she was the 16th princess. She had an obscure background and was born after a one night stand with the king. Additionally, she was a royal princess who had grown up among commoners.

‘Even if I know my future..........’

Lucia sighed heavily. She only came to know how her future would unfold. Her future started in the border lands and ended here until its bitter conclusion. As it was, she had gained nothing useful from the dream. She had no means to mingle with the upper aristocracy, so even if she knew her future, it was futile.

After Lucia had entered the royal palace, her life had not been special at all. She had lived a quiet life without worries of starving to death. No one had cared to show any interest in her, but due to that, no one had come to bully her, either. Each day had been the same as all the others. When Lucia had reached 19 years old, her life had changed once again.

The year Lucia had turned 19, Lucia’s birth father, the nation’s King Hesse the 8th, had passed away. She had only met him once, so when she had heard the news, she had felt nothing for his death. She had believed his death would not affect her life in any way. However, the succeeding king, Hesse the 9th, had drawn up a new budget for the royal palace. He had decided to clean up the consequences of the past king’s uninhibited life. Hesse the 9th had started a project to send all of his half brothers and sisters out of the palace.

When Lucia had turned 20, only 6 princesses of the past king had remained in the palace. Lucia had no relatives. She had spent her life hiding inside the detached palace with no relations to the outside world at all. There was nobody who would volunteer to take her under their care. There wasn’t even a profit to be gained by marrying her off to others.

Hesse the 9th had auctioned off Lucia, who was nothing but a dead weight to the royal palace. Lucia had been 20 years old when she was auctioned off to the person who had offered the highest dowry.

Count Matin, Lucia’s new husband, was 20 years older than her and had two divorces in his past. He had three sons with the eldest one the same age as Lucia. The five years together with the count had been the most horrible period for her. Economically, Lucia had been doing much better than her time in the detached palace, but she had gotten destroyed mentally. The count was an old, fat, disabled pervert. He had fulfilled all his sexual desires through Lucia.

‘I don’t want to!!’

Lucia’s body trembled. She never wanted to experience that again. Rather, she didn’t want to experience the future. Even if she had to die, she didn’t want to marry that bastard again.

‘I must change my future. I will change my future no matter what!!’

The future she saw in her dream was already changing. Originally, Lucia had shown symptoms of autism the first few months in the royal palace. Her mother’s death, the identity of her father, and being chased away to a place without an ounce of affection; all these things had been too much for a young girl to handle.

There had been no one to care for Lucia, who had blocked herself from the outside world. In the beginning, physicians had dropped by a few times and palace maids had visited to make sure she didn’t starve to death.

The extremely disinterested surroundings had worked as a catalyst for Lucia. She had been able to gradually regain her clarity little by little on her own. But this time, things were different. Lucia didn’t experience any symptoms of autism. She had no grand dream of changing her life around. She only had one wish – she simply wanted the freedom to live the way she liked.

‘I can do this. I can change it.’

She didn’t know how to do it. As a 12 year old princess with no connections, there was nothing she could do. But she didn’t despair.

‘I still have a lot of time.’

However, time continued to pass coldly. Before she knew it, Lucia had turned 18.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

translated: eseul

edited: lili

Lucia hated opening her eyes every morning

‘Ah...this damn migraine. Why must I go through the same pain twice in a lifetime?’

Lucia held her aching head and got up. Her life followed the exact path of her dream. Once she started menstruating at age 15, she began suffering from massive migraines at least once a month and at most about three to four times a month. Though it wasn’t serious, it would turn out to be a chronic illness tormenting her for the rest of her life.

By the time Lucia turned 18 years old, she truly believed she had seen her own future in her dream. She had put in a lot of effort. Many things about her future had changed already.

But sometimes, the future was inevitable and nothing could be done to change it. For example, in the summer when she was 13 years old, there had been a heavy downpour of rain, which had flooded the whole first floor of the royal palace. The following winter, a cold spell due to the flood had caused a shortage of firewood. She had spent the entire winter shivering with cold.

When she turned 15, she began menstruating and suffering migraines. Such was the power the future held. Even knowing what would happen next, it wasn’t possible to change it.

When she turned 19, the King would die. Lucia would be sold to the piggish Count Matin. That was part of the future Lucia couldn’t change. As she realized this, she fell in despair. What was the point of knowing the future? It felt like the heavens were pulling her leg, turning everything into a big joke.

She confined herself in her room in hopelessness, but she let it all go only a few days later . ‘Even if I starve myself to death here, nobody will know.’ It was like a breath of fresh air, she no longer felt the heavy burden of sorrow weighing on her heart.

Lucia opened her windows. The cold morning air flooded into the room. She leaned against the window sill and let the icy wind blast against her entire body. It was as if she was facing against her own cold destiny.

She was now tall enough to place her hands against the window sill and lean out to look at the outside world. She took after her mother, so she had a small body frame. Her hair was reddish brown much like the rest of the population, but she had pumpkin orange eyes that glittered like gold and stood out from the rest. Other than that, she looked like any other person one could find on the street.

Even so, it wasn’t like she didn’t have any appeal. She had a pale but glowing complexion, so dressing up a bit let her display her charm. Usually, her allure remained dormant. She never needed a corset due to her thin waist. Her frail frame could incite most men’s protective instinct. However, she didn’t belong to the upper aristocracy, thus none of her charms could be appreciated.

“Let’s see. I’m out of firewood and I’m running low on potatoes and eggs.”

She was currently standing besides her creaky old wooden table, taking inventory of her life necessities. She had carelessly tied her long hair into a ponytail, and her plain poplin dress looked almost identical to the royal palace’s maid uniform. In her current state, nobody would think she was a princess.

“I should go request for the necessary goods today.”

It was improper for Princess Lucia to do this herself, but it had become natural after a few years. There wasn’t a single official maid residing in her palace at the moment. Thankfully, the place wasn’t that big, so it wasn’t too much trouble. The top floor of the palace had been blocked off for safety reasons ever since she had first arrived here. Currently, part of the first floor was also closed off. The only living spaces she could use were her bedroom and a few other rooms.

At first, she had five maids waiting on her. But they were crude and could not be considered palace maids at all.

The royal maids had their own pride. The servants who attended to the esteemed nobles were all called ‘maids’, but there were different ranks among them.

A royal palace maid looked over the chores and miscellaneous tasks completed by the labor maids. Officially, Lucia, who was part of the royal family, had to have a housekeeper, royal palace maids, labor maids, and three attendants.

The problem was that there were too many royal descendants. The main problem being Lucia was ranked the lowest of the low among her brothers and sisters. No matter how hard the maids worked, there was no hope for any promotions and there was nobody who would go out of their way to volunteer for the position. There was no way for the servants to receive additional pocket money, so all the maids avoided her. As the years passed, the maids retired one by one and soon Lucia didn’t have a single one remaining by her side.

Originally, once a maid retired, a new maid should have been hired. However, her palace had no hopes of good earnings, so any royal palace maid or labor maid would steer clear of this place. Royal palace maids received enough salary for their daily life. However, it was difficult for labor maids to survive on just their wages.

The maids hired to serve Lucia would quit after a few days or bribe high officials to be reassigned to a different place. Soon, maids stopped coming into the palace once and for all. The servants’ names were recorded into the registry and received their wages, but they never showed up to do their jobs.

If Lucia formally registered a complaint, things would have been resolved. Although she had no power, she was still considered a princess. Inside the dream, she had personally gone to the maids and fixed the problem. This time as well, she had decided to go find the maids and straighten out the problem. However on the way there, she had bumped into a royal palace maid who had mistaken her for a labor maid and had assigned a simple chore to her.

A bright idea had popped into Lucia’s mind and she had fulfilled the task without complaint. She had decided not to file the complaint, and had returned home to organize her thoughts instead. If she pretended to be a maid long enough, she would gain the chance to go out of the royal palace.

Lucia’s last maid had left her at the age of 15, and what followed was her dual life as a princess and a maid. As a maid, she had to go request for daily necessities and do manual labor, but she had earned the freedom to leave the royal palace.

Lucia had been living alone in the palace for three years. It was probably still documented that Lucia was living together with five other maids.

No palace officials would bother to come and personally check whether the documentations were true or not. The complaints of the countless children of the king were enough to make the officials’ heads burst with pain. The officials had no time for Lucia who never expressed a word of complaint.

Lucia was returning home after she had requested for daily necessities this morning, while also receiving tips for a job well done. Whether it was the royal palace or the dirty back streets of the city, humans were all essentially the same. Money enticed people to to continue struggling forward.

There was a different door maids used to leave the palace. They were all standing in a long line waiting for their turn. The line gradually shortened until it was finally Lucia’s turn. She showed the guard her permission to leave pass. It was a pass issued by Princess Vivian. However, even if Lucia showed her face to the guard, he would not recognize her. He quickly confirmed the authenticity of the pass and nodded.

“Are you taking anything out of the palace?”

The guard had already confirmed Lucia was empty handed, but he still asked anyway.

“No.”

The guard nodded once again and let her out of the palace.

Lucia inhaled a deep breath of fresh air. She turned her head around and looked up at the giant palace walls that surrounded the place.

It was safe inside the palace walls. Outside the walls, it was hard for a young girl to safely walk around on her own.

The status of a low ranked princess worked in her favor to allow for a lot of freedom. The Lucia of her dreams had never realized that fact, but she had come to realize it now.

Still, the future made her unable to breathe. She wanted to escape that place as soon as possible.

‘It’s strange that there are so many people today.’

People were crowding the street in masses. Whenever she managed to squeeze through, the crowd of people would sweep her into another direction, making her run in circles.

After toiling through the crowd, she arrived to a small two story house, where a middle-aged woman opened the door. She had her eyebrows and eyes creased like she was mad, but that was actually her natural face.

“Welcome.”

“Hello, Ms. Phil. Is Madam Norman home?”

“She’s always home. She’s still sleeping sprawled on the floor after a long night of drinking. Hold on a second, let me go get some tea for you.”

“Thank you, Ms. Phil.”

The comforting fragrance of the tea filled the living room as Lucia sat patiently with a gentle expression, enjoying her tea. The sound of Ms. Phil clattering around drifted over from the kitchen, but this addition seemed like music to her ears. Lucia’s dream was to purchase a small house like this and enjoy her life. She would hire two people and let them do the minor chores, and she would enjoy life while peacefully drinking tea. She would do things like taking small walks or passing time while reading books. Though she didn’t know when that dream would come true.

A gentle smile could be seen on Lucia’s face. A skinny woman was clumsily stumbling down the stairs from the second floor, barely able to hold her own body up while her eyes looked glossed over in a haze. She let out a creaky voice.

“Ms. Phil, water~!”

Norman sat on the sofa across from Lucia and leaned down on the armrest. She had a thin body and a face which gave off an unfriendly atmosphere. She looked well over her 30s, but was actually very young. Norman chugged down the glass of water Ms. Phil had brought, and sighed as if she wanted to die.

“Aaah, my inside hurts.”

“You should ease up on your drinking, tsk tsk.”

Ms. Phil muttered in her unique blunt tone and returned to the kitchen. Her speech and attitude was always brusque, but Lucia knew Ms. Phil’s kindness – she was going to the kitchen to prepare some food that would quell Norman’s hangover.

“Why did you drink so much?”

“I thought I would be able to write one more line if I drank, but I couldn’t control myself. I’m sorry. In this state, I can’t properly take care of my guest. Thank you for coming all this way.”

“What do you mean by guest? It’s no trouble coming to visit you at all. Even if I didn’t have to come here, I would have gone out for a walk anyway.”

“There is something in the table drawer there. Open it, my latest book is there.”

Madam Norman was a writer; she was a famous romance author. Norman’s books were all about love, but people considered these books classy and intelligent. They were fun but educational; her books that killed two birds with one stone, had caused a sensation. Due to the many books she had released these past years, she could live comfortably without needing to earn a cent more.

When Lucia took out the book, she gasped.

“It’s finally done! I’ve been waiting for a long time.”

Lucia hurried to the last page of the book.

“You’re already ending it? Why? This series is very popular.”

“It would get boring if I add too much filler, this length is just right. My editor was on my tail, ordering me to lengthen the series by two or three more books. Hehehe.”

“It’s such a pity. I feel like it would have been alright if you followed your editor’s advice.”

“Look inside the book as well.”

Lucia flipped through the pages and found an envelope hidden within the book. Inside, there was a receipt confirming that money had been deposited. Lucia’s eyes popped out when she saw the amount of money.

“Norman, this is too much....”

“Take it. You deserve it.”

“But I’ve already received a lot of money...”

“This is a bonus since I’ve completed my novel. If you still don’t feel right, you can consider it a fee for helping me contribute ideas for my novel. The ideas for this novel mostly came from you.”

In the past, Norman was not a popular writer. She was a poor author who had trouble buying her daily meals. Her usual topic was a romance between a female commoner and a noble man. It was impossible for it to happen in reality, but people could always daydream about it.

However, what the readers wanted was not a female commoner, but an elegant noble woman. Commoners wished to experience a noble’s life through these books, while nobles didn’t bother picking up books about commoners. Even so, Norman had no way to write about a noble woman, because she didn’t have the tiniest idea about how they lived.

Norman, a commoner with no money, would have no way to take part in a social event hosted by nobles. She would either need to extensively read other people’s books, or interview maids who have served nobles before. However, she hadn’t had any money, so she couldn’t do anything.

Her books wouldn’t sell, so she couldn’t even pay her rent. Although her only talent was writing, she couldn’t see a way to break through into the novel industry. While Norman had been sitting in the empty streets of the central plaza, Lucia had appeared out of nowhere and had given her a loaf of bread. Norman believed that meeting Lucia had changed her life around.

Norman had never known, but Lucia had been keeping an eye on her for a long time. Norman hadn’t seemed like a homeless beggar, but she had looked so hungry. She had been sitting by the roadside, but never begged for food. Lucia couldn’t help but go up and talk to her.

That was how the two of them had met.

“The reason I’m here today is all because of you, Lucia.”

Lucia had taught Norman everything she knew about high society. Lucia had attended many social parties inside her dream. Her words could not compare to the simple maids who simply served the nobles by their side. Norman could set up a strong foundation to her novels through Lucia’s extensive tales of the noble women in the high society.

“It’s because Norman’s novels are amazing.”

“If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have been able to write a single sentence, so it’s all thanks to you. I can continue earning more money now.”

Lucia visited Norman once a week. They talked for a few hours and through this, Lucia had earned quite a bit of money.

Norman had paid her a hefty sum. Of course in the beginning, Lucia had to go visit her with a basket full of bread, but as soon as her books started selling, Norman had not been shy in expressing her thanks through money.

The roles had changed now. Numerous people, including widows, were coming to visit her. She had stabilized her footing. Norman could now collect as much information as she needed even without Lucia. But Norman could not become an ungrateful human being toward the person who had helped her when she most needed it.

Norman wanted to continue sponsoring Lucia and help her get married as well. They were not only connected through money. Norman regarded Lucia as her little sister.

“Thank you, Norman. My greatest luck was meeting you.”

“That’s what I want to tell you.”

Lucia’s eyes shook as she confirmed the amount of money she received. With the amount she had saved so far, she would be able to safely run away and smoothly begin a new life.

‘No. The risk and danger is too big.’

No matter how little interest she garnered from others, she was still a princess. If she were to disappear, the palace guards would be deployed to track her down. Not out of worry for Lucia, but because their prestige would be tarnished. If so, they would find out about her past with Norman. It was very likely that Norman would suffer some injustice or punishment.

There was no guarantee she would be able to escape at all. In order to successfully escape, she had to leave the capital and travel somewhere far. She was just a lone girl; nine cases out of ten she would suffer an accident of some sort. She had considered guards or escorts, but she couldn’t trust anyone. Rather, it was likely that the guards would end up stabbing her in the back and stealing all her money.

If she wanted to plan an escape, it would be safer after getting married to Count Matin. She wouldn’t be considered part of the royal palace anymore, so even if she went missing, nobody would care. She could close her eyes and suffer for just one year while looking for someone trustworthy and planning thoroughly, so that nobody would find her when she ran away.

‘But... I don’t want to, that guy...’

A chill ran down her spine just from imagining that person’s face. Was there really no way? A way to escape from him.

“Lucia, do you have a boyfriend?”

“Yea...what?”

“What are you so shocked for? I’m wondering if you have a boyfriend? If you don’t know anybody, then I can look for someone very nice and introduce him to you.”

“How old do you think I am? Aah, it’s okay.”

“You’re only 18 years old. It’s not like I’m telling you to get married. You should get to know a handful of men, so when you’re around 22, you can choose someone among them to marry. Palace maids are very popular, you know. People think they are very modest. They view them differently from women who do manual labor or farming for a living. You guys have pale skin as well. Just go with the flow and tell me. What type of men do you like? Do you like older men who are dependable? Young and cute guys? I’ll find them for you.”

“How about you? Norman why are you still single?”

Norman’s previously sparkling eyes turned bored once the topic shifted back to her.

“Well for me, I’m already too old.”

“What’s age got to do with anything? You just have no interest in it. You’re deceiving your readers. How can you not believe in love when you write romance novels?”

“Tsk, what do you mean deceive? I’m giving life to an everlasting love that does not exist in the real world. When my readers fall into my novel, they live in a dream.”

“Then why are you telling me to get married?”

“Although there is no such thing as everlasting love, I think that when two people’s hearts connect, they can become good friends for each other. Since you’re always alone, I wish you would find a friend who can be with you until the end.”

“Why am I alone? I have you, Norman. Norman, you are my friend and family.”

Norman looked at Lucia with affected eyes and opened her arms wide. Hurry and come into your older sister’s embrace. Lucia burst into laughter while Norman’s eyes shined at her.

“You smell like alcohol, so I don’t want to.”

“Eh? How can you respond that way in this heart-warming moment?”

“I’ll be going now. Norman, you should go and rest some more. You look like you will die any moment now.”

Norman had dark circles hanging below her eyes, making her look like a corpse.

“Aah, I really should return to sleep. I feel like someone is twisting my organs inside of me. If you’re not in a rush, feel free to rest a while longer and take your time going home. Anyway, there is a rush of people outside and it will be hard to get around.”

“Now that you bring it up, is it a special day today? I saw a lot of people on the way here.”

“You didn’t know? I’m always buried inside my house, but you know even less than me. All the knights are returning to parade around the city.”

“Ah...”

That was today. It was a rare chance to see the minister of state, so everyone had left their work for another day and had come out to greet the minister.

‘In my dream, I always kept myself shut inside the detached palace, so I never knew these things.’

This was one of the biggest lifestyle changes for Lucia, compared to the past. While Lucia was pretending to be a palace maid, she was able to go out into the world and explore. Thanks to that, Norman had also made a lot of money.

‘The war is over now....’

Compared to the detached palace, that was still, isolated, and without change, the outside world was very noisy. When Lucia was eight, she had experienced her first war. It had been a local war between two small countries. But as time continued to flow, the war had gradually spread, and soon the whole world had been split in two.

In the future, this war would be called the first stage of the continental war. By the time Lucia was about 11, her country – Xenon, had decided to join the war, and had become the main force of the Northeast Alliance. The next five years were the height of the war. The Northeast Alliance had gradually gotten the upper hand, and for the next two years, there had been a lull in battles. Around when she reached 18 years old, the war had ended in a ceasefire after much negotiation. In this war, Xenon was among the winning countries.

Norman, who was feeling sick, didn’t want to be near such a big crowd, while Lucia decided to take a peek on her way back to the palace. It would be a pity to miss such an event.

“Waah!”

As the charismatic knights paraded through the city, people screamed and whistled so loud, one would go deaf in the crowd. Xenon was a combat state, but the war had not taken place inside the country, therefore most of its citizens had not suffered from the war in the least.

However, the war would still weigh heavily on the citizens’ hearts. The happiness of winning the war, and the resulting freedom, had the citizens in high spirits. The uplifting atmosphere was contagious and made Lucia feel very cheerful as well.

The knights’ armors differed between families, with their designated crests inscribed on their chest and back. Certain knight troops styled grand red capes along with their armors, while other knight troops had simple and crude armor. One could judge their nobility and power from their family titles alone.

“Waaah!! Taran!!”

Screams that could not be compared to any others could be heard. Men yelled while stomping their feet, while women yelled on top of their lungs: Taran! Taran! A single knight platoon split the crowd as they made their way through the city. All the knights of this platoon had a black lion inscribed onto their armors. Commoners usually could not differentiate between the different noble family crests, but there was not a single person in Xenon who did not know of the Black Lion crest.

‘Taran....’

Lucia could see only one thing as the deafening sounds and lively atmosphere dissipated into the background. The knight leading the platoon, riding on top of a white horse and wearing pure black armor as he marched along the city. Although this knight had covered his face with a helmet, she could perfectly draw his face in her mind. She knew this man. Hugo Taran. He was not of royal blood, but still received the respect of the king. And although it was just a formality, he had the right to inherit the throne. The Duke of Taran. It was the young Duke of Taran.

The War’s Black Lion

He was armed with both discipline and strategy. The Northeast Alliance’s victory in this war was due to his fortification and domination. Xenon had engaged in the war last, but was the one to lead the negotiations that had lead to the end of the war. They had lost the least, but had gained the most. To be precise, Duke of Taran’s platoon always won, and it was the greatest foundation for the Northeast allies’ victory.

Truthfully, Lucia was not supposed to know about Duke Taran, or the Duke’s name, or of what he had done for the war. She knew of these things because of her dream.

Count Matin, whom Lucia married, was a very crafty man. No matter where Count Matin stepped into, he would always ensure an escape route for himself. Thus after the war, he was able to stick himself to the crown prince’s faction and live in luxury.

As a result, Lucia had attended many noble social parties together with her husband, or alone as his wife. She had to attend these parties like it was her job, so there were many instances when she had met the Duke of Taran. There was always a crowd of people around that man. It was as though a cackle of hyenas were fighting over a hunk of meat.

Count Matin had tried all sorts of methods to earn the Duke of Taran’s support, but he always failed. Up until that point, she hadn’t known the man very well at all. She had assumed he was just a great knight of some sort. She had only come to know him better quite a long time later.

About two years after Lucia had gotten married, the Duke of Taran got married. His marriage had caused all of high aristocracy to go into an uproar. He had married a young miss from an unknown noble family without any sort of influence. She was just a cute young female. She wasn’t pretty at all, and nobody could understand why the Duke had chosen that female as his wife. The Duke had never responded to anyone, so many rumors had flown around town.

The hottest rumor had been that the Duke of Taran was head over heels in love with the girl, but everyone was suspicious and nobody wanted to believe that was the case.

Lucia had come to know the truth a long while later. The information had come from the back doors of high aristocracy but it had a lot of credibility to it.

Like the rumors had assumed, the Duke was not in love with that young miss, nor was her noble family of rich background. The two noble families had made an agreement of some sort.

Her usefulness lay exactly in the fact that she was a noble without any influence or wealth. He’d needed a wife in name, who could not influence his dukedom. Thus, he had married that woman. The duke had remained unresponsive to the rumors, and soon the rumors became fact.

‘Of course that would be the case.’

‘Why else would the Duke of Taran marry such a woman.’

The noble women were talking with such passion, that they were close to coughing up blood. It was the only way to vent their anger for losing out on such a good deal.

‘What’s wrong with her? Aren’t you guys all the same?’

A man would look for a woman with a healthy womb to continue the family line, while the woman would look for a man with great wealth in exchange. It was a form of strategy bound by contract.

Although the process of the Duke’s marriage was different, it was more or less the same as any other noble in the land. In any case, she was still an official wife of a duke. So what if she was only a wife in name; she was still his wife. The duke had not taken any concubines, and although it was unknown whether he had any secret lovers, no rumors about such a thing had gone around. At least the Duke of Taran was not such a bastard as Count Matin.

—–

The Taran Knight Platoon had already passed while Lucia was stuck in a daze, and a different knight platoon were marching past. As Lucia watched the Taran Knight Platoon grow more and more distant, she had been gripping onto something very tightly. She looked to see what she was holding; it was Norman’s novel.

‘A contracted marriage...’

The theme of Norman’s most recent hit novel was contracted marriage. It was an idea Lucia had proposed without much thought. She must have unconsciously thought of The Duke of Taran’s marriage from her memories.

‘Contracted marriage...’

A light began swimming in Lucia’s eyes.

‘A wife in name.’

Her body shook with a sudden realization. It felt like all the blood in her body had drained, leaving only a sinking coldness behind.

‘The Duke’s wife...’

Lucia bit her lips. This plan might be the key to successfully escaping her fate.

‘Should I try?’

First, she needed to meet the Duke of Taran. But how? Just because she wanted to meet him, she wasn’t a person who could do so. Even the King himself could not order him as he pleased.

‘That’s right...a party! There is a victory celebration tonight.’

From the 3rd to 5th there would be a ball every night. The Duke should attend more than one of these balls the first night being the most probable. Getting an invitation was easier on the first night, because the party location was grand, all in order to host the celebration of the victory of war. It was a good thing she was a princess.

Her identity was more than enough to attend a ball, so there shouldn’t be any problems.

There were too many things to prepare for tonight’s party. First, she needed a dress. The time to use the money she had saved had finally arrived. She thought of all the things she needed to do and quickly moved her body forward.

“There’s...none left?”

The female employee nodded her head apologetically. Lucia fell to the floor right there. She had run to this place without stopping; it was her last hope, but it was all for naught.

There were not many dress shops that made dresses with a good enough quality to suit such a ball, yet still within her budget. Normally, the shops would stocked to the brim with dresses, but now was a special case.

It would be an extravagant ball hosted for the first time in a while. Every noble women in the capital would attend, and carriages would be lining up to get in. There were many nobles like Lucia, who didn’t have much money, so buying these affordable dresses was like going to war.

It was too foolish to think that she could buy it last minute. She should have pre-ordered one a month earlier. She would have been able to obtain some malformed or barely passable dress a week before at the latest.

‘What can I do about it, when I only thought of going to the party today?!’

“There is... That one piece...”

The female employee must have felt pity for Lucia, who looked to be in great despair.

“There is one left?”

“Erm, it’s been a few years, so the style is a bit... Well, with a bit of repair work, it will do....”

“That’s alright! I will buy it. No matter what, it’s mine!”

“No, but the dress is a bit too small.”

“It’s too small?”

“If you will be the one wearing it, it will fit. But, you’re not going to be the one wearing it, right?”

“I will!”

Lucia hurriedly replied, but then reworded her response.

“I mean, the person who will be wearing it is exactly like me. She has my exact body frame, so there is no problem.”

“Is that so? Then please come in and try on the dress. Let me see if we need any extra mending.”

The female employee dug very deeply into the storage and came out with a dress. Lucia’s expression brightened up. It was a modest and simple pastel blue dress. Although it was a style from years ago, it didn’t give off a cheap feeling.

She changed into the dress and looked in the mirror. The dress didn’t have a corset or a panier (something that goes under a dress to puff it up), so it looked like a great mess. She had her hair tied in a messy bun and her make up was a mess, so nothing matched at all. The female employee twirled around her while fiddling here and there.

“Young miss, how can you have such a skinny waist? Probably none of our corsets will fit you. It seems we have to re-adjust the hips. The length is a bit short, so...you’ll probably need to cover up with something. The lace here is ripped so we need to cut it off and stick a new piece... We have to refit the dress a bit.”

“Can I do that here?”

“Um... It seems like a lot of work, so I’m sorry. We already have a lot of other dresses waiting to be refitted.”

“If I wear this without refitting it...”

The female employee shook her head with all her strength.

“That must never happen. You’ll only make a fool out of yourself.”

They said once you climb over a mountain there would be another mountain waiting for you. Once the female employee saw Lucia’s struggling face, she offered another helping hand.

“My mother has already retired, but... She has been refitting dresses for a very long time. If you’re okay with that...”

“Of course that’s okay!”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 2

18 years old (2)

translated: eseul

edited: lili

When he took off his helmet, his black hair flowed down past his shoulders. The servants helped him remove the heavy armors from his chest, arms, and legs. He had never protected his body with so much during war. He had been marching through the streets dressed like a clown, while suffering through the endless people screaming their heads off. He had barely been able to endure marching in the perfect military formation, like the Emperor’s dog.

“Why don’t you hang some paintings here and there? It’s so barren here.”

However, that was not what was bothering him at the moment. An uninvited guest had followed him to his private quarters, being critical of everything. Although he was in the middle of changing, the other man shamelessly wandered around, engrossed in the surroundings.

“This is my bedroom.”

“Strictly speaking, this isn’t your bedroom. It’s the living room that happens to serve as a bedroom. This place is perfectly suited for a guest.”

“The guest living room is on the first floor.”

“If not today, when else would I be able to visit your home. Don’t be so stingy. I have some very nice art pieces. I shall send some over to you.”

He endured the rising anger in his heart; one would never know what he was really feeling from his outward appearance. He had an icy expression, while his red eyes looked calm and at peace.

He stoically let his servants attend to him, as they dressed him in a tailcoat suit. He was preparing for tonight’s victory ball.

He was originally going to rest, and only show up near the end of the ball. If it wasn’t for this irritating uninvited guest.

“I will only be able to go to today’s ball,” he said as he buttoned the cuff of his sleeve.

“Fine. But the party isn’t three days, but five...”

“Are you going back on your words?”

“I got it. Look, Duke. Why do you hate attending social parties? We have delicious wine, food, along with beautiful women. Why don’t you enjoy your time here?”

“I already have more than enough wine at home. I don’t have much of a hobby seeking for delicious food, either. Even without attending these parties, I already have more than enough women.”

“Look here. That’s not the only reason for these functions. Duke, you must help me out here. You gave me your word.”

“I promised I would help you when you become the next Emperor.”

“Is that so? Who do you think will be able to become the next Emperor if not me?”

Crown Prince Kwiz stood up tall and confident.

“Let us talk after you become the next Emperor.”

One never knew how the world would turn. Kwiz didn’t seem bothered by his words, but simply sighed.

“You’re more difficult to win over than a coy young lady.”

“A clingy man is never popular.”

“Mmn? Uh? Duke, was that a joke? That’s a joke, isn’t it?”

Kwiz laughed in amusement, but the other man was less than enthusiastic.

“Let us leave.”

He wanted to kick this uninvited guest from his private quarters as soon as possible.

* * *

The dress shop’s employee couldn’t help but save the day for this pitiful young miss. Lucia had to pay more than double for the dress and refitting. According to the employee, it was ‘today’s’ favorable price. She rationalized it by saying that the dress came along with a corset and panier. However, she wasn’t able to hire anyone to help with her makeup and hair.

Fortunately, Lucia knew some basic makeup and hairstyle techniques. However, if any professional beautician had seen her, they would click their tongue complaining at the miserable techniques and overall feel of her appearance.

By the time Lucia reached the banquet hall, she was tired to her bones. Her legs hurt from running all over town. Also, she had redone her makeup and hairstyle many times due to her poor skills, causing her a lot of stress.

‘All of today’s investments must not go wasted...’

Although she had attended many social functions in her dream, she was still very nervous and worried.

‘Ah... So many people. I’ll be run over by people if I’m not careful.’

The most eye-catching point of the ball were the chattering people all over the ballroom. Though nobles loved parties and balls, they had been abstaining due to the war, so they looked very cheerful and lively now. It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that all the nobles in the capital were attending today’s ball.

High-class social parties had limited invitations. Nobles didn’t socialize much with people outside of their social circle. It was nearly impossible for a low ranked noble to be able to attend the same banquet as the high ranked ones, unlike today. Therefore, any nobles looking to make connections with higher ranked nobles would be here. It was a good chance to get acquainted with other higher ranked nobles and make a name for themselves.

The chandeliers sparkled and the tables were overflowing with delicacies. The noble women were draped in fancy dresses and jewels, while men in sophisticated suits surrounded them. The music continued to softly play in the background, creating a pleasurable night experience.

She worried whether she would be able to find him among the huge crowd, but it wasn’t very difficult. She simply followed everyone’s gazes and footsteps, and naturally found herself in front of him.

‘Ah... It’s him...’

Hugo Taran.

Her heart started thumping loudly. He was more charming than when she saw him in her dream. Normally, people only heard of his renown name – the war’s black lion. However, ten cases out of ten, people would be shocked over his good looks. He didn’t appear rough and wild at all. He didn’t just look outstanding, his handsome appeal was unequaled.

Their gazes would lock onto his pitch-black hair and blood-like scarlet eyes, then they would appreciate his sculpted face. His sleek tall bridge nose beautifully balanced his deep eyes.

When he opened his thin lips, everyone would turn silent to listen to his words. His strong jawline and his neck revealed his masculinity.

Lucia had been appreciating his handsome looks with a gaping mouth, when she quickly snapped back to her senses in shock, while looking around to see if anyone had noticed her unlady-like behavior. Thankfully, nobody was interested in the pitiful, ugly young miss.

‘Contracted marriage...?’

Lucia swallowed hard.

‘Will... I be able to succeed...?’

The level was too high. He’s not a man you should dare look at, her mind sensibly whispered to her.

Kwiz, who was in high spirits, dragged Hugo all over the ballroom. He wanted to parade around as though he were wearing a priceless treasure. In Kwiz’ view, the Duke of Taran was considered a treasure. He was doing everything he could to win the Duke over to his side.

Neither of the two had explicitly stated whether they had decided to support each other. However, the fact that the two of them were walking side by side and talking made other people’s imagination run wild. Kwiz had used that to his advantage, while Hugo had overlooked his actions in silence.

Hugo was tired and simply wanted to go home. When Kwiz became the next Emperor, he would need to do these things to help him gain supporters, but that was something to think of in the future. He didn’t find it necessary to put so much effort for the sake of the Crown Prince just yet.

‘What can it be...?’

He had been feeling someone’s furtive stare for a while now. He had been a perceptive hunter all his life. He could easily sense when someone was targeting him. He didn’t feel any evil intent, but it made him feel outraged that he would be made into someone’s target. He feigned ignorance and looked around for the other party.

‘A woman...?’

It was unexpectedly a woman. She had brown hair and wore a blue dress; she seemed to be a young miss who had just stepped into adulthood. When Hugo looked toward the female, she avoided his gaze, but he had already found out the truth.

He was used to the yearning stares from other women. However, this brown haired female was not someone falling into that category. She looked like someone who had something to say; her eyes were filled with restlessness and sometimes very desperate.

‘If she has something to say, she will come eventually.’

He brushed her interest in him aside. However, her tenacious staring continued to bother his senses without rest. Now, he was glancing over at her from time to time to see what she was up to. She did not converse with anyone in the ball, nor did she dance; she simply kept staring at him. For a quick moment when he was alone, he saw her take a single step toward him.

But as soon as somebody approached him again, she would step back. He frowned unintentionally. Eventually, the party was coming to an end and she had not approached him.

‘It’s utterly impossible to approach him...’

It felt like he was today’s protagonist. People did not leave him alone at all. There wasn’t a single normal person within his circle of acquaintances. Most of all, Crown Prince Kwiz, Hesse the 9th, did not step away from the Duke’s surroundings.

‘The main instigator for my horrible marriage is right there,’ Lucia expressed toward her step brother. She didn’t particularly resent the Crown Prince. Although the two shared the same blood ties, he had no responsibility to take care of her like a real family. They were born from a different uterus, making them no different than strangers.

The party finally ended, and she could not relay a single word to him. Forget about talking, she couldn’t even get near him.

‘Hhhaa... what to do. Will he be attending tomorrow’s ball?’

She wasn’t sure whether he would be attending tomorrow’s ball and tonight would probably be the only chance she would get. Lucia decided she would attend the next day as well.

It had been five days. Today was the last day. Although the capital had been hosting the ball for five nights, nobody looked tired at all. Most likely, as soon as the party ended, most people would be tired and stay home for a while. It would be very quiet among the high society for some time.

However, compared to the first and second nights, quite a lot of people were not in attendance. Most of the ones attending tonight’s ball were party addicts. Otherwise, they would be hunting for a partner to spend some alone time in the dark corridors or the garden.

Not everyone was there to enjoy the party. There were those with huge appetites feasting on the delicacies; those who wished to make new connections; and others giving flirtatious glances, looking for a discreet fling. Contrary to everyone else, was the loner Lucia, who was out of everyone’s way against a wall, sipping on a glass of non-alcoholic champagne.

She had spent the last five days standing around all night while wearing heels, and it had given her an intense burning pain. Her corset wasn’t too binding, but it was constricting her chest considerably, making it hard to breathe. Although she was hungry, she could only taste a little bit at a time due to her corset.

Although the fragrance of the food was very alluring, she treated it like a background decoration. It was uncomfortable going to the bathroom, so she had made do with a single glass of champagne to wet her dry lips.

She felt how true it was that hunger intensified depression. Lucia was extremely depressed at the moment. She didn’t know whether it was because she was so hungry it felt like her stomach was stuck to her spine, or whether it was because she couldn’t approach the Duke these past five days. In any case, the two had equally caused much distress to Lucia.

She eyed the man in a black tailcoat in the distance. He looked superior compared to anyone else in this place, whether it be looks or status. He was tall with broad shoulders and a slim waist; his body had ideal proportions. Though one could not see his body underneath, anyone could tell he was well-toned.

There wasn’t much time left now. She would not be able to even greet him by the time the party ended. She wasn’t sure whether she would have a chance to meet him again afterward.

‘At least I was able to look at his face to the point of no regret.’

She had been stalking the man discreetly for the last five nights. She admitted she had become way too obsessed doing that. It wasn’t the least bit tiresome looking at him. He was a handsome man, who was pleasing to the eyes. It was fun observing the people around him as well. Especially when women would vulgarly press their breast against him...

He was a beautiful creation, but he didn’t try to gain favors with his looks. His expression was always cold, without any joy, anger, sorrow, or pleasure. He sometimes slightly furrowed or raised his eyebrows. When he laughed, only his lips would cynically smile. Nevertheless, people would try their best to observe his reactions with just those responses.

His presence alone gave people pause. He naturally exuded an imposing presence that suppressed others. It was a ruler’s dignity and the composure of the strong.

Those who looked at him from afar were surprised by the Duke of Taran’s handsome looks, but those who conversed with him could understand why this Duke’s was given the title The War’s Black Lion.

Dominant males, different from non dominant ones, always had women prowling around them, lining up with lust.

Lucia could understand the numerous females who kept trying to talk to the Duke. He held a high position and much wealth; he was handsome and young; he had everything one could ask for. He didn’t have a wife nor a companion. Even searching around the whole world, it would be hard to find someone comparable to him. He was the rarest of the rare. If she had a higher position in society, she would not have hesitated to join those women right now.

‘If I had bigger breasts at least.’

‘Hhaaaaa.’

That sigh had many meanings held within it. It was not possible for her to shorten the distance between the Duke and herself.

There was another person equally fatigued as Lucia at the moment. His stress level had risen higher than hers. The useless dregs who stuck to him like glue were testing his patience as he wondered when they would shut up and get lost.

He sincerely missed the battlefield. He could shut people up as much as he liked at that place. His petty joy in life was to behead those who called him a devil. It was a good thing he currently didn’t have any weapons on him. He trusted in his own patience, but not 100 percent.

Hugo shifted his red eyes toward a corner. Nobody noticed he had been observing a particular person all this time.

‘Nothing has changed.’

The frail looking female with reddish brown hair had been standing in the same place, while holding onto the same glass all this time. For the past four days, she had not changed out of her pastel blue dress.

He did not regularly attend parties, but he was sensible enough to know that females did not wear the same dress the very next day. In a five day long ball like this one, they would own at least three dresses and rotate them. If they were so poor they couldn’t even afford three dresses, it would be better if they didn’t show up at all. She couldn’t even earn the belittlement of those around her. He didn’t see her trying to converse with anyone at all, not even once.

‘Is it money?’

If she was interested in his money, it would be better if she could tell him upfront. He was prepared to give her a sum of money with no questions asked. He admired her adamant spirit.

Originally, he planned to attend only the first day, but then decided to attend the next day as well. He was interested whether she would be there the next day. She had stuck to a corner in the same dress and had continued to stare at him. If she intended to catch his attention by wearing the same dress all the time, he wanted to relay the message that she had succeeded.

On the second day, she had not approached him. He could have gone up to her to start the conversation, but he had not. He had waited for her to approach him first. It felt like a game with victory on the line.

In the end, she had set a record by attending the party for five days straight. Kwiz was very happy, even though he hadn’t attended all these days in order to curry favor with him. In the end, the woman could not approach him, and had maintained the long distance between them.

‘It’s probably because of all these dregs.’

Everyone was assured that they had done their best making an impression with the Duke, but as soon as Hugo turned his back toward them, he planned to erase all those people from his mind.

‘It feels like she will approach me if I’m alone... Shall I try and find a place where people can’t find me?’

He’d been attending the parties for the last five days and much of his curiosity for the woman had died down. Kwiz, who had stuck to him like a piece of gum all along, had gone off somewhere.

“Excuse me for a moment.”

When Hugo requested their understanding, everyone expressed their reluctance and watched his back disappear. They assumed he would return after taking care of his business and waited for him while chattering happily among each other.

‘Huh?’

Lucia, who had been stalking him, was shocked by his unexpected behavior. He didn’t seem the type to wander around in parties. He would usually remain at the same place, and people would naturally surround him. It was the first time he was going off to some place alone. Lucia hesitated for a moment, then decided to follow after him. It could be her first and only chance.

Hugo walked leisurely. He sensed someone following behind him already.

‘What am I doing right now?’

He laughed to himself. He found it funny that he would go through so much trouble to hear what this female had to say. He wasn’t one to waste his time on useless things. It would have been over, had he simply ignored her.

He wasn’t interested in taking her to bed. To him, there were two types of women. The ones he wanted to take to bed and those he didn’t. It was the first time he was curious about a female of the latter type.

‘It has been quite bored these days.’

The high tension, the troops who were swept by madness, and the feeling of hot sticky blood. He was yearning for such things. He snapped out of his wandering thoughts about the war. In any case, he was very curious about this female’s goal.

He headed for the east garden. The moon shined the brightest there, but because of that, it wasn’t a good place for a secret love affair. It was probably the best place to be alone without having to hear some heavy moaning.

He got comfortable by a fountain that had yet to be filled with water. The place was out in the open to a certain degree. There were no people around, but it was not too desolate. He was satisfied with his choice of location. He turned his head at the crunching noise of dried leaves. When a woman appeared, the small amusement within his heart flew far away into the distance.

“Hugo...”

A well-endowed blond female sparkled like a jewel under the moonlight. His expression stiffened upon the appearance of the woman, who had an equally charming face.

“I’ve only allowed you to call me by name in the past, Lady Lawrence.”

The young miss fell into great shock as her eyes shook. He had drawn a line with his respectable cold words. He took away her privilege to call him by name and didn’t call her name like in the past. Sofia gazed at him with eyes glistening with tears as she bit her red lips.

“Please excuse my rudeness, Your Grace.”

“Did I disturb your walk?”

“No. I just noticed Your Grace walked my way and...”

“I’d be gratified if you could take your leave now.”

“Just for a moment... Just a moment is all I need. Your Grace, please...”

He sighed quietly.

“Are there any words left to say between us?”

“...You’re too heartless. Why do you cast me aside so coldly? I believed we shared our hearts at one time.”

He responded indifferently to the female, who was about to cry out a river.

“Lady Lawrence. I’ve never shared my heart with anyone. I only share my bed.”

Sofia couldn’t believe her ears as her eyes filled with tears. Her shoulders trembled as she wiped her tears away with her handkerchief.

Hugo didn’t bother comforting her and stood a distance away with his hands behind his back. He was beginning to grow irritated. That was precisely the reason he stopped playing with unmarried women. They always broke the rules.

It was frustrating to watch her, so he turned his back toward her.

“There’s nothing good about dragging this out with words.”

Sofia looked at the man who had put a wall between themselves with resentful eyes. She couldn’t believe his coldness. As she gazed toward his back, her resentful feelings slowly changed to something hot. Sofia ran and hugged his back.

She wrapped her arms around his firm chest and dug her face against his back. She was filled with emotion as his body heat permeated against her. She felt regret while thinking of their passionate night together. Her full breasts pressed against his back with hot passion, yet he closed his eyes and heartlessly tore her arms off him. Sofia’s body trembled seeing him turn around and step away in order to maintain some distance between them. He did not give her the slightest leeway.

“What did I do wrong? All I did was confess my love to my lover. Why would you send me roses of separation? You’re too much.”

“Lover you say?”

He clicked his tongue. How could this girl be so stupid?

“I’ve given you the truth since the beginning. I’ve told you to keep your heart to yourself. You promised me that you would do so. Are you feigning ignorance now?”

Sofia had not forgotten. She had not forgotten that she would be dumped as soon as she spoke of love to him. Sofia was well aware of that. All the women before her had experienced the same thing. But this cold man had called her name with such hot passion while holding her warmly that she forgot all about it.

—- I’m different. I’m not your lover. I’m unique.

(note: this is the title of a new segment of the chapter)

Sofia followed in the footsteps of all the other foolish women before her. She fell into the category called ‘the past women’.

“Can’t we...start over again? Your Grace, I will not show you my heart again. It’s okay if you embrace other girls. Please let me remain by your side.”

“You were a beautiful flower, Lady Lawrence. I broke off this flower and placed it in a vase. But the fate of these flowers is to wilt and nothing more.”

Sofia’s lips trembled imagining herself as a wilted flower. His every word mutilated her heart.

While she was his lover, it had felt like she had the world in her hands. He had been passionate and warm. He would not hesitate to spoil her with expensive gifts, either. When she said she had seen something pretty, he would gift it to her the very next day. She paraded all her gifted necklaces and earrings at all the parties she attended, and even when she hinted at their relationship, he hadn’t expressed any objections.

One day, a woman who had past relations with the Duke had warned Sofia.

“If you wish to remain by his side a day longer, don’t try to get closer. Enjoy your days until the day you receive those roses, Lady Lawrence.”

At the time, she had treated those words as nonsense. When she realized the truth, it had already been too late. Sofia had fallen too deep and he had already departed, leaving her with nothing but a bundle of yellow roses.

“Count Falcon’s wife had been picked by another, isn’t she nothing but a wilted flower?”

It had been a long time since they separated. But Sofia had approached him again after she had heard of the rumors flying around. Count Falcon’s wife was widely known for having three dead husbands. Sofia couldn’t handle the fact that she had been thrown away for such a woman.

As their meeting grew longer, Hugo gradually got more irritated. He quickly scanned the grassy forest up ahead. Somebody had been listening to the two of them all this time. Hugo was sure it would be that woman. His goal wasn’t to show off his past relationship to that girl. He had been curious what that hidden girl had to say to him, but now it had become too bothersome.

“You have no business deciding who I sleep with. Don’t think so highly of yourself.”

“She is a cursed woman, Your Grace. I’m simply worried harm would could to your esteemed self.”

He had spent a lot of effort to bed Sofia. She had not approach him first, but it had been him to ask her for a dance and seduce her to his bed. He had enjoyed a fling in a different style than his past women. She was more beautiful and materialistic. In the future, he planned to find a woman opposite of her.

“Lady Lawrence.”

His voice was incredibly cold and startled Sofia a great deal.

“I hate to be consumed in emotion. Thus, I don’t get mad. It is a waste and unpleasant to be filled with anger. If you continue to make me any more angry than I am now, you will need to pay for it. Up until now, all those who made me mad have paid for it with their lives.”

Sofia’s face drained of blood and paled as white as a sheet of paper.

“Don’t make me angry.”

Sofia’s lips trembled as she gazed at him with a pale face for a moment, then she turned and ran away with all her strength. He watched her disappearing figure with cold eyes, then fixed his attention to a certain spot.

“Come out. It’s time to stop eavesdropping like a thieving cat.”

– End of Chapter 2 –

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 3 Shall We Marry? (1)

translated:iseuli

edited: anonymous(main) + lili

She didn’t intend on eavesdropping, at first. She had busily followed after him in the same direction until he stopped.

‘How in the world do I start this conversation?’

Her mind felt like it was stuck in a black hole as she imagined a dark future. She had neglected to prepare for this moment because she had been so fervently trying to simply meet him in person. However, her feet were already moving in his direction. When she discovered him, Lucia paused her steps and hesitated. Just then, she had lost her chance to another woman.

She was already much too close to leave. She was afraid of being discovered, so she crouched down behind a tall clump of grass. She didn’t want to listen to their conversation, but she couldn’t help hearing them due to such a close proximity.

‘Lady Lawrence...? Is she... Sofia Lawrence...?’

Sofia was famous inside of Lucia’s dream. Lucia didn’t have any friendly ties with her, but Lucia had seen her a handful of times. There were many beauties in high society, but Sofia had reached the pinnacle among them all. If one were to use a comparison to nature’s food chain, she would be among the top predators.

‘Sofia Lawrence... was his ex-lover?’

Lucia was already aware he had numerous lovers. To make it worse, he switched partners frequently without hesitation. Every partner of his had breasts as big as watermelons, waists as thin as ants, wrapped up with a glamorous face. If one had to pick out a common trait among them all, it had to be that they were all beautiful morons. All the females had been nearly identical to one another, so Lucia had assumed this was his own preference when it came to women.

But Sofia Lawrence was different. Sofia was like a bouquet of white lilies. She had a grand beauty that stood out, even when she was among many other beauties. Her father, a baron, took importance in educating his children, so she was known to be a refined and modest young miss.

‘She’s not modest at all. She’s a wolf in disguise.’

A marquis had fallen in love with her beauty and Sofia had already been married by the time Lucia was actively going around attending parties of high society. The marquis was a widower, but as a daughter of a baron, it would be a suitable marriage. In the distant future, Sofia would die giving birth to a stillborn. Lucia felt odd for some reason.

‘She’s clinging to him so desperately.’

Sofia, a glamorous young miss, had thrown away all her pride and begged. Listening to her words, Lucia felt such pity.

He’s not the only man in this world, you know? Lucia wanted to tell her. But if Sofia insisted that there was only one ‘Hugo Taran’ in this world, Lucia would be helpless and could only keep quiet.

Lucia would never have guessed that she would be able to witness his dating style in such plain view. To top it off, at the worst moment possible.

‘Haa... but still. To think he would be a man who would threaten death to an ex-lover...’

If Lucia was in Sofia’s shoes, she would faint on the spot.

‘This really... far surpasses what I imagined...’

Lucia knew many things about this man, but they were all rumors she had picked up here and there. She didn’t personally know Hugo Taran at all. Inside her dream, she had only greeted him a single time. She had always viewed him from afar. She had drawn an image of him while watching many people surround him during the ball, but all that had shattered into many small pieces. He was far crueler than what she predicted, and most of all, he had no sympathy whatsoever.

‘Contracted marriage...? What if he gets mad at me for proposing such a preposterous thing?’

If she made him mad, would he kill her as well?

‘What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?’

When Lucia was worrying herself to death, he graciously put a stop to her actions.

“Come out. It’s time to stop eavesdropping like a thieving cat.”

Lucia was scared witless. She held her breath for a short moment, but he was calling her out for sure. She decided it was too late to back out now and stood up from her crouched position. As expected, he was looking into Lucia’s very direction.

“I’m... sorry, Your Grace. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop...”

“Aren’t you a little far for a discussion?”

Lucia hesitantly walked through the tall grass and stopped a couple steps away from him.

“Again... I’m so sorry. I really didn’t mean to eavesdrop on your conversation. It wasn’t my intention to listen and I won’t say a word about this to others. I promise.”

“It’s fine. What is it that you have to say?”

“...Huh?”

“You’ve been following me around for the past few days because you have something you want to say to me.”

He wanted to figure out this woman’s goal and hurry home. His earlier entertained mood was no more.

‘Oh my god.’

You knew all along? You knew I was stalking you all this time? Lucia was shocked, no, embarrassed. She didn’t know what she was feeling between the two as she felt her eyes roll to the back of her head. She felt cold sweat drip down her back.

Hugo felt his mood brighten as he watched her freeze like a wax figure. She gave off a different feel up close compared to far away. Her calm voice had a soothing tone and her expressions were very animated. It seemed that her earlier limpy figure was due to the fatigue she had built up all this time. She wasn’t a beauty, but how should one put it?

‘Cute.’

She seemed like a tiny herbivore. Something like a squirrel or a bunny? He had never looked at a squirrel or a bunny and thought it was cute. They didn’t even have the worth of hunting down. However, he was a man that generously welcomed any contradictions of himself.

“Your purpose. Don’t make me repeat myself many times over.”

“So... it’s like this. Contract... I wanted to propose a contract.”

“Contract?”

Hugo was a little disappointed. It was something more boring than he had expected.

“Yes. A contract. A contract to change a life.”

My life. Lucia added inside her own thoughts.

“A contract to change a life, you say?”

That sounded interesting. He murmured ‘hmmm’ to himself.

“Aren’t you lagging behind on your self-introduction?”

“Ah, yes. You’re perfectly right. But as I’ve already told you, this is a very important contract...”

Lucia contemplated with all her strength for the correct method to relay this message. I want to escape from my current situation. As for future problems, I’ll deal with them as they come.

“This is an unsuitable place to bring up such a topic. Who I am, the contents of the contract, everything.”

She seemed suspicious, but he decided to acknowledge her request. According to his senses, there was nobody wandering around this place. However, if the information she needed to relay was sensitive information, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to be extra safe.

As long as it was a contract that brought him benefits, he was always open to it.

“Where did you want us to go?”

“Will it be alright to talk at your mansion?”

He paused to ponder for a moment.

“That’s fine. When?”

“I will contact you in the future.”

Up until now, he had always been the boss of the contract. Until now, he had always been the one with the upper hand, and it would remain that way in the future as well. He did not bother with contracts that would tie him down. She was the one requesting a contract, so he would have the upper hand in this as well. But she had behaved as if it was the other way around. It was one of the two. Either she didn’t know any better and knew no fear, or she was trying to con him.

“Are you telling me to wait for your message that will be sent at an unknown date?”

A river of cold sweat began dripping down Lucia’s back. However, she put a dignified and brave front.

“You should be able to endure that much. It’s a life-changing contract, after all.”

He fixed his eyes on Lucia amusedly. Since he was born, nobody had behaved so senselessly. It was impossible to judge her character from her appearance but she didn’t look shameless enough to try and con him. However, the way she glared back with wide eyes, trying to feign ignorance to her own fear, had perked his interest.

“I hope your words are as you said. I’m not such a hospitable person.”

Lucia corrected in her thoughts that he probably never had a ‘moment’ when he had been hospitable to anyone. He was a man whose motto in life was to threaten other people. It could be that she had been completely off the mark judging the Duke of Taran as a whole. But she understood one thing. This man was no gentleman.

“...Yes. I will bear that fact in mind.”

***

Lucia needed someone who could advise her. She wanted to think this out thoroughly with another person. The only person that she could properly trust to advise her was Norman. Norman was older than Lucia; although Lucia had more years of life if one accounted for her dream. Norman had written many novels using the many hardships and experiences of her life. She would be able to help her.

She could not confess every single detail to Norman. Norman thought Lucia was a palace maid.

‘I’m actually a princess. I’m thinking of going through a contract marriage with the Duke of Taran. Do you think I will be able to succeed?’ There was no way she could say such things.

“Norman, I need to make an important choice in my life.” Lucia wanted to phrase it in an abstract way.

“There are two paths in front of me. If I don’t do anything, I will end up going towards the left path. I know what will happen to me on that road. I will end up suffering a lot and I will live a hard life. However, I can try and attempt going towards the right path. I have no idea whether this attempt will succeed or not. Even if I succeed, I have no idea what kind of road it is. The road to the right can lead to a better life, but at the same time, there is a chance I can end up living in a place worse than hell. Norman, which road would you take?”

“If it were me, I would take my chances with the path to the right.”

“...You didn’t even need to think about it.”

“Didn’t you say that you know what will happen to you if you go toward the left? To make it worse, it will be a life of misery. In such a case, you’ve got to take your chances. Even if the right road leads to a worse case, it will be something I decided for myself and I won’t feel any regrets.”

“Regrets...”

“And if you knew everything about your future, wouldn’t that be boring? Life is only fun when you don’t know what will happen. Even if one feels lonely today, what about tomorrow? People can only live on with this hope in their hearts.”

“Wow, Norman. You seem like a sage.”

“Puhaha. ‘Sage’, get out of town! I’m someone who lives on without even knowing what the word ‘tomorrow’ means. Life is a gamble. You only have one shot. There is no way you’ll gain anything without risking some dangers.”

As Norman put it, this was a gamble. A gamble with her life on the line. If she were to succeed with this gamble and become the Duke’s wife, her life would change completely. Even if she got married only to end up divorced, she would be guaranteed basic compensation to live on. Her dream to live in a tiny two-storey house was not such a faraway dream any longer. The life she had lived in her dreams had been terrible. She wanted to live a carefree and peaceful life.

‘Yes. Let’s just go for it. There’s only one shot in life.’

Before Lucia’s courage could dissipate, she left Norman’s home and went toward the Duke of Taran’s mansion. She could stop anyone on the street for directions to the Duke’s mansion and they would be able to point out the way. Everything was sailing smoothly up until this point. When she faced against the towering steel gates of the mansion, she couldn’t breathe. All the courage she had worked up shriveled up into a tiny pea.

‘Why isn’t anyone here?’

There wasn’t a single soldier guarding the Duke’s mansion.

‘Were my efforts all for naught?’

If a royal guard had interrogated her ‘who are you?’, she would have had to run away, yet she felt a strange emptiness seeing nobody there. She pushed on the gate to vent her frustration, but the gate swung open quite easily.

‘Oh my god... it opened.’

She peeked inside the gate many times and hesitated before carefully stepping into the estate. She assumed that since it was the Duke’s mansion, someone would spot her as soon as she welcomed herself in. Unfortunately, no matter how long she walked around, she couldn’t spot even a shadow of another person.

‘Why is this place so poorly guarded? Did I arrive correctly at the Duke’s mansion?’

“Who’re you?”

A man suddenly appeared in front of Lucia who had been loitering around the mansion. Lucia gasped in shock, while pressing her hands to her chest to calm herself down. The man didn’t look apologetic for shocking the girl senseless. Instead, he pressed closer and began inspecting the girl up close.

“You don’t look like an employee of this place, what are you doing here?”

He swaggered around with a rude tone. The rude red-haired man was wearing an imposing armour that was engraved with a black lion. Lucia remained standing tall.

“Are you one of the Duke’s knights?”

The man was amused, ‘what is this?’ He mumbled to himself while scanning Lucia up and down.

“I am, so?”

“Is His Grace presently inside his home?”

“I wonder. Why are you looking for His Grace?”

“I apologize for barging in, but would it be alright if you relayed to His Grace that I have a message for him? I request for an audience with the Duke of Taran.”

“So then, who are you?”

“I... I have an important message for His Grace. He will be willing to meet me if you tell him that I’m the person who had proposed a contract at the Victory Ball.”

“I don’t care about that. I’m asking who you are. I can’t invite you into our Lord’s mansion when I don’t even know your name. You don’t seem like a noble. Are you a merchant?”

Lucia felt her ears burn hot. In her current state, it would be difficult to insist that she was a noble, let alone a princess. Even if he responded violently, she wouldn’t have anything to say to him. She regretted that she didn’t pretend to be an errand girl to relay a message. But it was much too late for regrets now.

“Although I am dressed this way and seem insignificant, I am a noble.”

The man froze as he stared at Lucia for a while. Suddenly, he turned around.

“Follow me.”

***

BANG BANG, he smacked his fist against the door. Not waiting for a response, he opened the door, ‘I’m coming in.’ The red haired man popped his head into the inner office, where a man with gloomy black hair was sitting behind a wide desk. The Duke glanced over at the man swaggering into the room. The next moment, he was reading over documents while signing his signature.

“Where is Jerome?”

If his righteous butler had witnessed this guy’s brutal mannerism, he wouldn’t have watched on in silence.

“He had to leave to take care of some quick business. He told me the reason, but I’ve forgotten what it was about.”

It must have been quite an urgent task. Otherwise, Jerome wouldn’t have left, leaving just this guy in charge.

He probably didn’t need to leave for a long time, so he had decided not to bother the Duke of this matter.

“I don’t have time to play with you. Play alone.”

“...Sheesh. You always treat me like an immature brat.”

You’re not even that much older than me, the red haired man muttered under his breath.

“If you were an immature brat, I would have taught you a lesson long ago.”

“Wow, after beating me so much during our sparring sessions, how can you be so shameless with those words?”

“I did that because I thought you were cute.”

“Ah, shit...!”

He puffed in resentment. Hugo was amused;, smiling slightly, he then returned to his usual cold expression. The only person Hugo would show emotions to was this brat.

“You have a guest.”

“I have no such things scheduled for today.”

There was an endless amount of people standing in line to meet him. If Hugo were to agree to meet everyone, he wouldn’t ever be able to go to sleep.

A majority would be respectful and send in letters formally requesting an audience. However, there were a handful of people who barged in to meet him as well. They would ignore the guard’s warning and force their way in. They would shamelessly make themselves comfortable in the living room and claim that they had already gotten permission since they were already in his home.

In the end, it was too much trouble and Hugo got rid of the guards altogether. If they crossed over the gate, he would report them for trespassing and breaking into someone’s house. For those nobles, he would aim swords at their throats. When the sword sliced into the skin, a bit of a massive amount of blood would fall. Following such a show, nobody dared to barge into his mansion ever again. But at the same time, he became infamous as an evil Duke.

“She’s a very amusing guest. Why don’t you have a look?”

“Do I know her?”

“No. Although she seems like a shabby commoner she claims she is a noble.” The red haired man snickered.

“Rather than that, her clothes are crap and she has no servants. Even so, she has this super confident air about her. Isn’t she amusing? I’m dying to know why she has to meet the Duke.”

Roy’s, the red haired man’s eyes shined while Hugo clicked his tongue. A shameless guy who had interrupted his work just to fulfill his own curiosity. If his butler, Jerome, was here, he would be jumping with anger. Roy knew Jerome would lecture and criticise him for at least two hours; even so, his immediate amusement was more important.

Roy had been going on nonstop about how bored he was. If he refused, Roy would annoy him to no end. Just at that moment, Hugo had felt fatigued over the neverending documents that needed to be looked over. It would be a good idea to take a short break.

“Were there any other messages?”

“What...else did she say? First of all, she’s a girl.”

Hugo had thought it would be a man all this time and furrowed his eyebrows in anger. Roy jerked back like he had suffered a burn, and ran away to the furthest corner of the office.

“She blabbered something about a contract at the Victory Ball. She said Your Grace would meet her no matter what.”

Hugo’s eyes shook. After 10 days of no messages, he had suspected the female’s intentions.

“Where is the guest now?”

“In the living room. Oh, I didn’t leave her in the room alone. I ordered a maid to serve her tea. I’m aware of basic manners.” Roy’s boasting figure looked painfully pitiful.

Two men sat directly across from Lucia. Lucia sipped her tea while glancing at the Duke every now and then. She couldn’t believe she was sitting in the same room with the Duke like this. Although it wasn’t the first time she had seen him, it was still very interesting to see the Duke in person.

‘He’s really... the Duke of Taran...’

The contrast of his raven black hair and blood red scarlet eyes would frighten anyone who met his eyes. His presence was so strong that it left an unforgettable impression. This was their first meeting since the Victory Ball, and they were sitting across from each other in a brightly lit room.

“Did you visit knowing I was in the mansion?”

“N-no. If you weren’t home, I would have left a message.”

His voice reflected his physical appearance very much. His voice was a heavy low tone, but had a piercing commanding aura. ‘Even his voice is amazing,’ she had thought to herself while squatting by the tall grassy bush.

‘I... had no idea I would be so easily affected by a person’s appearance and voice.’

Inside her dream, she had been scammed numerous times but could never learn her lesson. She had lost all her life savings to a handsome man she had fallen head over heels for. No matter how bitterly one suffered in life, it was hard for such human feelings to change just because one wished them to.

‘It’s probably because of Count Matin.’

Lucia had never known or seen a man while she lived trapped inside the Royal Palace. The first man Lucia had met had been old, obese, short, ugly and violent. Following such an experience, she couldn’t help but have her heart stolen by a handsome man.

‘Although being handsome does not make him a good man...’

The man in front of her was the proof. This man was a bad guy. He had no problems stepping on a woman’s heart like a plaything. Although Lucia was aware of all this, she had no confidence that she would not turn into someone like Sofia in the future. If he whispered sweet nothings in her ears with that face and voice, she would lose herself.

‘Get a hold of yourself. You must get a hold of yourself.’ Lucia calmed her shaking heart.

“I’ve been rude, requesting an audience without prior notice. Please excuse me for my late introduction. I am the Emperor’s 16th princess, Vivian Hesse. It’s an honor to be able to talk to Your Grace.”

“Pfft.”

When Lucia introduced herself as the ‘16th princess’, he burst into laughter. He was the red-haired man who had guided Lucia into the mansion. She didn’t think much of his jeering laughter, only mindlessly observing how inconsiderate he was. Just then, she remembered who this man was.

‘Roy... Krotin’

The Duke of Taran’s loyal subordinate. He was known as the red-haired youth, Crazy Dog Kortin. Most of the stories that followed Krotin were exaggerated, but accounting for just half of the tales was enough to be qualified for the title of ‘Crazy Dog’.

“In order to not waste any of Your Grace’s time, I will get straight to the point. I’ve come... to ask for Your Grace’s hand in marriage.”

As soon as Lucia finished her sentence, she held her breath. It felt like her heart would explode from the stillness. After crossing the point of no return, she felt better having said it. Lucia continued to observe his expression. His brows had momentarily twitched, but surprisingly, he maintained his indifferent expression. The heated reaction burst from their side.

“PWAHAHAHA!!”

Roy laughed like he was dying. The Duke of Taran glared coldly, wondering if he had gone crazy. Even so, Roy’s laughter did not stop. In the end, the Duke threw a punch to the back of his head and was able to make his laughter stop, and instead, Roy was yelping in pain.

“Uggh. Are you trying to kill me?” Roy held the back of his head and yelled in rage, while a lone tear hung at the corner of his eye. Lucia, who was observing the two, received a fright. ‘Is that why he was known as Crazy Dog?’

“You’re noisy. You, get out.”

“Eh? Why? I’ll keep my mouth shut and be quiet. Really~.”

Roy clamped his mouth shut, while Hugo clicked his tongue and returned his attention to the young lady sitting across from him.

‘A princess?’

Hugo observed the young miss who claimed herself to be a princess. In the past Victory Ball, she seemed like a noble lady. Now, at the moment, she didn’t seem any different than any commoner woman you could find on the street. ‘And she claims to be a princess?’

He had no interest in the royal family. The king himself probably had no idea what all his children looked like. It wasn’t just one or two. He, therefore, assumed she really was a princess. The rank of her status was too low for her to go out of her way to pretend and lie about it, in addition, she was strangely detailed about it.

He loved women, but he had his own rules. He didn’t go near anyone who would give him more trouble than necessary. He only needed a girl to sleep with, someone who he could toss aside while claiming he was just drunk. A princess ranked first among his no-go zone list. In the first place, he gave no room to keep in contact. If he had known she was a princess, he would not have agreed to this meeting.

“Who was it?”

“...What?”

“Princess, who was the person who sent you here? The discussion cannot continue further until the mastermind is present.”

“Do you believe that I am a princess?”

Lucia had thought he would get mad for trying to deceive him. She had decided to receive any insulting and offensive words without complaint. But his reaction was too peaceful.

“Were you lying?”

“No. I am not lying. I... thought you would get mad.”

“I would have gotten mad if you were lying.”

She remembered his words from the past victory ball. A cold chill ran down her spine. There was nobody who could give more terror to another than this person whose weight of the word ‘mad’ held a different meaning.

“I’m not lying. Although there are things I cannot tell you... I am not someone who lies. There is nobody else trying to pull the strings. I am the person who decides everything.”

“Princess, is there anyone who knows you’re here?”

“Nobody knows. Nobody is aware that Princess Vivian has left the royal palace.”

This was not a lie. She had left the royal palace as a maid who served under Princess Vivian. Currently, it had been recorded that Princess Vivian was quietly minding her own business inside her own detached palace.

“I will figure out how that is possible at a later date. Didn’t you request a contract last time? This is different than what you told me before.”

“This is not anything different. I am proposing a contract to you. A life-changing contract with marriage on the line.”

He was stunned with amazement that he lost the timing to get mad. A boiling heat was starting to rise from his stomach. A waste of time and total nonsense. She was doing everything he hated. He coldly jeered at her.

“Are you playing around with your nonsense words?”

“I know I am saying baseless words to you. I understand that you feel repulsed because of my abrupt words. I am here to present to you all the things that you will be able to obtain by wedding with me. After you listen, it will be fine to reject this offer. I will not take too much of your time. I will not bother you ever again.”

This woman who seemed like a frail rabbit looked nervous to her bones but she had been eloquent with her words. Her honest eyes looked straight ahead at him. These were the desperate eyes he had observed from the Victory ball. Her eyes seemed very desperate, but at the same time, they didn’t have any hint of greed. As a result, he had been interested in her the whole time.

The reason he was listening to these nonsense words up until now was purely because of those eyes. He decided to waste his time a little more.

“Fine. Speak.”

“Um... before that. Will it be okay if the person beside you leaves the room?”

“No! Why?”

Roy, who had been watching with sparkling eyes, suddenly raged. He protested against missing out on such an interesting show.

“Princess, you’re able to be here and discuss this only because of me. How can you stab me in the back after all this time?”

“Um, thank you. And I’m sorry. However, the words I will relay are very personal matters. This is information that can fatally harm me in the future. It’s not that I don’t believe you, but I believe you can give me this much understanding.”

“I’m not anyone to blab around town but... by chance, do you know me?”

“Ah? Ah.. um... aren’t you a fa-famous person?”

“I am? Was I ever that famous...?”

Roy rubbed his chin and tilted his head while Lucia watched him, dripping with cold sweat. It was the truth that he would be famous in the far future, but that might not be true at the moment.

‘She controls him well.’

Roy, who had been jumping around with rage, had turned quiet and still, and Hugo laughed under his breath. Roy did not feel very comfortable trying to go against such a noble woman either. He was violent-tempered with a large build, he had no filters for his words and spoke his thoughts plainly -often coming out crude and impolite- and, to top it off, his loud voice seemed to oppress and bully everyone around him. But, if you got to know him, there wasn’t anyone more simple-minded than him. You could see him as a very large, stubborn dog.

One couldn’t put their finger on this young woman, but she was interesting.

“Leave the room.”

“...che.”

Roy quietly grumbled but he left without much of a fight. Now that they were alone, Lucia felt her nerves tense up once more. She retraced the last scenario in her mind once more. This was a gamble. She threw the dice.

“I... am aware that Your Grace has a son that will succeed you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 4
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 4 (Shall We Marry?)

translated by iseuli

edited by: lili

Please do not take out the translations. I choose not to accept donations or profit for a reason. Thank you for your understanding.

The single reason he required a wife-in-name was because he had a love child (child born out of wedlock). It was common to find illegitimate children among nobles, but the Duke wanted this love child to succeed him.

Xenon was a lenient country toward illegitimate children. As long as the love child was registered into the family registry, no unfair rules could be counted against them. However, in order to register the child, both parents had to agree. According to Lucia’s memory, the Duke would not have another child with the wife-in-name. It had been unknown whether they could not make children or they had agreed not to have children, but it was most probably the latter.

“I have not planted any spies within Your Grace’s faction of people.”

To the Duke, her words were laughable. A spy? A mere 16th princess? If such a thing was true, the people in charge of security would need to pay with their lives first thing in the morning.

“Even if you had planted a spy, it doesn’t matter. You may continue.”

She was feeling uneasy because she believed he would press her for an explanation for all the wealth of information she had on him. However, his answers were surprisingly calm. Actually, he seemed amused at the moment. She looked at him with strange eyes; he was acting so differently than the last time she had seen him. He was surprisingly very patient and mild tempered. It was true that one could never judge a person’s character by meeting them only once. A small hope had sparked in her; maybe she would be able to get her message across to him.

“Ah... yes. Like I was saying... If you wish to let your child succeed you, Your Grace will have to marry.”

“Thus. Princess, are you implying I should marry you?”

“...Yes.”

He laughed under his breath.

“It’s not a secret I have a love child. It’s an easily accessible information that could be found with little effort. Unless you’re trying to keep that fact a secret?”

“No! I’m not trying to threaten Your Grace. I don’t dare to have such thoughts. As I have told you, I’m here to propose a contract. I want to show you the benefits you can obtain by marrying me.”

He blankly gazed at Lucia and opened his lips.

“What is it? The benefits will I gain by marrying you, Princess?”

His tone was dry and business-like.

“I have no relatives. There will be no need for Your Grace to concern yourself with these things. My status in the royal family is very low as the 16th princess, so you will not have to burden yourself with an expensive dowry. But since I am a princess, I think it will be more outwardly appealing than a no-name noble from somewhere. Although I assume Your Grace does not care about such small matters. I will never interfere with your private life. You can play to your heart’s content, no, you may live your life the same way you have been living all this time. If you wish, we may even set up a time for a divorce somewhere in the future.”

He was listening quietly, but his expression was strange.

“Oh, lastly. I will not become a hindrance to Your Grace’s child. You see, I am unable to get pregnant.”

He let out a long sigh. He had to keep his mouth shut tight because he was feeling very uncomfortable at the moment. At present, this expression was the most she had witnessed the Duke display.

“What in the world?”

His expression turned frosty once more.

“Princess, I wish I could go into that brain of yours to see what’s inside. Really... no, just get lost. Do you really believe these are benefits to me?”

“...Huh?”

“Let’s discuss this one by one. Princess, you will become the Duke of Taran’s wife. My power isn’t so weak to be easily suppressed by some mere nobles. There is a branch in the government that deals with direct families versus relatives related by marriage, so there is no need for me to stress myself over such things. It would be a different story if they decided to commit treason. Even if that was the case, it’s no hard matter settling such an event. As for dowry... I’ve told you already, but the Taran Dukedom is not poor. There’s no reason for us to cut corners for some dowry. Things like appealing to other nobles, I have no need to stress myself over it. In the Taran family tradition, we don’t believe in such things as divorce. If you wish to separate yourself from the Taran family, you will only be able to do it after death. No, you probably won’t be able to even after your death. Anyway, that is the case. As for my private matters...”

He furrowed his eyebrows like he was suffering a headache.

“I can generally guess with what meaning you’ve proposed such a thing. However, are you telling me after I marry I should continue to play around with this woman and that woman, stamping my reputation to the dirt?”

“...Huh?”

Lucia’s mind blanked out into pure white.

“B...but from what I heard last time...”

“I’m not married at the moment. Nobody cares what an unmarried man does with however many women.” His words were considerably reasonable.

“It was immature to think you’ve got a grasp on someone for such simple reasons.” Although he wasn’t trying to be sarcastic, his words sparked a chord of anger at Lucia’s heart.

“Then, Your Grace, have you made a resolution that you will be faithful to only one woman after your marriage for the rest of your life?”

He could not answer for a moment. Of course that would not be the case. He would not make such a preposterous resolution. Wouldn’t it be fine to play around every now and then? However, he could not understand why he was trying to justify himself at the moment.

“That is not something you should concern yourself with, Princess.”

“Yes, of course not. But still, you don’t deny my words.”

“It doesn’t matter whether it’s the case or not. That’s not something a princess should concern herself with.”

“Of course it’s not. Did I ever complain about it?”

A silence suddenly fell upon the quarreling duo. Lucia took hold of her senses that had flown off very far away, and shut her mouth politely. She had said some pointless things. Lucia, who had been worked up just a while ago, turned sullen. If there was nothing he could gain from this marriage, then there would be no reason to settle this contract.

“Then... How about the problem concerning your child succeeding you? Is there no benefit that I’m unable to get pregnant?” Wasn’t it a grave problem that a woman couldn’t bear children? He fell into confusion at her tone; it seemed like she was asking which dress color looked better at a dress shop.

“It’s true that I wish this child to succeed me. It will become a slight pain if my wife were to bear a son, but.... I don’t owe you any explanations regarding this point. Anyway, there is nothing to be gained regarding this problem. Also, is there a way you can prove that you cannot bear a child?”

“...No.”

Even if she were to get a diagnosis from a doctor, they would not be able to give a 100 percent confirmation. If she were to get pregnant, that doctor would have given a false diagnosis and he would need to pay for it with his life.

“If you cannot prove it, then you cannot list it as one of the benefits.”

“Hhaa...”

Lucia let out a heavy sigh. Everything she had prepared had been used up. Then in her dream, for what reason had he married that woman? There must have been a certain condition that they had agreed on. Could it be possible that the rumors of a contract marriage had all been a sham and they had both been madly in love with each other? Lucia, who had fallen into despair, suddenly thought of one thing and lifted her head.

“Then. How about this? I will not fall in love with Your Grace.”

“...What?”

“I will make sure to never love you. I keep my heart to myself.”

He suddenly burst out in roaring laughter. Lucia looked toward him with an empty gaze. It was the first time she had seen him laughing out loud. So he was a human being who could laugh like this as well. She thought how foolish she was to think that he would have never laughed before.

“From all the benefits, I like this one the most.”

How amusing. This woman was truly amusing.

“Fine. Let us consider that your merit. Then, Princess, you’re fine with me playing around with women, and it’s also alright to settle this marriage with a divorce. But Princess, what do you get out of this?”

“I’m fine... with just obtaining the title of the Duke’s wife.”

“I will not allow a life of luxury just because of that. Also, I will not allow you to use the Dukedom’s name in order to settle your petty personal power struggles.”

“I don’t wish for any such things. It’s just... I have already told you I am the 16th princess. His Majesty does not even know of my existence as he lives his life.”

He did not try to comfort her with words like ‘that’s not true’. Instead, a smile spread upon his lips.

“A princess must be prepared to be sold at a moment’s notice for the Kingdom’s sake. When a suitable dowry is offered, the kingdom will not bat an eye to sell me off to any place under the Heavens. It won’t matter how old he is or how many times he had married; it won’t matter how bad his reputation is. Your Grace, at least you are young and unmarried. Before the Kingdom sells me off... I wanted to sell myself. Then at least I would have chosen the position for myself. No matter what happens to me, I won’t feel victimized.”

Her eyes seemed like they were crying so sadly. He was not someone to easily empathize with others. He wouldn’t concern himself over others regardless of their situation. Her proposal didn’t have a plan or foundation of any sort; he didn’t have an ounce of trust in it. Even so, this was the first time since he was born that he had felt so amused.

“Then it’s time I have to leave. I’ve been under your care, I apologize for all my rudeness. Please forgive me.”

Lucia stood up and bowed her head. Once she lifted her head, her expression looked refreshed. She had done her best to fight against her own fate. Whether everything sailed smoothly was up to the heavens now. She had done all she could.

“I will think about it.”

Lucia’s eyes opened wide.

“I cannot give you my definite answer yet. As you’ve put it, Princess, this is a contract that can change a life.”

“Ah...”

It was hard to believe. It felt like a dream.

“I only agreed to think about it. I haven’t agreed to do it yet.”

“Ah... I understand.”

“Your expression looked like you were proud to accomplish something great, so I was just confirming your understanding.”

Lucia frowned slightly and pouted her lips. Was he teasing her? Anger started rising inside her chest out of nowhere. Other than his outer appearance, there wasn’t a single thing about him that she liked.

“Then, first...”

When he stood up and reached his hands toward her, Lucia stood dazed without any reaction. He grasped her chin with his big hand and mashed his lips against hers. Up until that point, Lucia had no idea what was going on. A hot piece of flesh invaded her lips and touched the deeper parts of her mouth. She tightly closed her eyes. Her hands were gripped into a tight fist to the point that they were shaking.

The sudden deep kiss didn’t last long. His tongue lightly grazed inside her mouth before he parted from her trembling lips. Upon seeing her flushed red face, he laughed.

“I was just confirming.”

“What...for...?”

“At least we should not feel any rejection toward physical contact as a married couple. Thankfully, that’s not the case for us.”

“Oh... I see...”

“Please wait a moment. I shall prepare a carriage to escort you back to the royal palace gates.”

He turned around and left, while Lucia plopped down onto the sofa. She massaged her burning cheeks with her hands. As a married couple, of course there would be times when such moments would be required. The physical contact from a moment ago was something so matter-of-factly. However, Lucia held both her hands into fists and began hitting herself.

“You idiot. You’re really a hopeless idiot.”

It really was unbelievable, but Lucia had thought nothing further than the word ‘marriage’. She really had no further thoughts on the status of a husband and wife. ‘Even married, he will have a lover of his own,’ she had assumed. She couldn’t see it any other way. She didn’t think that she would have to sleep on the same bed as him at all.

“... I won’t be able to get advice on this from anyone.”

She fumbled around thinking of her humiliating immature senselessness.

***

For a change, a problem had arisen that required some thinking for him.

“Marriage...”

He was currently 23. He was already at his optimal age for marriage. Even so, he didn’t have any thoughts of getting married. Aside from marriage, he already had more than enough problems to settle. He didn’t want to waste his time on such an annoying thing like a wife. In the first place, he didn’t want to deal with a wedding. He was never in short supply of women.

But if he wanted to let his son succeed him, he had to get married. The only people who could inherit his position were those, who were in his family registry. It didn’t matter whether the Duke would be separated by death or divorced, he had to get married to officially adopt his son into the family registry. According to Xenon’s law, single men were not allowed to adopt children or officially admit them into the family registry.

The brat was still young. Such a thing like a wedding was not urgent. But someday, he would need to go through it. He would need to find an understanding woman who would agree to let the brat register into the family. With that point in mind, the princess that had come searching for him was quite appealing.

“Freedom in my own private life, you say? That is a nice addition.”

He burst out laughing. He had shown the princess a cold reaction, but these factors were all very appealing. He had teased her with a kiss and he laughed once more thinking of her flushed face. She was indeed cute. It was a refreshing change of pace.

However, there were too many doubtful aspects. He had to confirm whether she was truly a princess. He had to figure out who the real mastermind was. What was her goal with this proposal? He had assumed everything she had said today was a lie.

He assumed the worst of situations when he felt any ounce of suspicion. It was his motto in life.

“Your Grace, this is Jerome.”

As soon as he replied, ‘come in,’ his faithful butler walked in.

“I’m at a loss for words, Your Grace. I will make sure an event like today’s will never happen again in the future.”

“It’s not your fault. Even so, you can’t hawk over Roy every second of your life.”

“I will do so from now on.”

Jerome never expected he would cause such a huge accident in the short amount of time he was gone. How could he leave His Grace alone with another person of mysterious background?! Jerome was cautious not to cause any trouble for His Grace, while carefully treading on thin ice in the capital. At the moment, it felt like someone had whacked him in the back of his head very hard; an uncontrollable amount of anger was rising inside his chest. Jerome gritted his teeth while flaring all his anger toward Roy.

“Order Fabian to report to me as soon as he arrives.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Hugo decided he would dig up everything he could about this princess.

***

Late into the night, Jerome greeted Fabian, who arrived in the Duke’s mansion. Fabian was the Duke of Taran’s personal aide. Fabian tried his best to avoid work outside his regular hours no matter how busy things got. If it wasn’t such an urgent business, he would not have made the trip there this late into the night.

“What happened?”

Fabian patted his brother’s, Jerome’s shoulder, whose face looked as stiff as a rock. They were twins born from the same mother on the same day, but they looked nothing alike, other than their midnight blue eyes. Those who find out were all shocked by the fact.

“It’s not such a serious case, so relax a bit. It’s just that His Grace has been greatly curious on this topic for a while now. Tomorrow is my day off, so I decided to drop by tonight. Is he still awake?”

“He’s not in.”

“What’s this? Did he leave for a night trip? Now that I’m here, everyone’s already gone. Of course that would be the case for me. There’s no helping it. Ah, please don’t tell His Grace that I’ve dropped by. Tomorrow is my day off, so I don’t want him to call me over.”

Fabian was an earnest subordinate, but he was always half a step short due to his laziness. Jerome clicked his tongue, but he didn’t rebut him as he had trust in Fabian. If his job was urgent, he would’ve made sure to finish it as soon as possible. Fabian turned around to leave but suddenly stopped.

“Where did he go?”

Jerome hesitated for a moment.

“Countess Falcon place.”

“Falcon... Falcon... Who was...what? He still goes to visit her?”

“Lower your voice. Everyone is sleeping.”

“That’s not the problem! What are you doing?”

“...What should I be doing? I don’t have any qualifications to care who he sleeps with.”

“Why shouldn’t you care? Three of her husbands died! She’s most definitely a cursed woman!”

“...Are you a kid? A curse? Is there such a thing?”

“How are things going with Baron Lawrence’s daughter?”

“I’ve already sent her the roses according to His Grace’s wishes.”

“Why didn’t you tell me anything? If I knew ahead of time...”

“What could you have done? Were you planning to let women into his bedroom? Don’t overstep your boundaries, you’ll lose your life. Do you know how many necks you have on you?”

“Ah, seriously.”

Fabian’s whole body shook with frustration as he furiously scratched his head.

“Why do you get so sensitive whenever you hear that woman’s name?”

“I already told you. That woman is a witch. There shouldn’t be such an unlucky woman sticking so close to His Grace. He has maintained a relationship with that woman for over a year already. He has never acted this way with any of his other women. There’s no mistake about it. His Grace has already fallen for her!”

“...I guarantee if you say such words in front of His Grace, you will lose your life.”

“I know! That’s why I’ve been quiet all this time!”

The direction of this guy’s loyalty had strayed off to a sour direction, Jerome thought. Although Jerome didn’t loathe the situation as much as Fabian, he didn’t feel very comfortable about that relationship, either. All of her husbands had died a year following their marriage due to unknown causes. They were perfectly healthy yet suddenly an accident would fall upon them. Thus, everyone in high society believed that she was cursed.

Also, the relationship between Countess Falcon and The Duke was different from the others. He would maintain sexual relations with Countess Falcon even while dating other women. He didn’t send her expensive gifts like he usually did. Even so, their ties remained strong. Now, it had been over a year.

Three months ago, he had broken up with Baron Lawrence’s daughter. So now, Countess Falcon was his sole bedside partner. If Fabian knew of this fact, he would be jumping around even more enraged than now, so Jerome kept it to himself.

“I’m going.”

“What are you going to do?”

Jerome took hold of Fabian. He had a bad feeling Fabian wouldn’t be quietly going home.

“I’m going to report my findings to the Duke.”

He wanted to force himself between the two no matter what. He received orders to do a background search on a princess a month ago. He didn’t understand why the Duke required such extensive research on this princess, but in any case, she was a girl. He planned to use his report to resist the witch.

The Duke hadn’t relayed any particular words to him while giving out the job, but he had asked about the progress two times already. It meant he was very interested in the report.

“You stay here. I’ll be back.”

“...You will go?”

“I will go and tell him that you have something important to report to him. If he is willing to return home, I will bring him here. If he wants to listen to it later, you go home quietly. How does that sound?”

“...Fine. Tell him it’s the report that he has pressed me about many times already.”

“I got it.”

Nine cases out of ten, he would decide to return home. If the Duke decided to listen to the report later, he would put some serious thought into the current situation. But those odds were slim. As Fabian stated, they had maintained a relationship for a long time. Before the Countess, there were no other cases like hers. But just for this small reason, he didn’t believe the Duke loved her in any way.

The Duke was a cold and heartless person. There had to be a reason why the Duke went to find the Countess, but that reason would not be an emotional one. That was why Jerome didn’t worry for the Duke like Fabian did.

***

On top of a wide bed, a man was slightly sitting up with a big cushion to his back, while he was reading some documents. On top of the man, a nude woman held his wide chest while she moved her hips.

“Ha...eung...ah... How is it?”

She seductively moaned while moving her hips and taking in his hard penis, but the man’s face, who was looking over some documents, remained unchanged.

“Useful.”

“Un...yes. You’re...too much. It took me...two months...to make it...”

Anita scowled at the man’s calm assessment, but he had not said it was ‘trash’, so it could be considered a compliment. Anita’s head jerked back as she continued to move her hips up and down. Whenever his hard length dug into her deepest parts, she let out a sharp yelp.

“How...is it?”

“It’s useful.”

“I’m...talking about that.”

He threw the documents to the floor and laughed. He squeezed her buttocks with his huge hands making her insides squeeze his length.

“This is useful too.”

“Yes...ah.... You’re...too stingy with your scores. Don’t...think that I never judge you either...”

“How is my score?”

“You’re...useful. Too.”

“Hmm.”

He smirked and took hold of her hips as he got up. The woman laid on the bed while he rode on top of her. He began thrusting his hips into her with great strength. As their flesh smashed together, loud slapping sounds filled the room while the woman screamed.

“Huuk! Aah! Aak!!”

The smooth female body clung onto him. He didn’t let the screaming female rest as he continued to thrust nonstop. He didn’t stop until the woman said she felt like dying. It was always the female who would raise the white flag to concede her loss.

The smouldering air remained hot around the whole bedroom. Anita giggled, snuggling into his wide chest with a satisfied smile.

She could feel the battle scars under those firm muscles of his. His appearance was hypnotizing; his experienced kisses and fondling technique made her burn with heat. He could easily last the whole night with his insanely strong endurance. There wasn’t a single flaw about him. She had met many men, but he stood out from the rest.

At first, she had been charmed by his background. He was the ruler of the North, the Duke of Taran. When would she ever get the chance to sleep with such a man? She had thought that way at first, but his identity was no longer important now. She was rather very frustrated by his high status in society.

Anita already knew he had ended his relationship with Sofia. When she bumped into Sofia at the Victory Ball, Sofia had glared at her like she was her mortal enemy, and she guessed the situation. Anita felt no enmity toward Sofia. Ironically, she felt pity that Sofia had turned into one of his past females. Anita anticipated that maybe Sofia would be able to gain his heart. Anita’s mind was split in two – she wished that he would fall in love with another female, but at the same time, she didn’t want it to happen.

The Duke of Taran wasn’t a famous playboy among high society. Unexpectedly, people did not know of his harem of females. He almost never maintained a relationship with those holding power. Sofia had been a rare case, where they had met through friends.

Sofia was a well-known woman, but she did not hold much power. The Baron of Lawrence did not have a strong family background, either. In other words, she was someone he could play around with and throw away whenever he wanted. Anita understood he always calculated to this extent.

Those, who had shared a sexual relationship with the Duke, never ended up in a happy marriage. Anita could understand the reason now. He was very good at sex. He could send a woman to heaven many times over on the same night. After having a taste of it once, no other man would be able to satisfy them.

Most would approach him being charmed by his power and high status, but as time passed, they would all fall for the man as a whole. Thus, women would continue to cling and obsess over him. In the end though, they would all be trashed.

He was like an icy cold fire. He may give a woman his body, but he would not give her even a little shard of his heart. When had it started? In the beginning, Anita had intended to enjoy the bodily pleasures, by the time she realized, she had already given him her heart. But as soon as she revealed her heart, he would throw her away like all the other women before her.

Therefore, Anita never revealed her own heart. She behaved like she needed him for material needs; it would remain as a give and take relationship. She never asked when she could see him again. She never contacted him first. That was how she could last over a year.

“You’ll sign a contract with me, right?”

Anita ran a merchant group. From time to time, he would tip her off and she would have fun investing here and there. Now, her merchant group had grown to a bigger scale and she had drawn up a contract, so he could become one of the investors. She behaved as if she needed him for her merchant group. In reality, she did have thoughts of profiting through him.

“I will review it.”

“What is this? I revealed all the core secrets of my merchant group! Must I offer more good will than this?” Anita slid her hands down his chest and rubbed his hips. She smoothly moved her hands toward his center and took hold of it.

“Aren’t I the one showing good will?”

“Oh my. How could you be so confident?”

Due to Anita stimulating him, his manhood began to stiffen once more. She brought herself to his chest and sucked his nipples. She licked around the nipples as she massaged his hard length.

“Can you insert it back there?”

When he raised his body, Anita hurriedly raised her butt. His hand pressed against her back as he drove deeply into her.

“Haa.... Ung...”

He entered and pulled out vigorously, while she licked her own lips imagining what was to come. Right then, someone knocked on the bedroom door.

“Madam, I have an urgent message for you.”

The voice from behind the door trembled. Anita gritted her teeth. Who dared to interrupt her precious time together with him? She had to whip her and chase her out first thing in the morning.

“I’ve informed you not to interrupt our time! Be gone!”

“The guest is looking for His Grace. He has requested an audience for some urgent business.”

A guest of the Duke? Anita looked at him with shocked eyes. She hoped he would reject this person, but after a brief moment of thought, he slid out of her. Anita yelped shortly from the momentary stimulation.

“Enter.”

Anita hid her disappointment and looked outside.

“Show him in.”

A moment later, a man opened the door and entered. The woman was dressed in a see-through gown, her chest in plain view as she lay in bed. Behind her, the Duke sat with his chest exposed. Jerome observed all this with a bored expression without blinking an eye, then bowed his head.

“Your Grace, I apologize for interrupting your time off.”

“What is it?”

“Fabian is waiting for you in the mansion with the report that Your Grace has requested. I am here to ask Your Grace’s opinion on the job you have inquired after many times before.”

“I understand. I’ll leave, so wait for me.”

Jerome left and Hugo got up from bed, while Anita’s face paled.

“You’re...leaving?”

“Where are my clothes?”

Her heart felt like it was being torn. She wanted to hold him back. She wanted to ask him to stay. Would the sky fall if he listened to the report tomorrow? He did not hesitate to return to work one bit. But she could not hold him back. If she clung onto him, he would push her away. Then, he would never come here again. He had frequented her home many times and her heart had unknowingly grown confident.

She wanted this man. She wanted this man so bad. Although it was her own wishful thinking, it felt like all her blood was drying up inside her.

“Are you still leaving when our bodies are aroused to this state?”

She smothered her large breasts onto him. His eyes did not shake upon her coquettishly seductive technique. He wore a light smile and lightly kissed her lips.

“Order them to bring me my clothes.”

Anita pouted her red lips. Still, she ordered her maids to bring his clothes, that had been neatly stored away. Anita personally assisted him while he dressed. She purposely touched him in certain places while fondling others.

“That’s enough.”

Upon his words, Anita recoiled in fright. He was looking down at her with such icy cold eyes. Usually, when Anita seduced other men that way, they would hastily undress and throw themselves on her. How could he cool down his body so fast? It seemed like his passion from before was a lie. Anita bit her lips with a bitter heart. She didn’t want the man to leave her life forever.

“You’re all done.”

Anita took two steps back and appreciated his appearance with a happy heart. His tall stature and proportionate body were accentuated by his clothes. Anita loved his body equally to his face. Just watching him made her feel delighted.

“I won’t be home for the next 10 days.”

Anita said with a conceited tone. If one were to try and tie such a man down, he would escape faster. Sometimes, one had to put some distance like this. Her response was a petty revenge for the man who left her with a cold shoulder. But she quickly regretted her petty behavior. He laughed quietly like he could see right through her.

Anita followed him out to her bedroom door. She never followed him out of her estate. When he came to visit her, she never met him by the door. It might have just been an action to protect her own pride.

After a while of standing in the darkness, Anita slowly made her way out to her balcony. His carriage was already a distance away. Even after the carriage had long disappeared, she stood motionlessly gazing in the distance.

(end)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 5
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 5

Shall We Marry? (3)

translated: iseuli

edited: lili

“That’s it?”

Hugo asked as he flipped through Fabian’s report, that consisted of only a few pages. It had been a month since the Duke had ordered him to investigate the princess. No other investigation had taken that long. He had come all this way in the dead of night; for all the effort he had gone through, he was very disappointed.

“There was barely anything to be investigated, so I was exercising my precaution. I’m sorry for not meeting your expectations.”

It was the first time Fabian had felt the limit of his own skills. It wasn’t the first time he did a background check on someone, but this time around, no matter how much he dug around, it was all for naught. She had been hidden away deep inside the royal palace, so it wasn’t easy to interact with her in the first place. Nobody knew about any Princess Vivian, so there wasn’t a starting point for his investigation.

Hugo no longer reprimanded Fabian. He understood Fabian’s skills well. He wasn’t a subordinate who would do a mediocre job, then make up excuses to hide his shortcomings.

The princess had grown up as a commoner until she was 12. Afterwards, she had entered the royal palace. On the surface, she had never left the royal palace since, neither had she made a debut among those of high society. However, once a week she would pretend to be a palace maid and leave for an errand. That was the information Fabian had collected this whole time.

‘Since she’s never made a formal debut in high society, how was she able to act so naturally during the Victory Ball?’

She had not made a name for herself in the Victory Ball, but it wasn’t a place any normal person could easily take on. She didn’t stand out in the party; at the same time, she did not make any mistakes or cause trouble for herself either.

“She wrote a permission slip of leave for herself and left just like that? Since when had it been that easy to escape the royal palace’s security?”

“The palace gate guards know her as a maid. There are too many royal children in the palace, so the amount of maids that enter and leave are too many to keep track of. They simply check whether they are taking anything out of the palace and that’s about it.”

He had wondered what she was doing each week, but she always went to the same place. She was going to a famous female novelist’s house every week. The female novelist lived a hermit’s life as well, and knew only one other person – the house maid.

“And I assume she has gotten the brat’s information from her?”

The existence of his son, Demian, was not a top secret, but it was not something a mere princess could come to know on a whim. Hugo had been suspicious over how the princess had come to know of it, thus he’d ordered the investigation.

“She is a famous author. It’s known through her novels that she understands high society very well. It seems she has some kind of connections with an informant, who delivers all the latest rumors of high society. I have not been able to confirm the identity of this person, but if you wish, I shall continue my investigations.”

“That’s fine. It’s not important. In the end, what I wanted to confirm was whether she’s really a princess or not.”

Most of the report was made by speculations. She was a princess with nothing to her name, but at the same time, everything about her was unclear. He skimmed through the pitiful report once more.

“Why are there no maids residing with her?”

“There had been many palace maids that had worked by her side... But most of them left or were reassigned after a few days for an unknown reason.”

“Are you sure there isn’t anyone pulling any strings behind the scenes?”

“There’s no mistake. I’ve investigated high and low, but she has no connections with any factions within the royal palace.”

There was no way to get a more thorough report than this. Hugo was lost in thoughts for a moment. It didn’t take him too long to make his decision. He had gone about this like any of his other responsibilities, in a quick and orderly manner.

“Since she leaves the palace the same time every week, she will probably leave tomorrow. Bring her here.”

“Huh...? Tomorrow...?”

It was his day off tomorrow.

“Is there a problem?”

“...No. Your Grace.”

His stubbornness had resulted in karma taking away his day off. Fabian gritted his teeth, absolutely certain that this was also a part of that witch’s curse.

***

“How did that thing go?”

Norman quietly inquired while peeking at Lucia.

“What thing?”

“The thing about the two paths you asked about last week. Wasn’t it about you? I don’t know the details very well, but is it something that’s difficult to talk to me about?”

“...Yes, I’m sorry.”

“It’s fine. Everyone has a secret or two. There are times when you must keep a secret from your loved ones and family. It just seemed like you were struggling with something... I just wanted to know if you were okay.”

Norman’s job was to understand other people’s emotions and thoughts. She could see into others easily with great accuracy. Although Ms. Phil always had a sour expression, Norman had no trouble understanding her; whereas Lucia, no matter how many times she met Ms. Phil, she couldn’t see anything past that sour expression.

“Your words from last time helped me a lot. I decided to take the gamble. Currently, I’m waiting for the results.”

“I see. If you hear good news, you must tell me.”

“Yes, I promise to do so. But Norman, these days, sometimes my heart doesn’t feel like my own heart. The person that is related to me... I will tell you the current situation. It’s my father.”

Including the time she’d met her father at 12, adding to it the event in her dream, she had only met him twice. Her father was but a mystery to her.

“My father neglects me. He doesn’t starve me to death, and feeds me well. However, I’ve only met him once when I was 12 and that was it. All this time I never thought much of it. I thought it wouldn’t matter because it’s no different than having no father at all.”

One year. Only one year was left. After one year, the Emperor would die.

“I’ve always thought that person had nothing to do with me. But these days I can’t help but feel endless loathing for him... Or something similar to that.”

She wanted to enter the inner palace where the Emperor resided and say to his face, ‘You will die soon.’ She kept feeling the atrocious desire to see his face contort.

She was but one of his many children. It was not like she was born out of love. If only he had shown a little bit of care, she would not have been sold off into such a marriage.

“I feel like if that person dies, I will feel very gratified. Even though he is my father... I really shouldn’t be thinking this way, right?”

“What are you talking about? You call that kind of person a father?”

Norman gazed at Lucia with calm and sad eyes.

“It’s okay to hate him. It’s okay to pour a cup of water and curse him away(1). As long as the pain in your heart goes away, that’s fine. As long as that feeling doesn’t eat away at your heart, it’s okay to hate that person.”

Lucia’s eyes gradually grew red. It was all Norman’s fault. She had never known affection in her life. A total stranger like Norman had showed so much affection and care to Lucia, she couldn’t help but compare Norman with her father. Through Norman’s care and friendship, the seed of hate for her father had grown. Norman carefully sat next to Lucia and embraced her tight with both arms.

“Lucia. You always act older than you really are. Life is short. Even when you live your life doing what you want, you won’t be able to do everything. As long as it’s not killing someone, don’t hold yourself back, but do everything you want. This is my advice as your senior in life.”

Lucia burst out laughing. Technically, Lucia was Norman’s senior in life. Lucia opened her arms and hugged Norman. Although Norman was very skinny, her embrace felt cozy and snug. Lucia felt happier in this life than in the life within her dream. Just by getting to know Norman, Lucia believed she had succeeded in her second life.

***

She was making her way back to the royal palace. A man casually blocked the road in front of her. He was a young man with dark brown hair. Bowing his head towards Lucia, he handed her a white envelope.

She hesitated for a moment before she received it. Inside, the envelope was empty. But on the front side, there was a black lion emblem.

At this point, he would have finished his investigation of her. It wasn’t surprising they figured out her regular schedule of leaving the palace.

“I’ve come to escort you.”

She could recognize who this person was due to his cold midnight blue eyes from her dream.

‘Fabian.’

He was the Duke of Taran’s personal aide. There were only a few powerful nobles sitting together at the center of power within the Dukedom of Taran. The Duke limited the power of everyone around him and disallowed any room for concession. Roy Krotin was among the top well-known nobles of the Taran Dukedom, and just below him was Fabian.

He managed all of the Duke’s daily tasks; he was the highest ranked secretary and aide. There was a widespread rumor that Fabian held the responsibilities for accepting or rejecting social party invitations. Therefore, no matter how high and mighty a noble might be, they would bow down and prostrate themselves in front of Fabian.

“Right...now?”

“Our Lord has requested a more in-depth discussion than last time’s. You may reject this invitation, I will return alone.”

Lucia looked over to the two people waiting for her by a carriage. The carriage didn’t have a single window nor the duke’s emblem. If Lucia were to get onto this carriage and disappear, nobody would be able to find out that she had been done in by the Duke of Taran.

‘How thorough. I’m a little scared.’

Lucia stepped into the carriage without another word. The carriage took off and a short while later, it stopped. Someone opened the door from outside. Lucia recognized that it was the Duke of Taran’s mansion. She had been there only once, but she could recognize some familiar landmarks.

“Please come this way.”

A different man with the exact same midnight blue eyes as Fabian escorted Lucia into the mansion.

While Lucia waited in the receiving room, Fabian went to knock on his Lord’s door.

“We’ve escorted her here.”

“Is she alone?”

“Yes.”

“Did she follow peacefully?”

“Yes.”

Hugo chuckled. She was a humorous lady. She looked like an uncommon person from the moment she welcomed herself to the Duke’s home on her own; today as well, nobody would know the fact that she had been escorted to the Duke’s home. She seemed to have no fear as to what could happen to her.

Hugo was supporting his chin with one hand while drumming his desk with the other. The marriage with her had perked his interest, but he was not desperate to get married at the moment. Although he had ordered a thorough investigation, there remained many mysteries about that woman. She didn’t seem too suspicious, but that didn’t mean he could easily overlook this fact. At the same time, it wasn’t much of a problem. He never put his trust in anyone in the first place.

It didn’t change the fact that he had to get married. Whether he got married now or later didn’t change anything. It wouldn’t matter who that person was. Therefore, Hugo tossed a coin. If she rode the carriage and arrived at his home, it would be heads. If she rejected, that would mean tails. He preferred heads. He had decided on his life changing decision that way.

Currently, Lucia was enjoying the crackers and tea that were served by the man who had escorted her here. The tea was very fragrant and the crackers were seriously delicious. Lucia thought she would be able to live a happy life if she had just these two things.

“You are a very good cook. These are the most delicious things I’ve tasted in my life.”

Following Lucia’s compliment, the man momentarily paused before answering.

“I’m glad they suit your taste.”

She had already finished half of the crackers he’d served very happily; Jerome looked at Lucia thinking she was a unique young miss.

He had served many guests before, but it was the first time he met someone as relaxed as her. Generally, they would be too nervous to touch the food and barely sipped the tea. If he knew she was a princess, he would have been even more surprised.

While Lucia was happily stuffing her mouth with crackers, the receiving room’s door suddenly opened. She quickly stood up when she noticed it was the Duke of Taran. He greeted Lucia with his usual frosty expression and took a seat directly in front of her. He waved his hand and Jerome nodded, seeing himself out of the room. Now, only two people remained in this wide receiving room.

“Please have a seat.”

Lucia plopped herself down in shock. Her mouth was stuffed to the brim with crackers at the moment. She had no way of spitting them out, so she started chewing them as fast as she could. She had swallowed too quickly and felt herself choke, so she started chugging down her tea. He waited quietly without a word, but that made her even more embarrassed, causing her face to flush.

When she finished ingesting the crackers, he placed a huge envelope onto the table and pushed it to her side. He nodded his head, signaling her to look inside. She did so and took out some documents. She pushed down her embarrassed feelings and calmly read over the documents.

‘She should be 18 now.’

Her physical appearance fit her age, but at times she seemed much more mature than her age. It was true that those from the royal family and high society matured quickly, but there was something different about her.

Hugo began truly inspecting the young miss for the first time. Before, he had simply confirmed her physical traits like her hair color and general face structure. This time, he took his time inspecting her as a woman.

She wasn’t ugly, but she wasn’t an impeccable beauty either. The only thing that stood out was her eye color. At first glance, it seems golden, but it looked more like an orange pumpkin colored jewel.

But that was it. Her looks or body did not entice him at all. It was probably for this reason that he agreed to take her as his wife.

Inside the envelope were two documents. A parental custody waiver and a family registry agreement. Those were the two most precious documents for a female. Usually women had no knowledge of the law, but they were educated on those two things to the last dot. Including divorce papers, they were never to sign those things so easily. Those documents symbolized all the power a woman held.

“As per Princess’ request, these are the two documents that you must sign.”

“...This is it? How about the other things we’ve talked about last time...?”

“Other than these two, there is nothing else we can officially document.”

“Really? Do you not need freedom in your personal life? Will it be okay to cling onto you and love you?”

She had her eyes opened wide while asking these questions like an ignorant child, and he instantly felt a grand amount of stress build up inside his chest. He abhorred nonsense conversations or lame jokes. He hated it when people tested out the waters uselessly. He had no thoughts to leave any loopholes in this contract.

“Then I shall add those two as well as a verbal contract.”

Unexpectedly, she wasn’t shocked by his words at all. She nodded while in serious thought and held a pen to sign the documents, inversely shocking him.

“Hold on. What are you doing right now?”

“You told me to sign it...”

“I’ve told you my conditions of the contract, so you must have your conditions as well, don’t you?”

“It’s okay to add my own conditions as well?”

“Of course. A contract only beneficial to one side cannot be established in the first place.”

He wanted a contract, not to swindle someone. Lucia fell in deep thought. She’d never thought of this at all. Her only goal was to marry him. Since he offered, she didn’t want to reject. It would be too wasteful.

“Do you need time? Just for your information, if this contract isn’t completed today, everything will be canceled.”

“Why?

“Whether this will be a profiting contract is not for certain and there are too many variables.”

He had to reorganize everything to meet the princess again and reschedule everything in his life around her; it was just too troublesome. This marriage agreement was on a whim. One never knew how his feelings might change tomorrow.

“Is it okay if I ask you one thing? Why do you hate a woman’s love?”

He gazed at her without word and Lucia wondered if she’d stepped on a painful memory, while returning a meek gaze.

“Did I...ask something you didn’t want to talk about?”

“It’s the first time a woman has asked me such a question and I just found it interesting. I don’t hate it. Usually, women hope for their love to be returned. I am unable to do so, thus I told them not to love me.”

What painful memory? He was just egotistical to the bones. If the women didn’t expect their love to be returned, then that meant it would be okay to love him one-sidedly. He should try and suffer a love that would make him cry out in blood.

To her regret, she did not have such skills. It seemed impossible to change his way of thinking. He was a man who had the whole world in his hands.

“I thought of something.”

“There’s a blank document you may use to write the conditions for this marriage.”

“That’s fine. I don’t need documentation. All I need is your promise with the Duke’s honor on the line.

He feigned a laugh.

“The Duke’s honor, you say? That’s a level higher than something like documentation. So what are your conditions?”

“There are only two conditions. First, please promise me you will not abuse me physically or mentally. I am not saying this to insult Your Grace at all, please don’t misunderstand.”

Because of the memories inside her dream, Lucia wanted a safety wall to protect herself.

His facial expression as he had been looking at Lucia all this time, turned a great degree uglier. Did she believe that he was a man who would physically hurt and insult his own woman? It felt a bit unpleasant, but she stated she wasn’t trying to insult him, so he decided to believe her. It was a simple condition of the contract after all.

“How about the second?”

“Secondly... I will do my best. However, sometimes humans are unable to control their hearts. Maybe it is easy for Your Grace. If you believe that I am unable to control my heart, please give me a rose.”

What in the world... It was impossible to know what this woman was thinking. Hugo thought once more that he really wanted to pry open her mind to see what was inside. He could understand that she had never formed a contract with another party before.

This was clearly a contract intended to benefit both parties. Up until now, he had only agreed to contracts that were beneficial to himself. It had always been that way. He had the upper hand in this contract. But it was not because of his negotiating skills, but because the person in front of him was too immature to notice this.

It would be her own fault if she signed a contract that would be beneficial unilaterally. He had no reason to become her adviser nor a morally righteous person. It was not anyone’s obligation to be morally right. He had thought so his whole life.

But he had at least a little bit of conscience while dealing with her. He decided to advise her on this unilaterally beneficial contract.

“Why don’t you decide on some more realistic conditions? Princess, you’re not aware of the price of these documents.”

Usually, when a man asked his wife to sign a parental custody waiver and a family registry agreement, a grand amount of money would need to change hands.

“I am aware. These two documents are expected to be priced very high.”

“...That is so.”

“I will be the Duke’s wife, so all my life necessities will be taken care of. Other than life necessities, I have no need for other things.”

For the words ‘life necessities’ to come out of a princess’s mouth was refreshing but shocking.

“The first condition...fine. But what is the purpose of the second condition?”

“To me, there is a purpose. In life, there are many times when things you cannot touch become much more important than any materialistic things. Though that doesn’t mean I dislike materialistic things; I’m not taking money lightly. Money, of course it is important. We all need money. Without money, living becomes very hard. But as long as one has enough money to get by, there is no difference between the people that have a little more and those that have less.”

He feigned a laugh.

“You talk like you’ve already lived a lifetime. Princess, this is my conjecture based on your age and experience, but that’s not possible, so where did you learn this rubbish philosophy?”

Lucia jumped upon hearing, ‘like you’ve already lived a lifetime’.

“It’s fine to call it rubbish philosophy. Anyway, these are my conditions. I believe these are not too difficult.”

Not too difficult? They were ridiculously simple. No matter from which angle, this contract was unilaterally beneficial.

“...Fine. I understand Princess’ conditions and I agree to them.”

Lucia had been nervous and had held her breath. She let out a long sigh of relief. She immediately signed the two documents in front of her and slid them back to him. He looked over them quickly and put them away.

“With this, our engagement has been completed. If you wish an authorized...”

“No. I don’t need them. Um, I got it. I will assume that we are now engaged.”

The word ‘engagement’ seemed too grand. Lucia felt strange.

‘Then...now I am... Duke Hugo Taran’s fiancée.’

It was not like they were married yet, but it was doubtful that he would break the engagement. She had made it through to the end, although the success rate was very low. Her deeply moved emotions showed plainly on her face. Hugo, who had been watching her, wondered, ‘Is she the type to obsess over honor?’

(t/n: Hugo had been talking in polite form all this time. Suddenly at this point, he drops any polite forms of speech)

“The sun is down, you should return. You didn’t obtain a two day permission slip, did you?”

Was it her own imagination? His speech pattern...

“Slipping out by pretending to be a maid. Don’t think of doing something as cute in the future.”

...It was not her imagination.

“Why are you suddenly...”

‘...Talking down to me?’ was too straightforward. Then how about ‘talking so rudely’? He seemed to have read her mind before she spoke out, and relaxed his back on the sofa.

“With my woman, I don’t speak formally nor with honorifics.”

Lucia’s face flushed.

“...When did I ever become Your Grace’s...woman?”

“Ever since you were promoted as my fiancée.”

“But we haven’t married yet! Before marriage, anything could happen!”

“Don’t you understand the definition of an engagement? In the Taran family’s tradition there is no such thing as a divorce. Of course, that means there is no such thing as a broken engagement, either.”

If his retainers were around to hear this conversation, they would have wondered whether there was such a tradition.

“E...even so. How come you can’t speak to your fiancée with honorifics? Why not? Is that your Taran family’s tradition as well?”

“I will not.”

“...”

There was no way for her to understand that man. At first, she thought he was a scary man. She thought he was a playboy who liked playing around with women’s hearts. Then, she believed he was a man with basic manners. She wondered whether he could be a more honorable man than her first impression. After meeting him today, she saw that he was very logical and didn’t let his emotions run over his decisions. But now, she had...no idea.

“I’ve said you’re not allowed to leave the royal palace with a maid’s permission slip. Why aren’t you listening?”

“...What if I still leave? What will you do?”

“If you’re curious why don’t you try?”

“...”

Yes. There was nothing more accurate than a first impression. Threatening other people was his life motto. She wondered why she had believed in this man to marry him. The amazement from before had turned into unease. Whether she had hit the jackpot or hit a landmine, her gamble results were still a mystery.

“...This is so sudden... Can’t I meet just one person one last time?”

Rather than ignoring his request, she asked for his permission. She had decided it was the best way to go about this.

“What is your plan after meeting her? That female author doesn’t know that my dear is a princess.”

Lucia was shocked twice in a row. First, because he knew of Norman. Second, because he had called her ‘dear’ so naturally.

“Still... I want to say my last goodbye.”

“I’m not asking you to leave her forever. Our engagement has yet to be announced. Before everything is official, I don’t want to deal with any unnecessary rumors floating around.”

“Then is it okay to go meet her after our wedding?”

Lucia looked up at him with sparkling eyes, causing him to flinch.

“...Yes. It’s fine later on. But don’t spill a word about today’s contract, ever.”

“Of course, I never had such intentions. Your Grace, you are much more understanding than I originally thought.”

“...Last time you thought of me as a promiscuous man and this time it’s understanding? How pitiful of a human being am I inside that head of yours?

“...Sorry. That wasn’t my intention.”

Hugo watched Lucia, who had been hesitating all this time, with eyes of wonder. After spending time with her, he understood why he had felt incompatible with others before. In general, people feared and shrank away from him. Whether they were female or not didn’t matter. The women he dated would act coquettishly on the outside, but they remained distant in their hearts. This girl however, conversed with him with much ease.

However, nothing was definite yet. Maybe it was because she was unfamiliar with him. He thought she’d never heard of his rumors before. If she’d heard even a little fraction of his rumors, the way she looked at him would change. People considered him a monster. But most of all, he had no thoughts of refuting those rumors.

***

Five days after her return to the Royal Palace, Lucia found out an amazing fact.

‘He hasn’t stated whether the wedding would be six months or a whole year later. Until I get married, I won’t be able to go visit nor talk to Norman... She will be so worried about me.’

After a lot of contemplation, she decided to write a letter.

‘I’ll ask him to deliver the letter for me. He could read it over before delivering it. He would probably agree with these conditions.’

– Norman. I’m sorry to send you my message of goodbye through a letter like this. Please don’t worry about me. I’m living a very healthy and good life. However, due to some important issues in my life, I won’t be able to contact you. Please don’t try to find me, and wait for me. We will be able to meet again one day for sure. I promise it won’t be for too long. We’ve shared a friendship that will last our whole lifetime together.

I worry when you stay up too late writing your novels. It’s not good for your health for your days and nights to be inversed. Please be wary of your health.

With eternal friendship.

Even if someone other than Norman happened to read this, they wouldn’t be able to obtain any new or important information. Norman could recognize Lucia’s handwriting, so she would feel relieved after receiving this letter.

After she finished writing, she looked out her window to the blue sky; there wasn’t a single cloud in sight.

“It seems like a good day for laundry.”

***

Lucia was drenched in sweat from working all morning. She removed all the beddings and curtains from her palace for cleaning. She carried large wooden basins and filled them with soapy water at the front of her detached palace. She placed all the blankets and curtains in various basins, stepping on them to rinse out all the impurities. She busied herself all morning with manual labor and she was feeling quite refreshed. Lucia was stomping on the laundry while humming a tune through her nose.

“Are you a child working here?”

Lucia lifted her head upon a strange woman’s voice. She looked like a palace maid judging by her uniform. Labor maids and palace maids wore different colored uniforms, though their overall design was the same.

‘What is a palace maid doing here?’

Lucia stared at the palace maid with shocked eyes, not knowing what to do, while the palace maid spoke with a cold interrogating tone.

“Why aren’t you answering? It seems you are a child that works here, but this is the first time I’ve seen you. Is the Princess inside?

‘She’s looking for me...? Why? Actually, what am I supposed to say in this situation?’

Almost nobody knew of Princess Vivian’s real face. In her current state, the palace maid would never believe that Lucia was the princess.

“Alright. Hurry up and answer. Are you unable to speak? We have an honored guest here who wishes to meet with the princess.

‘Honored guest? A guest for me?’

It was the first time a guest had come to visit the detached palace.

“I never knew that laundry was one of the requirements for a refined lady.”

It was a familiar low-pitched tone from somewhere. There was no way it could be that person, so Lucia froze in place. She craned her neck up with much struggle. It felt like all her bones had suddenly rusted in place. A person who shouldn’t have been here, was standing right there. Raven black hair and scarlet red eyes. He wore a black coat over a blue shirt that complimented his black hair. He gazed at her without much of an expression.

Lucia’s soul had left her body at the moment.

“How terrible that a servant is unable to recognize a princess. It’s because you have such a strange hobby, Princess.”

When the truth dawned on all the palace maids present, their faces turned into a black ashen tone. Lucia saw and was sure she looked just like them at the moment.

“H...hello... What are you...doing here...?”

“First, let’s talk after you get out of there.”

Lucia was shocked senseless. In the process of trying to rush out, she slipped and flopped onto the floor. She didn’t fall in an unsightly matter nor did it hurt, but she was seriously embarrassed.

Her face felt hot; she looked up with a wary heart. He was staring down at her with his arms crossed. He remained emotionless as usual, but she couldn’t help thinking how pathetic she seemed to him.

As he drew closer, Lucia froze from his sudden presence. He stood next to the wooden basin and offered a helping hand. She stared at his hand with a confused expression and looked up at his face. She had to crane her neck very far to see his face. He was already tall to begin with; at the moment, he felt like a giant. He was very tall with a large frame, but it didn’t affect his quick reflexes.

He wondered why she wasn’t accepting his hand and wrinkled his brows with a scolding expression. Lucia grabbed his hand quickly in the spur of the moment. His hand was huge. Her hand looked like a child’s inside his palm. He easily hoisted her up with one sweeping pull.

Lucia escaped the wooden basin, but now she was barefoot. All this time, his gaze was stuck to her feet. Lucia followed his gaze down to her own feet, her ears going red with embarrassment.

“Aah!”

When her body rose in the air, Lucia screamed in shock.

“You’ll get soapy water onto your clothes!”

She yelled in fear that his expensive clothes would be dirtied, but he acted like he hadn’t heard her at all as he headed inside her palace. Lucia didn’t struggle in his hold and meekly left her body in his care. Hugo glanced down at her, who looked like she wanted to cry, and a slight smile spread upon his lips. But it disappeared the same moment.

(end)

(1) It’s okay to pour a cup of water and curse him away. – I’m assuming these actions are referring to witch craft.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 6
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Chapter 6

Shall We Marry? (4)

translated by: iseuli

edited by: lili

Lucia let Hugo wait in the receiving room, while she returned to her bedroom to change.

“Princess, where are your maids?”

“Um... You see...”

When she mumbled out the reasons to the maids following behind her, their faces paled into a blue hue. The top palace maids were usually the ones responsible for assigning palace duties among themselves. Thus, they would be the first ones to be punished following today’s events.

While she was changing, the maids put in all their efforts to care for her. They were doing anything possible in order to lighten their punishment.

Lucia feigned ignorance. They were the ones who chose not to carry out their duties. She didn’t have any intention to call them out for this, but she didn’t intend to protest if they were to be punished.

The palace maids who were here today were not here because they were worried about her. They were here because they feared the honored guest who was visiting. In other words, they were afraid of the princess who had the backing of a powerful Duke.

In the receiving room, Lucia looked at the tea served by the palace maids with amazed eyes. They actually had such skills. There was no tea in this palace, but they managed to get a hold of some and prepare it so fast. How long had it been since she’d drunk tea served by the palace maids?

He looked to the corners of the receiving room; two palace maids were standing in each corner. They were ready to carry out any orders and they were here so that an unmarried princess would not be alone in a room with another man.

“Have you been well? From your strength before, you seemed to be well.”

Lucia’s face flushed red upon the Duke’s greeting.

“Yes, Your Grace. Have you been well? I was shocked from your sudden visit.”

“I’ve just followed your example.”

He was currently pointing out her previous action of suddenly visiting the Duke’s mansion. She was the one in the wrong, so she couldn’t say anything. This guy really held his grudges.

‘So when there are other people around... he will speak formally to me.’

It was not a surprising action, but it felt like he was being very kind toward her. It seemed his sudden change of tone shocked her quite a bit.

“I have some important things to discuss with you, so it would be better if you could replace those maids with your most trusted servants instead.”

“Huh? Ah... I don’t have any maids with me at the moment...”

“Did they leave for a task? There isn’t a single one?”

To be precise, she didn’t have any maids at all. However, Lucia just nodded her head. He thought silently for a moment, then stood up.

“Would you be alright with going for a light walk?”

Lucia glanced at the two maids on standby and stood up as well. The only place they could walk around was the tiny garden by the palace, but if they distanced themselves a bit, they would be able to talk without being overheard.

“Why are you personally overseeing your maids’ duties? Have you mistaken yourself as a maid? You even leave the palace with a maid’s permission slip.”

As soon as they were alone, he dropped all formalities. It seemed it was his own style to talk casually when they were alone. It was shocking last time, but listening to him talk that way a second time, it felt like they had grown a bit closer and it didn’t feel so bad.

“...There’s no one else around to do it.”

“What are the maids doing then?”

“Um.... That is... Truthfully... I live here alone.”

“...You don’t have maids?”

“I don’t.”

“In this detached palace, you live alone?”

“Yes.”

“How about your meals and cleaning? Do you take care of those yourself?”

“...Yes. It’s not too tiring. I’m not looking after others, I only need to take care of myself after all...”

“Do you think that makes sense?”

He had been suppressing his voice all this time. He suddenly burst out in roaring laughter.

“Since when?”

“...It has been several years now.”

“Unbelievable.”

So that was what it meant when Fabian reported that she had no other maids residing in the palace with her. He had assumed she had a unique personality that caused people to run away.

Although she was low in rank, she was still royalty. It didn’t make sense that a person of royal descent wouldn’t have a single servant. That was a major mistake on the administrators’ side. It was mind-boggling that they would handle the administration of palace workers so poorly. If the subordinates working under him carried out their duties in such a manner, they would be killed by him on the spot without another word.

“What important things did you want to discuss with me?”

“His majesty has given his permission for our marriage. When the exact date of the wedding is decided, I will let you know ahead of time. You won’t have to wait longer than a month.”

He felt fatigued after a long morning struggling with the Emperor to get the upper hand. The Emperor had never bothered himself with the princess before, but during the exchange he had spoken of her like the most precious daughter of his royal palace. The Emperor’s mind was full of greedy intentions as the intense war of nerves had kept going for a while. In the end, they had compromised on terms they both agreed with.

She had said the Emperor would not remember her existence. During their discussion, it was clear as day that the Emperor didn’t know who she was. His lies were too obvious. Hugo had referred to her as ‘the 16th princess’ from beginning to end, being careful not to reveal her name. The Emperor as a result, referred to his daughter as ‘the 16th princess’ until the end, without being able to bring up her name once throughout the whole proceedings.

Right about now, the Emperor would be busy trying to find out the identity of the ‘16th princess.’ Though in reality, it would be the servants under him that would be running around the palace like their feet were on fire.

Hugo didn’t understand why, but he felt great irritation toward the Emperor. He never liked him to begin with, but held no grudges against him either. Even though he was a father, how negligent could he have been that a lone girl had to walk into a man’s house for his hand in marriage like that. Inside her own palace, she had to do her own laundry and clean with her own two hands. She was clearly being discriminated against even with her royal identity.

He empathized with her distress a little, while agreeing with Kwiz’ malicious criticism of the Emperor; the Emperor only knew how to piss his seeds in the palace.

“...You’re incredibly... fast with taking care of business.”

Lucia had to take some time to understand his words. She had thought it would take at least half a year to finalize everything. This speed was astonishing.

“I will look into what happened with the maids.”

“You don’t need to. Even if you don’t act, someone will be punished eventually. If Your Grace personally gets involved, everyone will end up with a harsher punishment. I don’t wish for such an end.”

“The people who didn’t properly carry out their duties should be rightfully punished. You’re being uselessly tolerant.”

“You might think so, but I liked living alone in this palace. I had complete control of my freedom. In the end, you’ve also benefited as a result.”

“...How so?”

“This marriage. Aren’t you satisfied with our deal? I believe it’s the reason you were able to close the deal so fast. If I remained quietly in the palace, I would have never been able to offer this marriage, either.”

She had a strong spirit. Where could such strong willpower come from such a small body? She seemed like a good candidate to become the lady of the house. Hugo dazedly started picturing her future as Taran Dukedom’s lady of the house.

“As soon as our marriage becomes official, I plan to return to the North. We will remain there for a while.”

The Duke of Taran’s territory was located in the North. It was a wide, barren land with unending wars.

“I don’t plan to hold a wedding ceremony. What are your thoughts on this?”

Without the ceremony, all they would need to do was get a couple of people to witness the two sign their names onto a marriage certificate. She didn’t want to walk down the church aisle holding her father’s hand. The only person who would want to congratulate Lucia for her wedding would be Norman, but because of her commoner status, she wouldn’t be able to attend. Lucia didn’t care how their marriage would be settled.

“Yes, that’s fine.”

Any other woman would have been jumping with anger if their wedding was composed of signing documents. A marriage was something women dreamed of their entire lives. However, this wasn’t a common marriage, as one party was shamelessly leading it, while the other party agreed like it was some trivial matter.

“Your Grace, I have one request. It’s about Norman... the female author you’re familiar with. I’ve written a simple letter to her. Would it be alright if your people delivered it for me? There isn’t any significant information in it. It’s alright if you read the contents as well. If we are going to the north, it will be some time before I’m able to contact her again. I don’t want her to worry about me.”

“That’s fine. Hand me your letter, I will deliver it for you.”

It became strangely quiet and Hugo looked away while his eyebrows twitched. Lucia had been staring at him with eyes that were flowing with overwhelming gratitude as she held her two hands together. Those were the same eyes he would get from females after he gifted them expensive jeweled necklaces. In fact, Lucia’s eyes were sparkling with even more blinding joy.

“Thank you, Your Grace. Your Grace is much more considerate than I thought- I mean you are a gracious person as I originally thought.”

This female didn’t fear him, but she had thought of him as a shameless villain. It seemed very simple to change her prejudiced view of him as a villain to that of a good human being.

He was confused whether it was something to celebrate or not. Anyway, he felt very strange at the moment. However, it wasn’t an unpleasant feeling.

‘It seems I won’t have to spend too much money.’

He lightly cleared his throat and spoke.

“You will need to move out of here. This place is too isolated and with poor security. The news that I’ve come by will travel quickly. Those who are interested in me won’t leave you alone. Many guests will come to find you.”

“...I see.”

“Don’t stray off on your own, be good and stay home. Don’t agree to meet everyone who wants to see you.”

How was it possible for a person to speak so unkindly? As if she were a stupid girl, like he was speaking to his subordinate. Earlier, Lucia had seen him in a new gentle light, but now all those feelings were no more. All the charming points he’d managed to gather, had gone in the negative.

‘It’s weird... that I don’t hate him...’

Was this the charm that had all those women clinging onto him? He was selfish and rude, but he didn’t feel disagreeable.

“Yes. Do you have any other commands?”

He paused for a moment and answered, “No,” with a smile.

This woman was definitely different somehow. She always spoke her mind about everything, but remained dutiful during the important moments. Yet at the same time, she wasn’t servile. He found the shameless and proud bunch unpleasant, but he disdained those who groveled while licking his shoes. It was difficult to find the perfect balance between those two points. She was a satisfactory person for the contract.

***

The Duke returned to his mansion and made his way to the receiving room. Jerome and Fabian followed him in. Hugo took off his coat, while Jerome took it and left the room. Fabian, who had been keeping quiet all this time, suddenly opened his mouth and a flood of words spilled out.

“Where did you go? I’ve told you that you shouldn’t go off alone in secret. Is it so hard to at least let us know where you are going?”

Fabian was the only person brave enough to nag at Hugo. Even the vassals whose hair turned gray from old age didn’t have the bravery to do so. Hugo would often imagine slicing this guy’s chest open to see it filled with nothing but guts(1).

“Didn’t you say it was your day off today?”

Fabian kept to his scheduled hours like it was the law. After working five days, he would make sure to get a day off. Fabian stated his family was as important as his duties under the Duke. He was the only person who would shamelessly state that to the Duke’s face.

Even so, Fabian never hesitated to follow the Duke into months long wars. Fabian wasn’t an underhanded or calculating fellow by nature. He never refused important duties, but still made sure to get all the additional side benefits in the process. In this manner, Fabian and Jerome, although brothers, were complete opposites.

“You didn’t say anything about leaving the house yesterday. If you brought it up, I would have assisted you.”

“I went to the palace.”

Fabian let out a sigh. How could a Duke enter the palace without a single attendant by his side? He wasn’t like this because he was worried dangers would befall the Duke. There probably wasn’t an existence that could get rid of the Duke by physical force under the heavens.

This wasn’t the battlefield. Even without a sword, this place had countless other ways to kill a person. A small pretext to an event could snowball into a huge disaster.

The Taran family was originally neutral to all political factions. But it was different this time. It was the first time in history that the Taran family decided to support a side. It wasn’t publicly announced as of yet, but holding hands with the crown prince was the same thing as stepping into the whirlpool of power struggles between the different factions.

The crown prince had many enemies. Everyone was eyeing them, looking for the smallest fault in order to create havoc. The nobles with strong political power never went around alone. There had to be an eyewitness around, in case something happened.

There were times when the Duke would be too callous. The person who would have to run around tying all the loose ends was Fabian. The Duke didn’t show any care to the circumstances at all. After ordering Fabian to settle the problem, he wouldn’t put his mind on the topic again. There wasn’t anything more annoying than finding the Duke going around by himself.

“...Did you go visit the Crown Prince?”

“Hmm? Ah... I should have done so since it was on the way.”

“If you didn’t need to visit the Crown Prince, what was your reason...?”

“I’m getting married. I just got permission from His Majesty.”

“...”

Fabian took deep breaths. He had his mouth shut tight as only rude words would come out at the moment.

“With that princess?”

“Yes.”

“When?”

“Probably within a month’s time”

One month? Fabian tried his best to suppress his chest heating up with anger.

During war, he was his adjutant. During regular day to day life, he was his aide. He had always known this about the Duke, but the Duke would often throw him into a random situation without a single explanation. In other words, the Duke would make all the decisions, then he would be responsible for making it all happen.

“Don’t let this spread around the Kingdom.”

“...Huh?”

“As soon as we finish the necessary documents, we will be leaving for the North.”

‘And when did you decide this?’ Fabian was despondent over having to organize a moving company to the North. Fortunately, he had one month to take care of everything.

“There’s no reason for people from the Dukedom to come over for the wedding. A simple note of my marriage will be enough.”

He had decided that none of his retainers needed to attend the wedding. Fabian thought of the few people who would be shocked senseless and felt pity for them.

The current Lord and Duke of the Taran family ruled like a dictator. There was nobody else that could act as prideful and self-righteous as Taran’s Duke.

Fabian honored his Lord as the Duke, but as a human being, he wanted nothing to do with him. The Duke easily stepped over people’s lives. One should not even hope for something like consideration or benevolence.

He felt great sympathy for the princess who would become the Duke’s wife. If the Duke’s wife was hoping for anything out of this marriage, she would live a very sad life.

“Didn’t we have an island? With a mine?”

“...Are you talking about the diamond mine at archipelagos islands at Saint?”

“Yes. Prepare that as the dowry.”

“...Your Grace, that is too much....”

Fabian couldn’t keep quiet as usual. This wasn’t just extreme, this was severe. Fabian had been in charge of investigating, so he was aware of every detail of the situation. That was a lowly princess whom the Emperor could not even remember. Her birth mother’s identity was ambiguous, and she didn’t have a single relative.

“I’ve already concluded the discussions with the Emperor. We won’t hold a separate wedding. We will settle everything with documents.”

“...”

He was at a loss for words. This wasn’t a simple bill; how could the nation’s Duke not hold a wedding ceremony? Although he was not someone of royal birth, she was still a princess. Wouldn’t it be the same as mocking the royal family? All the same, he was just as equally speechless regarding the father who exchanged his daughter with a diamond mine so easily.

It wasn’t unusual for a marriage to be concluded informally. Sometimes the situation was too urgent, like during warring periods; informal marriages were common. A single thought passed through Fabian’s mind.

“Is that why you are returning to our territory right away?”

The Taran territory bordered a very violent group of barbarians. There was never a safe moment. They always had the excuse of urgent business in the Kingdom.

“It’d be good and we might as well.”

“...Is there really something going on in our territory?”

The Duke answered with a light laugh. Fabian understood him well. There wasn’t anything going on in the Taran territory. The reason they were skipping the wedding was because the Duke thought it was too troublesome. A proper wedding took at least half a day. He definitely didn’t want to do something so annoying.

“I will pass over some things for you to take care of. I don’t like annoying things so make sure rumors don’t spread.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Fabian easily submitted to his Lord’s decisions. He knew his place very well. He simply needed to assist in tying the loose ends of the Duke’s decisions. He had no place assisting the Duke in making those decisions. He never crossed the line while working together, thus he was able to continue serving under the Duke for so long.

‘Is it... because of his son...?’

It was the only reason the Duke would think of marriage.

‘What a pitiful princess.’

He drew a mental image of a lonely princess crying every night while trapped inside the mansion of the monster Duke. If Jerome knew that Fabian considered their Lord a monster, he would punish him to death.

It was because Jerome never saw their Lord in action. If he saw the Duke fight for himself... Fabian suddenly shivered as a cold chill ran down his spine. But it was not like Fabian wished for Jerome to ever see that side of their Lord. He hoped Jerome would see the Duke of Taran as nothing but their noble Lord.

How long would the princess be able to endure under that selfish and heartless man? Women were beings who lived for love. That was what Fabian’s wife had taught him all these years. She would become like a flower slowly wilting away as the Duke continued to ignore her.

She would probably become an alcoholic to endure her loneliness. Maybe she would try to fill the emptiness inside her heart with luxuries. There was only one thing that would be guaranteed. No matter how much the Duke’s wife changed or despaired, the Duke would not care one bit.

The day the Duke visited Lucia was the day she was told to move out. She was moved from her detached palace to a beautiful small palace that was within the central palace, where those of high status resided. Although the place was considered small, it was more spacious than the detached palace she had lived in for all those years.

It was a small corner of the central palace known as the Rose Palace. The Emperor had great affection for that place. The palace represented the respect and honor he held for his loved ones. The small palace was surrounded by a huge rose garden. In the late spring, every sort and color of roses could be seen in full bloom. The plentiful roses would spread a gentle fragrance far out into the distance.

Lucia would probably not be able to see that view. It was such a pity, she thought.

Her life in the inner palace was very comfortable. All the palace maids acted as her arms and legs, and she felt like an extremely important person, whose life was drowned by nothing but luxury. Different from his warning, guests did not come and visit her. There was only one person who consistently came to bother her.

“Please tell them I am ill.”

Today, the Grand Chamberlain was here. Lucia was sitting at a table on the terrace and drinking tea like always. No matter how one looked at this situation, she was feigning illness at the moment. The Grand Chamberlain was having a hard time.

“Princess, His Majesty is not feeling well and hopes Princess could come visit him.”

“What a pity. Please send him my regards. I hope he will regain his health soon. I’m feeling ill as well and am unable to move.

“Princess.”

“Please see yourself out. Let’s not waste our energy here . You already know I won’t go there.”

Lucia didn’t care that the Grand Chamberlain would be getting an earful from the Emperor. Although it was trivial, it was her own way of exacting revenge.

‘Since you’ve never turned around to see me, I will not look for you, either.’

When the Emperor had sent some people to her, that was what she had decided in her heart.

The Emperor didn’t want to see his daughter. The person he wanted to meet was The Duke of Taran’s fiancée. That position held high prestige. Although she was a mere 16th princess, the Emperor couldn’t forcefully drag her out.

The maids didn’t seem to be aware that she was the Duke of Taran’s fiancée yet. Even so, she was able to treat the Emperor so rudely yet nothing happened to her. The palace maids all struggled to perform their best as to avoid offending her.

It was laughable. Her status had changed overnight. She began to understand why the Duke was so arrogant. If anyone was surrounded by such people all their life, anyone would turn out like the Duke.

Time passed; no one knew this girl would be getting married the next day. Lucia thought he did not wish for senseless rumors, so she didn’t say a word about it to anyone. No matter how much the palace maids sucked up to her, Lucia maintained her distance from them.

It was already late into the night, but she couldn’t fall asleep. She sat by the window and gazed at the moon in the night sky. Her heart was restless.

All this time, he had not come to visit again. From time to time, he would send some people to check if she needed anything. She already had everything she needed in this place, but just one time she requested for something.

‘I don’t want to meet with the Emperor. Please protect me from him.’

She was afraid he would appear as a witness during their informal wedding. She had requested this two days ago and she had yet to receive a response. However, it seemed he had gotten the message and had sent out his people to make it happen.

The moon was very bright today. She felt a bit regretful. One of her wishes in life was to live out a happy life together with her future husband, surrounded by their children.

‘I’m the one who chose this road.’

She was not going to regret anything. No matter what came rushing into her direction, she would not do such a thing as regret. She had already regretted more than enough inside her dream.

***

“Will you really be this way?”

Kwiz yelled at the top of his lungs. The smooth gentle approach had not worked, so it was time to use anger. If he failed once again, he would try the gentle approach one more time. These days, it was a repeat of this situation.

“Whatever you say is useless, I’m going.”

Hugo calmly drank his tea while Kwiz continued to jump around in his seat.

“Why now? Don’t you know how many people are aiming for my throat...?”

After Hugo informed Kwiz that he was returning to his territory, he had been acting like a begging child. ‘You can’t go like this, you’ll have to kill me before you can go, how can you be this way?’ If anyone heard, they would think he was trying to court a lover.

The Crown Prince’s servants were embarrassed, but like Hugo, they maintained a blank expression.

“The Taran family has owned that territory in the North for tens and hundreds of years already. Just because the Duke takes a leave for a while, the land won’t disappear.”

“A store owner who leaves his shop empty will be in trouble.”

He had left his territory for too long due to the war. If he wanted to rest a bit, Kwiz would hold onto him without letting go. He had promised to help the crown prince, but he had no thoughts of protecting him from each and every political enemy. His base was in the north.

“Then you’ll leave in two days?”

“I’ve told you many times already.”

“Even when I beg you in this state?”

“Please stop with your crying. Just because I’m not here, it doesn’t mean anything will happen to you. Even if I remain here, there’s nothing I can help you with.”

“Why not? Just by standing there, people will feel wary of me!”

“And you like that? They should feel wary of the Crown Prince. Why should they feel wary of me?”

“It’s better that way. Since the war has ended, people will start officially making their move. Do you know how much they are fighting over the spoils of war at this moment?”

“The spoils of war?”

Hugo laughed through his nose.

“Everything is mine.”

“Yes, everything is mine.”

“I’ve told you it’s mine.”

“Everything that belongs to the Duke belongs to me.”

Hugo let out a small sigh. His mind was probably filled with nothing but devilish snakes. But Hugo did not dislike the crown prince’s character. It was better than the ones who were overly cautious.

Among those with power, Kwiz was the first person to treat him the same upfront and behind his back. Up until now, he was the only person with such a personality. Thus, he had decided to hold hands with the Crown Prince.

“I’ll remain there for only two years.”

“Too long! Only one year!”

“Two years. Who knows what will happen after the next Emperor is enthroned. His Majesty’s health doesn’t seem good these days.”

“With all the chronic illnesses, his body’s age should be in the 80s. Just a few days ago, he had a girl by his bedside. That old geezer. He only has energy for such things.”

The Crown Prince’s lieutenant faked a cough from embarrassment. The Crown Prince glared at the lieutenant for interrupting his chatter.

The Crown Prince always referred to the Emperor as: that old man, old geezer, horrible vice-emperor. No matter how many times they heard this, they could never get used to it. The only person who could listen with a blank expression was the Duke of Taran.

“I’ll take my leave.”

“Why don’t you eat dinner before you go?”

“I’m busy.”

“You never let anyone hold you back.”

“Oh. I’m getting married tomorrow.”

For a moment, silence hung over the room. The Crown Prince and everyone else in the room was frozen solid.

“...What will you do...? Duke, what will you do?”

A diamond on a dunghill was still a diamond. As an Emperor, he was one through and through. The Emperor had promised his wedding date would not be known to anyone. Until the end, not even the Crown Prince had been aware of the marriage. Although the Crown Prince spoke badly of the Emperor, he never took action to go against him. If he acted rashly, he would only suffer a backlash.

“I’ve already discussed it with the Emperor. The wedding will be held informally, so there is no need for you to attend. Oh by the way, the person I’m marrying is a princess.”

“Duke!”

The crown prince shouted, but Hugo just bowed and left the room. Once Hugo left the room, the spoiled brat-like behavior of the crown prince disappeared at once. His expression was as fearsome as a demon(3). He roared at his adjutant.

“What are you doing?! How is the Duke of Taran getting married tomorrow, yet I wasn’t aware until he personally told me?”

“I apologize.”

The adjutant’s face paled.

“Hurry and figure out what the hell is going on!”

“Yes! Your Highness!”

His eyes burned with rage as he fumed, breathing roughly.

“Princess? Bullshit. How many princesses are in this place? If he was interested in princesses, he should have told me sooner. I would’ve gladly given him my sister.”

When Hugo informed him that he would be getting married to a ‘princess,’ he could imagine what had happened.

“...That wretched old geezer.”

Kwiz gritted his teeth. The Emperor seemed aloof from worldly affairs as he kept to himself within the inner palace, but behind closed doors, he controlled everything from the dark shadows. He imagined the Emperor’s smug face, ‘No matter what you do, you’ll remain in the palm of my hands.’

Kwiz loathed the Emperor. He hated him to the core of his bones. Although the Emperor was aware of this fact, he still gave Kwiz the position of Crown Prince while laughing mockingly, as if asking for a fight.

‘Let’s see how long you’ll be able to remain this way.’

Kwiz’ blue eyes burned with rage.

(end)

Foot Notes:

(1): Hugo would often imagine slicing this guy’s chest open to see it filled with nothing but guts. – In Korean, Guts/Liver/Bravery is spelled the same. In the Korean text, it said his chest was filled with nothing but liver. This is a sarcastic pun implying Fabian is stupidly brave.

(2): “Taran Family” – I don’t want to spoil the story. But as we already saw, Hugo pretty much lives alone with servants in his mansion. But still, I add ‘family’ for the sake of including all the past people before him.

(3) (Kwiz’) expression was as fearsome as a demon: The Korean text said ‘a female demon.’ But, it just doesn’t translate too well. LoL.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 7
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 7

First Night (1)

Translated by iseuli

Edited by lili

There was no wedding procession(1), no guests to congratulate them, nor any blessings. They sat facing each other at a table, where Hugo Taran and Vivan Hesse signed their certificate of marriage.

She signed her full last name, ‘Hesse’, on the documents while writing down only the initial for her first name, ‘Vivian.’ That was the norm for marriage certificates. But for this marriage certificate, she signed her full name on top, and used the standard signing method just below.

Vivian. That was her name. She had lived as Vivian while she was with Count Matin for over five years. Following her divorce, she had lived the rest of her life as Lucia. But now, she would need to live the rest of her life as Vivian.

She had never thought that the name Vivian belonged to her. When she had lived by this name, she had felt nothing but agony and suffering. Lucia and Vivian felt like two different human beings. She was distressed whether the name written on the marriage certificate really belonged to her, or not.

She was frustrated that her fake shell as Vivian would be stuck for the rest of her life due to this marriage, but at the same time, she felt a sense of relief. On one hand, she felt a small hope that she would be able to break past her outer shell and escape to the outside world. On the other hand, Lucia could not see the lowest point of the dark hole she was about to fall into. Lucia could not express her feelings with one word.

Two men she had never seen before in her life stood as their witnesses; the process was simple and she was quickly promoted as the official Duke of Taran’s wife. That was how their wedding ended.

Lucia didn’t have any attachment toward things like weddings, but she was a little sad that the classic kiss upon marriage had been omitted. Following that first kiss, he had never made any sort of physical contact with her. She pretended to look somewhere else as she stole a glance at his lips.

His closed lips lied in a straight line, his stubborn nature seemingly reflected upon them. They weren’t too thick; when his lips had pressed against hers, they felt very soft. He had sucked onto Lucia’s lips as his tongue had entered her mouth...

“Tomorrow morning we’ll leave for the North.”

“Yes...Okay!”

When his mouth suddenly opened, Lucia jumped in shock. He watched her with strange eyes, so she quickly distracted herself by looking into another direction. She worried whether her face was flushed red at the moment.

‘Aah, I must be crazy. What are you doing? Seriously.’

“If you wish to remain in the capital, that’s fine.”

Her racing heart suddenly died a little, and a cold wind blew past, howling into the distance. The ink on the marriage contract had yet to dry, but he was already thinking of separating as something trivial.

She realized he didn’t see her as a woman. She didn’t have any expectations of a warm and loving married life, but she couldn’t help feeling bitter.

Her heart squeezed with pain. He was declaring that their marriage would never become something that would tie them together. Lucia, who had a little bit of hope at first, threw all that away.There wasn’t even a bit of frustration in her heart at the moment.

“...I will follow you. But if Your Grace wishes that I remain here, I will do so.”

She lowered her eyes to the floor and spoke in a soft voice, trying her best not to mix emotion into her words. She wasn’t trying to defy him or anything. There were no benefits to staying here. She felt his gaze on her with her whole body.

Lucia hoped to live with the flow, calm and relaxed as much as possible. She didn’t see him as a man who would physically abuse a woman, but there wasn’t anything bad about being extra careful. She had already experienced how hopeless a woman would be against a man who was physically abusive.

“There’s nothing fun over there, unlike the capital. You should make a firm decision so you don’t regret.”

“I’ll be fine.”

‘I’ve never found anything enjoyable in the capital in the first place.’

Once their carriage took off, they didn’t converse until they reached their destination. As soon as they arrived, he got off and shut himself into his oval office. Lucia was left alone at the front gate and only Jerome remained to show her around the estate.

“Greetings, Mistress. I am the current butler serving the Duke of Taran. Please call me Jerome.”

He seemed to be around his 30s. She was familiar with this man, who had midnight blue eyes while sporting a neat and tidy overall presentation. He had once served her tea when she had visited the Duke. ‘So he was the butler.’ He seemed too young to be the Duke’s head butler.

“Nice to meet you. The tea from last time was very delicious, Jerome.”

Jerome watched Lucia strangely, but all traces of his feelings were quickly erased. He answered with an amiable and gentle tone instead.

“Thank you. Please speak without formalities, Mistress.”

“I’m most comfortable speaking this way. Oh, if this isn’t appropriate as the lady of the Duke’s house, I will fix my bad habits.”

“That’s not the case. Mistress, whatever you say will be Taran’s new rules. Will you dine first or rest? Would you like me to show you around the estate?”

She had heard something really unbelievable just now. But she was currently suffering from a bad headache and she couldn’t dwell on the topic for too long. Lucia related what she wanted most at the moment.

“I want to rest first.”

“I’ll show you the way to your bedroom.”

Jerome escorted Lucia to her bedroom and introduced her to two middle-aged women.

“These will be your two maids who’ll take care of your needs for your convenience.”

Jerome quickly introduced their names and experience. The maids attended to her while she undressed. She wore her under dress to bed, while waiting for her painful headache to pass.

She fell into a deep sleep, then awoke from a voice after a long while. Thankfully, her head didn’t ache anymore.

“Mistress, why don’t you eat a little before returning to sleep?

Her maid asked her with a very careful tone. She did not know her Mistress’ temper and she feared whether her Mistress would yell and hit her.

“Um... How long was I asleep?”

“You’ve been sleeping for about six hours now.”

“...I’ve slept for a long time.”

“We are preparing dinner right now.”

“Has His Grace already eaten?”

“He will have a light meal at his oval office later. He frequently has his meals in the office when he has a lot of official business to look over.”

In conclusion, it meant that Lucia ought to eat alone. On the day of Lucia’s marriage, she sat all alone at a grand table full of delicious treats. She felt a little bit disappointed. Eating together wasn’t such a hard thing to do. They lived in the same house after all.

She was a little sullen, but she quickly did her best to forget about the whole thing.

‘Don’t hope for anything. Let’s not hope for anything at all.’

If she were to get disappointed due to every single small detail, her married life would soon become hell.

‘I’ve obtained a comfortable home for myself and I won’t have to worry for the rest of my life. Also, I’ve escaped from that man.”

Those were the things she had originally wished for. But a human’s desire was truly unending. She had only gotten married, but she had already planted some expectations in her heart.

“Jerome, about the maids who are attending to me...”

“Yes. Have they made a mistake of some sort?”

“That’s not it. It seems they are the most experienced and oldest maids, is there a reason they need to be in charge of serving my trivial needs?”

Inside her dream, Lucia had once lived as a maid of a noble’s family. Therefore, she understood the type of tasks a maid would be in charge of depending on their age and experience.

“I apologize, I did not explain to you ahead of time. Mistress, you will sleep here just for today. Tomorrow, we will leave for our territory. While we are moving from place to place, they will be attending to you. When we return to our territory, the maids who will serve you will be different.”

“Oh, the other maids in this estate are based in the capital and they are unable to leave with us. Correct?”

“It is so.”

“Then what will the maids be in charge of, once we return to our domain?”

“They will be given appropriate tasks depending on their age and experience.”

“I understand. Thank you for your explanation.”

“It’s not a problem.”

Following this event, Jerome judged Lucia would have no problem managing basic household affairs. If Lucia were to find out, she would have adamantly denied his claims.

Lucia got familiar with the Duke’s mansion as a maid showed her around. The mansion was so huge, she could not tour the entire place. The mansion itself was huge, but the surrounding garden was many times more spacious.

“Has this mansion been with the Taran family for a long time?”

“No. The Taran family never had a mansion in the capital. This mansion was prepared several years ago.”

“Is that so? Who was the original owner of this place? The mansion and the garden are so huge. They must have been a very prestigious noble family.”

“Our Lord owned many mansions. He must have bought about 10 of them. This was the only mansion he kept, and the rest were destroyed.

“...Ah.”

He had to be a far richer man than Lucia had originally thought.

The washroom was spacious and luxurious. The bath wasn’t made of porcelain like usual bathtubs; they had built up a wall starting from the floor, making it into a spa. The maids didn’t need to fill the tub manually; there was a heating water tank connected to this place, so hot water was only a turn of a faucet away.

She had heard of such washrooms before, but it was her first time seeing it in person. Usually, it was the servant’s job to draw and drain the water. No matter how much effort they spent to heat the water and fill the tub, there wasn’t a city-wide water system. Therefore, many people didn’t go out of their way to spend their money to improve a facility to this level.

‘I doubt he built this type of water system to make the servants’ lives easier...’

As Lucia thought, this wasn’t something the Duke had ordered. Jerome, who was in charge of the house facilities, had sought to create an efficient system. One of his only hobbies was to destroy and remodel parts of the house.

After her bath, she returned to her bedroom. The maids attended to Lucia with great care. They helped dry her hair and gave her a flower essence used to make the skin soft and smooth. This would be their first night together after their wedding.

‘That person... He won’t come to my room tonight.’

Lucia was sure of that. Tomorrow morning, they would be returning to his domain, therefore he would choose to have a good night of rest instead. There was no guarantee he would visit her bedroom at all, even after returning to the North. He didn’t wish for a child in the first place. It was possible that he would never visit Lucia’s bedroom in this lifetime.

‘He already has a son.’

He went through a this marriage just for his son’s sake. If Lucia were to bear a son, matters would get very complicated. Although his son had been legalized through the law, the direct child of the legal wife would hold more power.

He would probably do everything in his power to prevent such a situation. He had stated that to her like it was a trivial matter, but those statements probably held a lot of weight to them. There was no way for her to prove that she was unable to bear children, so he would always suspect her.

The bedroom grew quiet once all the maids left. She laid herself onto the bed once more. However, she had been napping for so long, she didn’t feel sleepy at all. She twisted and turned in the bed, lost in her own thoughts.

‘It’s better this way...’

She had promised never to love him. That promise would be easier to fulfill the more distance he put between them. They had only shared a short kiss and it had caused her heart to beat so fast; if they did anything more, then... Lucia’s face gradually grew hotter and hotter. She quickly fanned herself with both hands, trying to blow all her thoughts away.

‘Let’s think about something else. Something else... What should I do now that I’m the Duke’s wife...? What’s there to do...?’

The first thing on her list that would benefit her husband would be to actively participate in the noble social gatherings. Count Matin had always placed all his efforts into getting Lucia to mingle with high society. But she could never achieve his expectations. She was always tired, and all she could do was stand still and count the time ticking by.

‘Haa... Participating in the noble social parties. I have no confidence in this aspect...’

By hiding that fact, would it count as a breach of contract?

The Duke’s original wife (in her dream) was very talented at making connections and mingling in those social events. She purchased all the latest and most expensive dresses, while accessorizing herself with all sorts of jewelry. The Duchess went all around town participating in social events with a charismatic poise. The noble women around her would all drown her with endless compliments.

‘But behind her back, they would do nothing but criticize and badmouth her.’

The Duchess had no amazing background. She was nothing but a pitiful rock that had somehow rolled into this place. There was nothing pleasant about discovering a rock. She had nothing in common with the noble women of high society who had grown up with a silver spoon in their mouths.

Of course, nobody would be so blatantly rude to the Duchess’ face.

Lucia had never gone out of her way to actively participate in the social parties of high society, but she had diligently participated every now and then. That was how she had come to know and see many things. She would stand a single step behind everyone, so she had many chances to observe others with objective eyes.

She had never been jealous of the Duchess’ glamour. From time to time, it seemed like she was struggling. At first, the Duchess was humble, but as time passed by, she became drunk off her own high pedestal.

After her marriage with Count Matin came to an end, she distanced herself from these social parties. Then, Lucia worked as a maid for some nobles and she came to know of the Duke of Taran.

The Duchess had not changed all those years later. Her reputation had gotten much worse with time. When the truth of her marriage was revealed, all the noble women laughed and jeered at her, spreading the news far and wide. The Duchess had dug her own grave. She had made far too many enemies throughout the years.

‘After that...’

She was not sure what happened to her afterward. Lucia had worked hard, saving money while working as a maid, in order to buy a small house for herself. She had led a quiet life after quitting her job. She had all the noisy and glamorous high society social parties behind her.

Very rarely, she would come across some gossip from her co-workers. Among all the gossip, there was information on the Duke of Taran, but the contents seemed a bit blurry.

‘Why...did I marry him?’

Lucia frightened herself.

‘Then... What would happen to the Duke’s original wife...?’

She only thought of it now. She shocked herself as she realized her own selfishness.

‘There is no helping it.’

Her guilty conscience didn’t last long.

‘If I had to mind everyone’s worries and struggles, I wouldn’t be able to survive in this dog eat dog world.’

Lucia jumped, realizing her selfish and cruel personality once more. However, it wasn’t like she wanted to fix that personality into a kind one. She had learned that nice people would be stepped on the hard way.

After thinking of this and that, she didn’t feel sleepy at all. If anything, she felt more awake. After flipping from side to side, she got up and turned on the lights in her bedroom.

‘Let’s look around the room.’

Everything in the bedroom was huge. Her bed, the sofa, all the furniture was this way. It was a creepy looking room and it seemed too cold and chilly for a female. If she had to stay in this place more than a single night, she would like to redecorate. Overall, there was a nice balance, but one thing threw the whole place off.

‘What in the world... is that painting...?’

A giant avant garde painting was hung in the center of an empty white wall. She had no idea what this painting was trying to convey; it didn’t fit with the bedroom at all.

It was one of the paintings Crown Prince Kwiz had sent. Hugo had cringed upon seeing the picture. When Jerome asked what he should do with the painting in a meek matter, he had answered like so:

‘Hang it up.’

Lucia, who had no idea of the situation, wondered if it could be a famous painting. Her guess wasn’t far off. The crown prince had always had a mischievous personality; he had made the effort to personally choose a painting that he especially liked for the Duke.

‘A wine closet.’

There were dozens of wine bottles displayed according to class against the wall. Lucia examined all the wine bottles displayed behind the glass door. It was rare that a woman’s bedroom would have a wine closet. Maybe there would be one in an aged woman’s room.

Lucia didn’t know about wines very well, but she remembered a particularly sweet luxury wine that perfectly suited her taste. It was the memory from her dream. Lucia jumped with joy when she discovered the same brand. She hesitated for a moment whether to take it out or not.

“This is a drink in celebration. I can at least reward myself this much.”

It was a wedding with no blessings given, but she had the right to congratulate and bless herself.

Beside the wine closet, a small table for two was nicely set. There were also a few wine glasses and an opener in the wine closet, already there for her. The setting was just right. Lucia opened the cork and drank little by little while toasting her glass to the air.

“Delicious... Huh? Already empty?”

She had only drunk a few glasses, but the bottle was already empty. She felt she hadn’t had enough, so she smacked her lips and stood up for more, but she was so dizzy that she sat herself back down.

“Ah... Why is it like this?”

She took a few deep breaths and tried to get up again. Her stomach felt hot and the walls kept spinning.

“Ah... I... must be drunk...”

Lucia barely made it to her bed while stumbling across the room. After a few breaths, she fell asleep. But even with the help of alcohol, she could not fully fall asleep. She woke up feeling very thirsty a little while later.

‘So hot... And I’m so thirsty...’

It was the first time Lucia drank alcohol. The wine she had drunk had a low alcohol percentage, but for a first timer, it was pretty potent. Although the bedroom was chilly, her body felt like it was burning from the heat.

Lucia twisted and turned in bed until she decided to take off her pajamas. Anyway, she was the only one in the bedroom. This was her bedroom.

‘I’ve succeeded. I don’t have to marry him anymore. I’ve changed my future.’

The alcohol helped exaggerate the sense of freedom inside her heart. She became braver and took off her undergarments as well. Her whole body was burning hot and had a pink hue all over.

Lucia rolled around enjoying to cool feeling of the bed sheets against her skin. A short while later, she got up and struggled toward the table at the center of the room. There was a jug of water and a glass set on a silver tray there. She poured herself a glass and chugged it down to quench her thirst.

Click .

In the silent bedroom, the sound was like thunder. She turned her head half a beat late toward the sound. When she looked across the room, the door that was connected to the receiving room was already open. The moment she saw the person standing by the door, she dropped the glass of water that was in her hand and froze into a statue.

Hugo had just bathed and entered the bedroom in a robe. He paused as he saw the stark naked uninvited guest. A heavy, stifling silence fell upon the bedroom. He squinted and casually inspected her body up and down.

He was fatigued after working for several hours straight without rest, but he felt his head lighten instantly. At first he wondered, ‘Who is this woman?’ The next second, he remembered, ‘Ah yes, I got married.’ Then he figured that the woman had to be his wife.

She had a long slender neck and round shoulders, her smooth breasts displaying pink nipples looked sweet, and she had a slim waist, while her hips curved into a nice hour glass figure. The bedroom light was on, so he could see every detail of her body easily.

But to his regret, the place right below her belly button was hidden behind the table and he couldn’t see it. He wondered whether he should order her to step to the side a bit. Those were his thoughts.

Ksh , shatter.

The sharp rupturing sound broke the peace of the room. She had frozen in place and the glass slipped out of her hands, instantly shattering against the marble floor. Lucia jumped and lowered her eyes. She tried to move, but he firmly demanded:

“Don’t move!”

Lucia’s body froze in place again. She didn’t move a muscle and simply watched him walking closer to her. She unconsciously shrank away, but he continued to glare at her and she once again froze. When he reached her, he placed his hands against her back and her legs and swooped her up.

Kssh kassh , the sound of glass scraping against one another.

With every step, the glass shards would dig into his slippers and make a sharp sound. The few steps toward the bed felt like eternity.

“Are you hurt anywhere?”

At his low voice, she realized she was sitting on the bed.

“N...o.”

Lucia shook her head and quickly escaped from his hold. She promptly twisted the blanket around her body and hid her face under her pillow. The places he had held her felt hot and her mind was a complete blank.

He observed her with amused eyes, while she twisted herself into the blanket like a caterpillar and escaped to the furthest corner of the bed.

“You welcome me with your nude body and now you’re pretending to be an innocent girl?”

She wanted to dig herself into a hole from embarrassment, but upon his mocking voice, she got a hold of her senses. He was too evil. He should have been apologizing, while asking whether he had scared her, but nope. Lucia popped her head out and shouted.

“You came in without any notice!”

“That was rude of me. In the future, I’ll be sure to notify you from just outside the door.”

Lucia wasn’t sure whether he was making a joke or mocking her. However, her reaction just now was too over-exaggerated, and she felt awkward again. He was only worried that she would be hurt by the glass shards. If it weren’t for him, she would have many pieces of glass stuck to her feet.

“...I never thought you would come here.”

She didn’t wait there naked to seduce him. Lucia went the roundabout way to express those thoughts.

“This is my bedroom. Of course the owner would come here.”

“...The butler told me to sleep here. He never told me it was your bedroom. Is it in your family’s tradition for couples to share a bedroom?”

Hugo recalled a vague memory. Jerome had said something about the Mistress’ room not being prepared yet, and he had just nodded along. The marriage had been too sudden, and they would stay here for only one night, so the butler had said he would let the Mistress stay in his bedroom.

Jerome was a perfectionist. If the preparations were not up to standard, it would be the same as not having any at all. He thought that since they were married, there would be no harm in sharing a bedroom for a night.

“There are no such traditions. It seems there was an error somewhere.”

“Then... You’re not misunderstanding me, right?”

Lucia worried whether he would view her as a vulgar woman, but in the first place, this man didn’t even bother with such thoughts. He didn’t view women that way. To him, there were only two types of women in this world. Women he wanted to sleep with and women he didn’t want to sleep with. There was no meaning in judging whether the girl was vulgar or modest.

“Is it your hobby to sleep naked?”

She didn’t look to be the type, and he found this new discovery amusing. Lucia’s face flushed and she glared with arrogant eyes.

“No. I was feeling hot...”

Her answer didn’t make any sense in this cold chilly room, but when his eyes fell to the empty bottle of wine by the wine closet, the corner of his mouth perked up.

“Did you drink wine?”

“...Yes.”

She answered with a meek voice. If this was his bedroom, Lucia had taken out a bottle of wine without the owner’s permission.

‘Aah. Why did I do that?’ For the first time after awakening from her dream, she imagined how good would it be if this moment was a dream.

“A drunk, naked woman waiting for me in my bedroom... This coincidence is too clever.”

His entertained voice made Lucia feel upset. Her mood was ruined from his constant jeering. ‘Do you think all the women in the world will be head over heels for you?’ Lucia wanted to say this to his face, but suppressed her feelings and spoke reasonably.

“I’ve already told you. I didn’t know this was your bedroom and I never thought you would come here. I don’t know how many beauties have waited for Your Grace in the nude, but even if I did have such thoughts, I’m probably the only woman in this world who has the right to be in your bed. After I signed my name on the contract this morning, that is.”

Once Lucia finished her words, she bit her tongue. She spoke such bold words. What if he was a male supremacist who didn’t sit by quietly and watch a woman talk back to him? She was worried about his reaction.

When she had lived together with Count Matin, the only way she could answer was with a ‘Yes’ or ‘No’. They held no other conversations that would stray outside of that boundary. She felt strange to her newfound personality that talked back and rebuked.

He watched her rebelling and chuckled quietly.

“I apologize if my thoughtless words made you feel upset. I’m sorry.”

“...”

“Do I have to get on my knees?”

“Ah, no. I was just shocked... I never thought... you would have ever said ‘sorry’ in your life.”

Again with that. He wanted to pry open all her thoughts of him one by one. He would go over each one and say, this is wrong so get rid of it.

“What kind of man am I in that head of yours? Are you saying this after listening to all the rumors?”

“There are no rumors that judge you. I base my thoughts and feelings on what I see and observe for myself. Rather than an apology, I thought you would command others.”

“This is the first time to hear such a biting remark in person.”

“What do you mean by biting remark? This is only my opinion. Don’t denounce me like that.”

Her expression was very serious and open. She had been that way since their first meeting. Her eyes were upright and honest, and it was the reason why he took the time to listen to her unreasonable offer; it was those eyes that had led to their current situation.

Hugo turned his body without much thought. At his action, her blanket jumped noisily. ‘Hmmn’, his eyebrows raised. He moved his body once more, and again her blanket ruffled.

‘Is she scared I’ll jump her?’ The tiny animal in front of the savage predator was shivering in fear. A satiated predator would probably not look twice at this small animal. If he always had his fill, he wouldn’t see the benefits to hunting down this small animal, but today this small animal increased his appetite. His mood was good, so he took hold of the blanket she used like a shield and pulled the round sushi-like figure.

“Kya!”

Lucia let out a short scream and rolled across the wide mattress. When she regained her senses, Lucia was defenseless and nude. He looked down at her as he trapped between his arms. Lucia held her breath. She was scared her body would brush against his hands, so she didn’t move a single muscle.

“If you believe you’re the only woman who has the right to sleep in my bed, why do you believe I won’t visit you? This is our first night together after all.”

Most probably, if they had separate bedrooms, he would not have gone to hers. If Lucia was sleeping on his bed, he would not touch a hair on her body, and sleep by her side.

The reason was simple. He simply didn’t have any heart to do such things. She was very different than the girls he liked. He liked voluptuous beauties. In one word, he was immune to her. But even when he thought that way, he was curious about her thoughts. Ever since a long time ago, he kept wondering what in the world that woman was thinking. He wanted to know.

Lucia often took something simple and made it very complicated through her endless musings. This was not a marriage accompanied with affection. She was not an amazing and glamorous woman that men would covet. But most of all, there was his son.

He didn’t wish for his wife’s pregnancy. He would never believe that she couldn’t bear children without proof. But she didn’t want to bring up the topic of pregnancy. If she were to bring it up, it felt like he would leave the room without any hesitation. She didn’t wish for him to leave. Although it was a contracted marriage, a wedding without even a first night seemed so miserable.

“Tomorrow... You said we would go to your territory...”

Although she didn’t lie, it was the same, since she had hidden many facts from him. His gaze seemed to be interrogating her.

The fact that she was nude and defenseless kept growing bigger and bigger in her mind. She felt her body gradually growing hot. Lucia moved a little bit at a time while covering her breasts with her arms. This action had no use or meaning, but it was a reflexive action for any woman suffering from humiliation.

‘What a refreshing reaction.’

He had always spent time with women that would throw themselves at him; it was interesting seeing someone so modest for once. There was no doubt this woman was a virgin. A very innocent virgin. The suspicion that she was purposely hiding and waiting here disappeared completely. But in another sense, he lost his interest.

Virgins were bothersome. They didn’t know what to do with their body and it was no fun. They were his last resort when it came to fulfilling his sexual desires. A night with an experienced and skillful woman was more enjoyable. He enjoyed fruits that had ripened to the degree of falling off the trees.

What to do... She looked terrified. He had no intention of sleeping with a woman who didn’t feel the same.

“If you don’t want to, I won’t.”

“...But the first night... We’re not allowed to refuse.”

The first night was a right and an obligation. In fact, that had been stipulated by law. Since long ago, two noble families in war would come together in matrimony for peace, and there had been a time when that law was required.

At present, the borders of the different territories of the Kingdom were set, and it was rare to see such an event. The reason the law remained was because there could be a time when it would be needed in the future. If it could be proven that they had never spent their first night together, the marriage could be annulled. That was sometimes applied when one side of the party passed away due to some reason. Within several years,it had only been applied once or twice.

‘To bring up the law. This princess is really clueless.’

“If this was not our first night, would you refuse?”

“...I will think about it after tonight.”

He had flatly let out a response, but upon her reply, he burst into laughter. She looked pale with fear while shivering, but even so, she didn’t disappoint him as she gave some daring responses. Was she truly clueless? Maybe she was doing it on purpose?

“Look here, Princess. If we start, it’s impossible to stop midway. Are you determined that you won’t regret?”

Lucia’s first night in her dream glimmered. Count Matin had climbed on top of her with his heavy body and tried to enter her forcefully many times, but he could not get it up, and failed. He could not get over his own anger and had drunk himself silly until he passed out.

He snored all night, while she trembled in fear sleeping next to that husband no different than a stranger. There was no way her situation could get worse that that. Looking at things in such a perspective, she had nothing to fear.

“This isn’t something you can settle with determination. I’m not trying to start a war with Your Grace.”

He fell into silence for a moment and chuckled. Then suddenly, the mood turned a full 180 and she felt nervous once again. A chill ran down her spine and she was frozen into a statue. That person was a man; she had only realized such an obvious fact now.

A man who would never lose in strength, and under him was a naked woman. It wasn’t a situation where she could resist. He lifted his body up and took off his outer gown. Lucia saw him and closed her eyes. When his hand brushed against her hips, she quickly held her breath.

(end)

Footnotes:

(1) wedding procession: Random fact, in Korea they call this walking down the ‘Virgin Road.’ Omg I took so long trying to figure this out. I was like... Virgin Rod? Wtf... what does that have to do with a wedding? It’s literally the English word ‘Virgin Road’ written in Korean.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 8
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Ch8

First Night (2)

translated: iseuli

editor: lili

Lucia closed her eyes as if she was waiting for her execution while he watched her with calm eyes. He wondered whether he should gobble up this little rabbit at once, but then he changed his mind. He would probably end up losing his appetite midway. He decided to give this innocent princess a pleasant service to teach her a little bit about a man’s body.

“Name.”

Lucia, who had her eyes shut tight, slowly opened them again.

“...Huh?”

“I don’t want to hear ‘Your Grace,’ in bed. Call my name instead.”

“Your name...?”

“Don’t tell me you don’t know my name.”

“It’s not that. I know it. Umm... Hugh?”

When he didn’t answer, Lucia inquired once again.

“Or maybe Hugo...?”

His silence was uncomfortably long. ‘Did I get his name wrong? His name was not Hugo?’ She had seen him sign that name on their marriage certificate. Before she could grow more nervous, he answered with a hesitant voice.

“...The first one.”

“The first one... Then, Hugh...?”

In that short moment, his body shook. She caught his scarlet marble-like eyes tremble. Lucia felt he had a special attachment to the name ‘Hugh.’ Could it be a nickname that somebody had used to call him? His mother? Or maybe... The woman he loved...?

Had he loved a woman before? He had a son. Who could be the child’s mother? Had he loved that woman? Where was that woman now, why had they separated?

“Vivian.”

As she wondered whether it would be alright to ask about that woman, she jumped upon hearing her unfamiliar name. He seemed to have noticed her oversensitive reaction, so she made up an excuse.

“Nobody... really calls my name...”

“It will happen very often from now on. Vivian.”

“...”

His low voice quietly caressed her ears. Her unfamiliar name had come out very naturally from his lips.

“Vivian.”

“...”

She had her mouth shut tight, and he watched her as he let out a laugh that seemed like a sigh.

“Darling, do you know you’re quite stubborn?” (Hugo)

“...Since when have I ever been?” (Lucia)

“Just now.” (Hugo)

“...Do you know you are very good at forcing your way?” ( Lucia)

“I don’t force anything. Everything I say happens to be correct.” (Hugo)

His shameless pride made her speechless. His face drew closer until she could feel his breath upon her lips. When his lips pressed down onto hers, she closed her eyes. He lightly kissed her tightly closed mouth a few times and then gently sucked on her lower lip. He pulled away for a moment.

“Open your lips.”

He commanded in a low voice. She swallowed a hard breath from nerves; her throat hurt. Her face was tinted in a pink hue as she hesitated, but in the end, she let her lips fall apart a little. His eyes seemed to laugh for a moment. Soon, his lips firmly pressed against hers and a soft piece of flesh entered her mouth.

‘Ah...’

His tongue smoothly ravaged the inside of her mouth. He slowly made his way around her teeth and the sides of her cheeks. She felt a jolting pleasure when his tongue met hers. As their lips parted the tiniest sliver, he spoke.

“You taste like wine.”

Lucia felt her blush burning through her cheeks. He changed his position and locked lips once more. Just as he’d remarked, their kiss tasted like wine, dizzying her with rapture. Their tongues wrestled while their saliva mixed. He was focused on exploring the inside of her mouth through kissing. His tongue twisted and sucked on, then let go of her.

“Hu.....”

A moan escaped from deep within her throat. The soft kiss gradually heated up. His gentle tongue suddenly pressed firmly inside her mouth, and when he continued to massage a sensitive spot, she unconsciously ended up firmly grasping the bed sheets. He kept making Lucia breathless until she reached limit. Then he parted his lips from hers, and after letting her catch her breath, he started once again.

Their kiss continued that way for many more rounds. Lucia’s shoulders, which had been stiff from nerves, gradually relaxed. His kisses were sweet and soothing. When he parted from a particularly long kiss, Lucia lightly gasped for breath. With only this much, it felt like they had done more than enough already.

“The li-...light. It’s too bright...”

“I like being able to see you well.”

“But...”

Hugo kissed her eyes, which were on the brink of spilling out tears.

“Your body is very pretty. Let me see.”

Her cheeks were rosy as she bit her lips; she looked adorable. It wasn’t empty flattery; her body was truly very pretty. Her height was just right against his, and her nipples at the top of her round breasts had a pretty, flower-like pink hue. The line that connected her slim waist to her pelvis was beautiful. She was not voluptuous, but her body had a lot of charm.

He pecked her lips a few more times, and gradually moved his kisses to her cheek then to her ear. His moist lips kissed behind her ear then down her neck. Lucia blinked slowly as her sense of self became hazy. Whenever his lips brushed against her skin, she felt strange.

‘Is this the wine’s fragrance...?’

Her body’s aroma was unique. It wasn’t the pungent smell of perfume but her body’s natural scent. At first, he thought it was just the smell of wine. But, this scent was a little different from wine. It was very faint and somewhat refreshingly sweet.

‘The smell of an unripe... fruit...’

It was a natural scent. It was girl’s scent. He realized for the first time that someone could smell so good. Hugo didn’t rest as he continued to get drunk from her aroma, kissing her, and licking her. Whether his taste buds or sense of smell was making him feel drunk was unknown. Her skin was soft like silk. When he licked her skin, it was perfectly smooth and delectable.

It was not his usual style to be so gentle. However at the moment, he was enjoying himself very much. Whenever his lips pressed against her skin, she would tremble in the most lovely way. He took hold of her thin wrist and sucked onto the inner side.

The slight pain caused her to slightly recoil. Confirming the pink mark upon her skin, he kissed her other wrist. He laughed a bit as Lucia stared at him with confused eyes.

He traced his lips from her neck down to the vicinity of her breasts.

“Ah!”

A jolting pleasure from her breasts forced Lucia to let out a short moan. He took a mouthful and sucked on it. As if milk was coming out of her breasts, he licked her nipples meticulously.

“Hk!” (gasp)

He lightly bit her nipple and tickled it with his tongue. Lucia got breathless as he licked around the areola before sucking on it once more.

Her breasts were soft and tender. It was like consuming a mouthful of whip cream; he was worried they would melt in his mouth. She was quietly laying down in bed while grasping onto the sheets, but her body would tremble while her hips jolted up from time to time. Gradually, he felt his lower half starting to grow hot.

He let go of her breast, which was now wet with his saliva, and moved to caress the other one. He licked, sometimes lightly bit, swallowed, and from time to time sucked with great force. Whenever his tongue moved, a tingling sensation would travel up her spine, and she couldn’t help but moan in pleasure.

After he teased her breasts to his content, his kisses traveled down to her abdomen. Lucia wondered where his lips would advance next; she was a little scared, but she felt anticipation at the same time. She was gripping onto the sheets so hard, the tips of her fingers turned pale white.

“Hah...”

His lips proceeded down to her lower abdomen and then to her inner thighs. They moved toward the places nobody else had touched before. His lips brushed against the deep portions of her inner thighs and began sucking. She felt a sting.

He kissed from her hips to her calves while making light lip smacking sounds. Upon hearing them, Lucia’s face grew hot. His last kiss ended on her heels. When she snapped out of her dazed state, his lips had returned to her neck.

He took her breast in his hand and brought his other hand to her abdomen. He slowly let his hand brush down her abdomen and naturally slid it down to her inner thigh, pressing his fingers toward her inner thigh. Lucia was shocked and stared at him with wide eyes. At that moment, her gaze locked with his. His red eyes were filled with something hot and sensual.

He seemed to be observing her reactions, while exploring into her lower regions with a slight pressure. Her breaths became faster and her pumpkin orange eyes started to tremble. Watching her, he felt his body burn up.

“Ah!”

His long and firm finger slowly entered her. She yelped, not from pain but from surprise. When his finger slid out, she sighed in relief. But the next moment, he inserted his finger deeper into her.

“Uuh.....”

He repeatedly moved his finger in and out of her, but it wasn’t deep enough to hurt her. She had never let anything inside of her before, so the foreign object felt strange. As the stimulation continued, her lower region became slippery with moist juices, and the sound of wet noises grew increasingly louder. Her whole body was burning with heat and she felt her back shiver reflexively. A few more of his fingers pressed and rubbed against her.

A strange, indescribable sensation took over her body whenever his finger entered her. It was a bit ticklish, maybe a little naughty, but good. It seemed a little painful at the same time. Her breathing turned sharp, and she couldn’t think of anything but the feelings that were brewing inside her chest.

“Ah...”

At that moment, a tingle surged up, flooding into her body and causing her muscles to spasm and her neck to jerk up as euphoria circulated through her entire body for a few seconds. The short moment of bliss passed and her senses dulled, while her body had no strength left in it. She enjoyed the feeling of his fingers smoothly combing through her hair.

“How was it? My innocent Princess.”

“...But it’s not the end yet.”

She understood that sex would only end when the male ejaculated into the female. Though it was only a dream, no matter how crazy of a life Lucia had lived, she had been married once before. She had never experienced the entirety of the sexual process, but she had slept on the same bed as her husband for all those years.

Hugo’s hands, that were stroking her hair, paused.

“So you know.”

“I’m not stupid.”

“You entered the palace at a young age and you lived all those years without a single maid. Who did you learn this from?”

“Oh... From a b-book...”

“A book... What a boring method of learning. What did the book say?”

“It said I would end up crying and screaming, but... I think it was all a lie.”

Hugo had been smiling teasingly all this time, but upon her words, his expression stiffened at once. He let out a sad sigh while chuckling quietly. This woman was like a raw gemstone. She was naïve but truthful. In a way, she could be more dangerous than many of the skillful women in the world. Originally, when he had initiated sex, he had no intentions of going further than this.

“I should live up to your expectations then.”

He was moderately relieved. His lower half had gotten very firm since awhile ago, and it was starting to hurt. His body had grown excited the moment his fingers grasped her bare body.

He held her hips with his hands. Her pale hips were tinged red from his hands’ pressure just now. Fuck . He swallowed back his curses. His lower body felt numb. Why was this woman’s skin so soft? He wanted to leave his marks all over her pure body.

“Put your legs like this.”

He said in a low voice. Her long slender legs clumsily wrapped around his hips, bumping here and there through the process. His body temperature rose and his lower half panged from the constant stimulation. His body’s reactions were to the extreme. He had thought she was not his type of woman at all.

‘...It’s been too long.’

He had abstained from sex for too long. From the time the topic of marriage was brought up, he had not had sex with another woman for over a month. He was currently pent up with sexual frustration. He had a very healthy body for a male. He had never gone over 10 days without the pleasures of a woman’s body. Abstaining for over a month was a new record.

It wasn’t that he wanted to honor his wife or anything. He had been too busy preparing for the return to his territory, and before he knew it, a month had passed.

He placed her tired arms around his shoulders.

“Hold onto me. Don’t be nervous and relax your body.”

Lucia hesitantly wrapped her arms around his shoulders, being careful as if she was touching something she shouldn’t be. His muscles felt firm but flexible. He chuckled and smiled to compliment a job well done, making her heart start thumping loudly.

“If this isn’t your first time, I promise it will be a blissful night.”

Lucia suspected her hearing. He spoke with such a gentle smooth tone, but somehow she felt like he was teasing her.

“What if it’s my f...first?”

Hugo had intended to tease her with these words, but her response was so innocent, it amused him as if he was listening to a joke.

“Probably, it will hurt a little bit.”

He fiercely raised his upper body and centered himself against her, gradually adding his weight onto her. An aching pain shot from between Lucia’s legs, and she furrowed her brows. ‘If it’s this much pain, it will be bearable.’ Lucia gritted her teeth.

“...Relax. I haven’t even started.”

Even a half of half of his thing had not entered her yet. He had only slightly pushed the crown in, but her body was too tight and it didn’t seem it would be able to stretch out further. The pleasure felt more like pain and it was very hard stopping himself from just thoughtlessly pushing himself into her.

“Uue... How to do this...?”

He lowered himself onto her and locked lips. He sucked on her small soft lips, taunting her with his tongue. He squeezed and massaged her breasts with his hand. Once he soothed her a little, her tense muscles relaxed. When he could feel some room to move again, he pushed himself forward a bit more. A sharp pain shot through her body and Lucia gripped onto his shoulders with greater strength, to the point her fingertips paled.

“Hha... Hha..”

Lucia’s breaths became rough as if she was lacking air. He kept moving forward bit by bit without pause. He gradually filled her more and more, until he reached a thin wall(1) . Once he broke through that frail wall, he was able to slide himself in with ease.

“...!”

Severe pain. It felt like her body would split in two. How was this only ‘a little bit of pain’? The pain from her lower body consumed her entire mind. Everything in front of her distorted, and her jaw trembled. She realized at this time that when the pain was too severe, one couldn’t even scream. The pressure and the accompanying pain from his length inside of her was too much for her to handle. They were connected completely as his body pressed down onto her.

Even if she were to try and shake him off, his body was pressed firmly down onto her so that she couldn’t even tremble. She shook her head from side to side as she tried to lessen the pain. When her lips touched his arm, she bit onto him.

He furrowed his brows from the sudden ache in his arm. He had been supporting his weight with his arms so he wouldn’t have to put his full weight onto her, but she had bit his arm heavily. Her teeth were lodged onto his thick muscular arm, while tears welled up in her eyes as she glared at him with resentment.

He scowled, but his lips were smiling. Her struggling form seemed ridiculous yet cute at the same time. He didn’t allow women to bite him as they wished, but he let her be. The pain was stimulating his pleasure at the moment. His mind was off in another place right now.

‘This feels amazing...’

It felt out of this world inside of her. It wasn’t just tight. There was a syrupy texture that squeezed down onto him.

‘Is it because she’s a virgin?’

But the last time he’d embraced a virgin, there hadn’t been a single thing he found particularly pleasurable. He couldn’t enjoy himself at all, and midway through, he had gone limp. But why was this woman different? His sexual desire hadn’t calmed down at all, but burned with greater intensity. He was drenched in sweat.

After feeling and caressing her body, he very much appreciated her petite frame. Her body was small and her bones were thin. It seemed he would be able to easily break her bones if he squeezed too hard.

He went on carefully as if he was handling glass, fighting against his heart that wanted to rough up her body to his full desires. He had originally intended to make her feel good for a bit, but his kisses had continued without stop for too long. He had become fully absorbed in licking her skin, and he had gotten too worked up while caressing her naked body.

‘This is not my fault,’ Hugo thought. His young wife had blindly instigated him.

She had grown tired from biting him, so she let go of his arm and sniffled. Her pitiful crying form was adorable. Her face was directly stimulating his endless sexual desire. He started to doubt his conviction in the type of women he thought he liked before. He clamped his mouth shut while breathing deeply. He had never been this sexually aroused before.

His firm member was stiffening to its limit and she was squeezing him tightly. He felt very apologetic, but he couldn’t endure any longer. Raising his body, he thrust his hips so that his length could be fully wrapped inside her.

“Hk...”

Lucia’s body twitched from a new-found shocking sensation. He saw her red blood flowing out of the moist junction between her thighs as he pulled out. Her eyes, that were glaring at him coldly, gradually melted with warmth. He once again thrust deeply into her.

“Uck!”

She moaned out loud. She looked to be in pain, but her body twitched with pleasure. When he pulled out, she felt a burn from her inner walls, but once he pushed in again, her entrance swallowed him hungrily. Her soft inner walls continuously stimulated his shaft. He felt a surging sensation that was about to burst at the back of his neck.

“Ah! It hurts! Stop moving! Please!”

As Lucia cried and begged, he paused while inside of her. He had great willpower to stop in such a situation, but she wouldn’t be amazed at this aspect at all.

“I’ve told you, once we start it will be impossible to stop midway.”

As he suppressed his own urges, the veins on his arm bulged.

“It hurts. I feel like I’ll die.”

Upon her crying, he replied in a cold and collected tone.

“You won’t die. Otherwise you wouldn’t have been able to be born into this world.”

She looked like she was suffering an injustice, making him want to tease her.

“Hasn’t your fantasy been fulfilled? I’ve made you scream and cry.”

She didn’t give him permission to move, and upon his shameless answer, she continued to scream.

“Ah! Aah!”

Lucia had no knowledge of a man’s body. He was too big and skillful. An aggressive, skillful woman would have been able to receive him well, but to Lucia, it was overwhelmingly painful. The smooth and relaxing kisses that had covered her body just a while ago seemed to be a lie. He cruelly thrust his hips without stop. Whenever he penetrated deep into her, her breath ceased and a speechless pain followed.

“Uuh! Please a...bit...slower!”

“I am...going slow.”

He was not lying. He was currently holding back to the best of his abilities. If he didn’t, she would have fainted from pain long ago. Even so, he hadn’t intended for events to flow that way. He didn’t want their first night to go like this, but his body spoke of different actions. Fuck . What were her insides made out of that they felt so good? It felt so damn good.

Blood flowed out from their point of union, staining the bed sheets. His sensitive sense of smell picked up the scent of blood. Half of his rationality was already gone. Wet sounds reverberated through the whole room as he kept thrusting vigorously.

“Ang! Ah! Hk!”

She screamed without minding the situation. Her face was pale and her eyes trembled. She looked to be in great pain.

She hung onto his shoulders tightly and her nails dug into his back, creating scratch marks. He really hated it when other people inflicted wounds to his body. Originally, he would have cast the woman aside and left her. However, he didn’t have to slightest intention to leave at the moment.

When he saw her eyes well up with tears, his appetite for her intensified even more. He wanted to hang onto her and bury himself into this soft and petite woman so madly, and ravage her while licking her entire body.

‘It hurts...’

It felt like a blazing fire was burning inside her. Her body moved up and down along with his strong thrusts. Everything was so different than what she’d imagined. She thought he would thrust a few times and that would be the end. This was painful, hot, and drawn-out.

The pain was there, but the it was at the back of her mind right now. She had long realized it wasn’t the pain that was making her so tired; something was surging within her and she couldn’t take it. His firm shaft sunk into her, thrusting in and sliding out. The terrible pain gradually dulled.

“Hha... Hha..”

Lucia’s screaming lessened. Instead her rough breaths increased, flooding the room. Her eyes were still stained with tears, but they were filled with something warm. It wasn’t due to pain but something different, which made her knit her brows.

It hurt. It definitely hurt, but... Something felt strange. From the tip of her toes to the top of her head, an overwhelming euphoric shock engulfed her body. She swallowed back her scream and let out a low breath.

“Your insides are shaking like crazy.”

He firmly held onto her hips as he bore deeper into her. Her juices, mixed with bits of blood, flowed out from her down to her buttocks. As he continued to thrust, the viscous fluids created a constant moist slapping sound. Their point of connection had residual blood splattered here and there.

“Ah, hu...”

Her lips no longer let out cries of pain. Instead she mewled and moaned in pleasure. He slowly changed the direction of his thrusts as he penetrated deeper. He concentrated on her panting and groaning, and stubbornly hammered into her most sensitive spot.

“Ah! Aah...”

Her insides squeezed and started to spasm. He saw that she was about to climax and plunged deeper into her.

“Hhk!”

Her body froze and she cried. Her entire body began to tremble. He was far from reaching his limit, but if he continued further, she would faint. He did not have the disgusting hobby of ramming into the body of an unconscious female. His breath was rough as he let himself finish. inside her body.

Shit, he slowed his breath and frowned. It was his first time cumming inside of a woman.

Lucia’s body grew limp as something hot spilled into her body. She panted as her chest rose up and down.

‘Is...it over...?’

Her thoughts didn’t last long. She felt his large hand caress her forehead and just like that, she instantly fell asleep.

It felt like her body had melted into the blanket as fatigue washed over her. When she opened her eyes, a sliver of the morning sun was peeking through the curtains. The soft breathing from the man next to her gave her a strange feeling.

‘That’s right... I’m... married...’

She was thirsty, so she got up carefully, trying not to wake him.

“Uuh...”

A groan escaped her lips unknowingly. It felt like something was drumming on her body. She struggled out of the bed, and as soon as she put her feet on the floor, no strength gathered in her legs and she fell down. Thankfully, there was a rug on the floor and she didn’t hurt her knees too badly.

Her body hurt like someone had beat her up all over. Every muscle in her body felt sore. Deep between her legs, a constant throbbing pain persisted. It didn’t help that it felt like something was still inside of her. She hurt inside and out, just everywhere.

Lucia massaged her own shoulders and arms and discovered a strange mark there.

‘What’s this?’

A reddish purple bruise was stained there.

‘How did I get bruised here? When did I bump into something?’

She pressed the bruise with her finger, but it didn’t hurt. On her other arm, a similar bruise was there. She stared confused for a while and a memory from when he had painfully sucked on her wrists shot through her mind.

She carefully untied her robe and observed her chest. She discovered more similar bruise marks. Shocked, she quickly tied her robe again. Her face burned from embarrassment and she covered it with both hands.

‘Aah. Oh my god. Oh my god. Just let me die. What to do?’

Embarrassment started flooding in like a tide. She was a pitiful child, whose heart beat wildly from just a kiss. In one night, a grand event had occurred.

‘So this is what it is?’

She experienced sex for the first time in her life. The husband inside her dream, Count Matin, had been impotent. He would roughly rub against her lower body and in a few moments he would gasp wildly and that would be the end. It gave her goose bumps. She could not understand why people loved to do such a thing.

She understood why Hugo laughed, saying she had learned sex from something so boring. Something like yesterday night, she would never find in a book anywhere. It wasn’t something meant to bear children; it was something more mysterious than simple pleasure. They had connected physically in the deepest level possible.

‘How do people do this and... break up? How is a divorce possible?’

It was a conversation. A deep, heavy conversation that only two people could share.

It was odd. Before, he had seemed like a stranger, but this morning she felt a bit closer to him.

‘Just a little... No, it hurt a lot, but...’

If he asked her to do it again with him, she wouldn’t want to go out of her way to refuse. It hurt a lot, but that wasn’t the whole experience. The feeling of his heavy body pressing down on her, the way he caressed her as he kissed her, his breath and the way his red eyes shook with heat... That sensation that had flooded into her body... Was that what people called pleasure...? As she went through her memories of last night, the inner side of her thighs began to heat up.

‘Stop!! Stop thinking! Something else, something else, something else...’

Lucia shook her head left and right trying to shake off her thoughts.

‘Did I ever dress myself back into my pajamas...?’

She had no memory of it happening. Had he dressed her? Had he ordered a maid to do it? She remembered she had sweated a lot, but her skin felt soft and fresh.

Lucia gazed at the bedroom door absentmindedly. That was a very wide and extravagant room. A high ceiling, marble pillars, the horrifyingly luxurious decorations...

‘I might have... done something amazing.’

She wondered whether she had the skills and confidence to live on as the Duchess following her marriage. If she was being greedy for something beyond her reach, in the end she would be the one to suffer.

‘I won’t... regret.’

She decided she would not. She would bear whatever ending resulted from her actions. If she had to pay the price, she would do so. She decided she would not do something like cry. She wasn’t sold off to this marriage. It was her own choice.

(end)

Footnotes:

(1)For the sake of the uneducated young girls, the hymen membrane myth is widely misunderstood. It is not true that females would bleed a river. Please look over this as merely something for the fantasy novels.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 9
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Ch 9

First Night (3)

Translated: iseuli

Edited: lili

Note : In the Korean raw when people are sharing verbal dialogue, it’s very easy to differentiate who is who without extra explanations because one will talk in polite form while others do not (or they have their own style of talking). But this does not translate well because of many reasons. Thus, I include (name) after quotes to help you out. This portion is not part of the raw. It’s just extra notes so readers will have a smoother experience.

Hugo, who was still lying in bed, slightly furrowed his brows and opened his eyes. His eyes were clear, as if he had been awake all along. He was sensitive to his surroundings and had been awake from the moment Lucia began struggling in bed.

‘What in the world is she doing?’

After she had fallen off the bed with a thump, only silence followed. He threw off the blanket and got up. He moved his body lightly, unlike a person who had been asleep till recently. Getting up from bed, he walked around to her side.

She was sitting there in daze as she started frantically shaking her head from side to side. She grasped onto the mattress and struggled to stand up. Though not accustomed to personally helping others, he couldn’t sit quietly and do nothing. He walked toward her with a slow pace, being careful not to scare her.

“Oh...”

Her pumpkin orange eyes opened wide as she viewed the empty bed and his upright figure.

“You have bad sleeping habits. How could you fall off such a wide bed?”

He had woken up just now, so his voice was lower than usual. Even so, he was handsome. Lucia, who was staring at him with dazed eyes, quickly snapped back to reality.

“That’s... not it!”

His arms, that held her up, made her body heat rise, so Lucia tried to push him away with embarrassment. However, his body was as solid as a rock and wouldn’t budge. She decided to quit fighting against him when she saw that any further efforts would be futile.

“Then do you sleepwalk?” (Hugo)

“I woke up to drink water and...” (Lucia)

Lucia felt a little shy for some reason, and looked at the floor while muttering the rest of her words in a low voice.

“Walking is... a bit difficult right now...”

He let out a soft sigh. Putting on the slippers that were under the bed, he moved his feet with light steps. When they reached the end of the rug, the sound of glass shattering under his feet could be heard.

‘Ah... I broke a glass cup yesterday...’

She had forgotten all about it. If it weren’t for him, she would have walked right into the floor strewn with glass pieces with her bare feet.

He easily carried Lucia up with one arm and stopped in front of the table. Pouring a glass of water, he handed her the cup.

“Don’t break it this time.”

“...Yes.”

He never stopped teasing her. Tsk, she mumbled silent complaints to herself and obediently accepted the cup.

He wasn’t just tall, he was also very strong. He was handling her easily as if she were a small child. He was supporting her buttocks and hips with only one arm, but she felt very well-balanced and at ease.

“Thank...you.”

He took her empty cup and placed it on the table.

“Anything else?”

“...Huh?”

“Shall I take you to the bathroom?”

“No!!”

Lucia yelled while her face glowed red. Her gaze met his, and it felt like his red eyes were laughing at her. His black hair was usually styled neatly, but currently his hair was tossed in its natural form and it seemed amazing to her. Lucia raised her hand and combed his hair out of his face. His brows twitched slightly.

She was embarrassed of her impulsive action and his fierce stare felt burdensome. She followed his line of sight down and was startled with shock. Half her breasts were out in the open with her nipples peeking out a little. She had tied her robe carelessly before, but it had come undone. Her ears felt hot.

Lucia hurriedly held her robe and attempted to cover up. Unfortunately, her robe was caught between his arms and her body, and pulling at it didn’t do anything to help cover herself up. Just then, his hand firmly grasped her breast.

“Hp...” (breath in)

Lucia gasped in alarm and quickly darted her eyes to him. His red eyes seemed to trap her and she couldn’t move. He had been staring at her all this time, and she could feel his gaze turn heavier. She was scared, but she couldn’t turn her eyes away from him.

As soon as he grasped her breast with a bit of strength, Lucia took a breath and moaned. He laid her on the table and took a mouthful of her breast.

“Ah!”

An electrifying sensation ran up her spine. His lips were sucking on her breast while his tongue stroked her nipple. He lightly nibbled on it, then dug his tongue in.

“Ah! Hk!”

Lucia gripped his shoulder while her body spasmed from the stimulation. The hard table supported her body as he pressed down onto her. Greedily seizing her breasts, he teasingly licked, bit, and sucked on them without pause. The sucking sound that escaped his lips flustered her, and her body burned up with heat.

The belt had long fallen to the floor while her robe laid completely undone on top of the table. The cold air brushed against her skin as her naked body was exposed to the open. He spread her legs by propping one of them up on his arm. His finger rubbed against her as he slowly made his way in.

“Uu...”

A burning pain made her cry out. She was still hurting from the aftereffects of taking in his huge length at once. Even so, after his finger pushed and pulled from inside, her juices started flowing out, causing an embarrassing sound to echo throughout the room. Thanks to that, his finger could glide in and out easily. However, she was still suffering from pain.

“Does it hurt?”

Lucia hurriedly nodded. She stared at him with a helpless and desperate crying look. It hurts. I don’t want to do it. She sent this message to him with her eyes. But when his finger left and instead his hardened member prodded her, she paled completely white. When his length entered her tender insides, she started to cry.

“Ssh...”

He tried to calm her down while kissing her, but he pushed in deeper. Her insides were burning and painful.

“Uuck...”

It was a different pain from the time he had first entered her. Her insides were painful and the muscles all over her body were sore. Huge droplets of tears fell one after another from her eyes.

He put his strength behind his thrusts as he pushed into her on top of the table. Really... It felt too good. Her insides firmly wrapped around his member and stimulated him in all the right places. Feeling like he was tasting something sweet, he lightly licked her lips.

‘She really...makes a person go crazy.’

Her tears, her expression, her sniffling cries, the screaming, her sweet body and skin, her innocent reactions, her insides that firmly hugged his erection... Everything about her caused him to become exponentially aroused. It was as if he had turned into a starved vampire who had caught the scent of blood. The demon inside him hissed to release his inner beast and rough her up until his sexual hunger was satisfied.

‘I can’t.’

If he acted on his inner demon, that frail woman would die. His young wife was frail and weak; with a little bit of strength, she could easily break. She was still too inexperienced to fully accept a man. It would be bad if he killed his wife the first night after marriage.

He lightly kissed Lucia, who was crying. He tangled his tongue inside her small mouth and thoroughly investigated. While doing so, he composed his sanity that was about to fly off into space. Their kiss continued until she looked to be out of breath.

His length was fully sheathed inside her. He slowly pulled out and Lucia groaned. She squeezed her eyes thinking it wasn’t over yet. However, he simply helped Lucia dress and lifted her up once again. Lucia watched him with big eyes.

He laid her onto the bed. Lucia looked at him suspiciously while keeping very quiet.

“Are you regretting it?”

Lucia quickly shook her head from side to side.

“I won’t touch you anymore, so go to sleep.”

She relaxed, letting her tense muscles loosen. She was behaving so noticeably different, that he had to swallow back the bitter smile forming on his lips.

‘So she’s that kind of person.’

He let out a sigh. His circumstances were laughable and pitiful. His very stiff piece of wood was starting to hurt from pent up sexual frustration. It would take too long to let it cool down on its own, but he was irked that he would need to take care of it himself. He never had to masturbate as he’d never had a shortage of women; thus he never had to resort to such means.

He sighed, confused over how to go about this situation, while Lucia admired him. The room was brighter now, and she could see his face more clearly. It would be difficult to find someone else as handsome as him.

His sculpted face was well-balanced; his features perfectly harmonized with one another. He had a high bridge nose and sharp eyes. She could not find any flaws on him. Even so, people didn’t refer to the Duke of Taran as ‘charming’.

‘Because...of his facial expressions...?’

He was always indifferent and cold. It was impossible to read his inner thoughts by observing his expressions. One would have a hard time guessing whether he was feeling good or bad.

He was well-known for his military prestige and frightful presence during war, making others fear him.

He got up and disappeared somewhere. She watched her handsome husband leave with a sad heart, without the slightest clue that he was going to the bathroom to take care of his rigid member.

‘Why did he agree to marry me...?’

She had no idea. A lot had happened between them, but not enough to justify such a result. He would be able to find many women who would agree to the same terms as her. Back then, she had chosen the best path possible, but thinking back, it didn’t add up perfectly. It would be correct for him to laugh at her like a joke and brush her off like a bug.

He returned from the bathroom with a foul temper. He was able to release the pent up sexual frustration, but he didn’t feel satisfied at all. If anything, he felt awkward. He had just married; there was a perfect female in front of him, yet he had to resort to jerking himself off. He had decided to act like a gentleman because of her, but he couldn’t help boiling with anger on the inside. He hid all his anger within his heart and returned to bed.

She didn’t go back to sleep, simply rolling in bed. When her pumpkin orange eyes watched him, he couldn’t help but feel annoyed. However from his expression alone, one would never know his true feelings. He seemed to be wearing a cold and unconcerned mask.

“You’re not returning to sleep? If you don’t sleep, you won’t be able to gather any strength for later. In a few hours, we’ll be leaving for the North, it won’t be an easy ride.”

“I will not become a hindrance to your daily affairs. Please do not worry.”

Her voice was firm and strong, and he couldn’t help but scan her body condition up and down.

“You can’t walk.”

Lucia looked defensive while pouting her lips. When he continued to stare at her face, she mouthed a silent ‘What?’

“... You were thinking of doing it again, weren’t you?”

She caught him off guard with that question, causing him to burst out laughing.

“So you’re saying it’s my fault you can’t walk.”

“...It is not like I cannot. It just feels... a bit weird...”

“I’ll call for a doctor in the morning.”

“Huh? I’m fine. I’m really fine.”

Lucia was shocked and politely refused. How was she supposed to explain that embarrassing pain to another person? Although that person would be a doctor, she still didn’t want to.

Lucia stood up to prove her perfect body condition, but her muscles were stiff and her lower body was shooting with pain. She let out a silent scream inside her heart, while beads of cold sweat formed on her forehead.

Tch. He clicked his tongue and smoothly helped her return to bed.

“If you’re tired, clearly explain it to me. From my point of view, it will be impossible to leave today.”

“I am really fine. Please do not feel you must change your schedule because of me.”

“It will be a carriage ride of at least three or four days. There will be no villages or towns you can rest in on the way there. You’ll need to spend all those days inside a carriage. Are you telling me you’re fine with that?”

“Yes, I’m really fine.”

“Don’t be stubborn about stupid things.”

One must take responsibility for one’s words. It would be troublesome to shout out proud words, then make a lot of petty excuses later. He needed to understand her mentality clearly in order to plan for any changes, so he could minimize any sort of trouble that would emerge later on. Preventive measures would become impossible once problems were blindly left for the future because ‘there’s no helping it.’

There was no difference with women as well. They would say ‘I’m fine, don’t worry about me.’ But later, they would tell him that wasn’t what they’d meant. They would complain that he could not understand their feelings. Whenever that happened, he would break up with them on the spot. Anyone who hid and harbored complaints within their hearts would end up stabbing him in the back one day.

“I am not trying to be stubborn... I understand you have urgent business in the North. It is true that I am suffering a bit of discomfort, but I feel I must bear it for now.”

A slight crack formed on his frosty expression. The urgent situation in his Dukedom. That was the excuse he’d given to settle the marriage in an informal matter. He hadn’t shared explicit details on the matter, and anyone would conclude that the next step would be to hurry back as soon as possible.

Of course he couldn’t explain, ‘I settled the marriage this way because it would be too troublesome otherwise. There’s nothing going on up North.’ He tried to hide his embarrassment, so his voice sounded friendlier than usual.

“...It’s not so urgent that problems would arise by being a few days late. I’ll delay our travels to a later date.”

Lucia observed him once more. The man was not as overbearing and cold as she had originally believed. He didn’t ignore any of her words, and conversing with him didn’t feel uncomfortable at all. The more she got to know him, the more she didn’t understand. He wasn’t such a bad person, but he wasn’t a good person either. Whenever she settled on one, the next moment she would think a different way.

“Is it okay... to ask you one more thing?”

“No. Go back to sleep.”

“When the urgent business in the North is settled, will you return to the capital?”

That woman was really... He glared at her with cold eyes, but she didn’t seem scared or meek at all. She was like that from the beginning; she didn’t have any hesitation when dealing with him. She was quiet, but she expressed everything she needed to. It would be fine to ignore her if he was so annoyed, but he felt strange that he didn’t mind answering all her questions.

“There will be many things to do. I haven’t made any plans to return to the capital any time soon.”

He had told the Crown Prince he would be back in two years, but there was no explicit date set up. It would be fine to extend the deadline as much as he wanted.

“Will that be okay? I mean... did the Crown Prince gladly agree to your request?”

That was a question he didn’t expect. Hugo met her gaze with interested eyes. It was true that he sided with the Crown Prince, but he didn’t do anything for him personally. There was nobody who could give a concrete confirmation that it was definitely so. It was a sensitive topic. Was this woman interested in power? He stored that information with interest.

“He didn’t gladly agree.”

Kwiz had tried to tie Hugo down with both threats and bribes. But he hadn’t felt tempted at all. He had formed a perfect administration system in the North, so even if he wasn’t there, the Dukedom would be fine in the long term. However, there was a need to make his presence as the Duke known.

“I see that... you stick with any decisions you make until the end.”

Lucia had grasped that one tendency of his. Once he made a decision, he would promptly advance forward. It only took a month for them to hold an informal marriage. Without a pause, everything had happened so fast. Before she realized, she was already signing her name on the marriage certificate.

“Have you ever had a time when you regretted a decision you have made?”

His silence felt painful.

“...If the question was too personal then...”

“Never. I have no attachments to anything of the past. It’s useless to hold onto something that’s impossible to change.”

It was so. She felt a chilling tug at her heart.

‘Once he throws me away, he will never look back. Whether it’s his work, human relations, or girls.’

He was a strong and arrogant man. He had been that way inside her dream, as well. He had always been confident and received people’s praise as something matter-of-factly. Many yearned for him. It wasn’t easy to approach him, and the most people could do was sneak glances at him from afar. It might be that Lucia liked that man far more than what she’d imagined.

It was amazing that he was within her reach. She had become his wife. It was unbelievable that she was his woman now.

‘Such bright eyes.’

Hugo thought to himself while watching her pumpkin colored eyes gazing back. Her eyes sparkled with desire, awe, and fear. Usually, the women who desired him had no such emotions. The many women who tried to seduce him desired his wealth and authority. He hadn’t seen a woman whose eyes were so clear.

Was she so different because she had grown up in such unique circumstances? If she had grown up like normal royalty, surrounded by servants, she wouldn’t have been any different than the others. This was probably only possible because she had grown up believing she was of common birth.

His theory of life was that the world couldn’t change. Someday, her clear eyes would be polluted by this world’s greed. She could only remain so innocent until now, because she hadn’t experienced the true world yet. She was just a late bloomer.

She didn’t seem dull-headed, so at least she wouldn’t be annoying in the future. In addition, her body didn’t just feel good, it felt amazing. He was perfectly satisfied with those results, although it was a rushed marriage.

“It seems you’ll go to sleep only after I leave.”

“How about Your Grace? You are not sleeping anymore?”

“I wake up around this time everyday.”

“This...early?”

Count Matin had only woken up when the sun was up high – mid day. She suspected he hadn’t lived to see such a thing as the morning throughout his life. But in his defense, it was not because Count Matin was particularly lazy or anything. It was common practice for nobles to go to sleep far past midnight and wake up late in the morning. The reason being, nobles frequented various balls, social parties, and dinners late into the night.

“I told you not to call me ‘Your Grace’ in bed.”

“...Yes. But it is... not so easy. It doesn’t feel right...”

Other women were always impatient to call him by name. But this woman was not so easy. Although he was sitting close to her, she didn’t place one finger on his body. After a night of heat, women would cuddle and cling onto him like a piece of gum.

‘Was yesterday unpleasant? Maybe it was a bad idea trying to touch her just now?’

She was different from other women. Other women didn’t cry from pain like her. For the first time since he was born, he started to suspect his own self-pride.

“Vivian.”

He never kept questions inside his heart, but facing such clear eyes staring back at him, he couldn’t muster up the courage to ask, ‘How did you feel about our first night together?’ It might be that he was scared of what might come out of the girl’s mouth. In her case, she would not reply ‘it was nice’ for the sake of the man’s pride.

“...Rather than my name, practice not getting shocked hearing your own name. Maybe it’s just that you don’t like it when I call your name?”

“...I’m uncomfortable... with the name...”

“I have to call you by something.”

“There are many ways to call me.”

“Many ways? What other ways... My wife? Honey? Darling? My love? Cutie?”

Lucia’s face glowed bright red. How did he speak such words so naturally?

“Choose.”

When she remained frozen with her mouth shut tight, he tilted his head.

“Do you hate the common ways to be addressed? What about my sunshine or my soul mate?

“My name! Please just call me by my name.”

“Mm. I think that’s the best too, Vivian.”

Lucia became sulky seeing his sneaky smile. As expected of a player. She had no expectations that he would remain faithful to her because he was married. Inside her dream, although he had no public girlfriends after marriage, he would have had many girls to play around with hidden somewhere.

“Let’s stop here. Go back to sleep.”

“But...”

“Vivian!”

Lucia’s eyes grew wide, then giggled the next moment. What to do? He mumbled to himself while watching her with gentle eyes as she laughed.

“How many hours do you usually sleep?”

“About three to four hours.”

“Everyday?”

“There are times when I can sleep for only one or two hours, too.”

In shock, Lucia’s mouth gaped wide open. Being a Duke was not an easy job that anyone could handle. It was only possible for someone as hardworking as this person.

“...I’m sorry. That will be impossible for me. I might die sleeping only three to four hours a day.”

“...Did I ever ask you to do the same?”

“Your Grace... Hugh... How can the Duke’s wife sleep while her husband is working...?”

It was confusing whether he was laughing from amusement or from being at a loss for words.

“I appreciate your sentiment, but there’s no need. Just close that mouth of yours and sleep.”

His hand covered Lucia’s eyes. His huge hand covered most of her face. He wasn’t particularly fond of talking with women, but he didn’t find conversing with her annoying. Actually, she had a very nice voice. She didn’t have the typical fake and high-pitched nasal voice but a clear and gentle, soothing one.

“I’m sorry for annoying you.”

“...”

He didn’t feel annoyed. But he didn’t bother to deny her statement.

Within the darkness, Lucia blinked a few times and soon returned to sleep. He watched her breathe in a slow and relaxed rhythm, and quietly chuckled.

He watched her sleep peacefully for a short while before he got up. He walked around the bed to her side and bent down, then lightly kissed her cheeks as her breath tickled his cheek. He gently sucked on her soft lower lip and separated with a lick. When he straightened up, his expression looked very complicated.

***

Jerome and three maids were on standby in the receiving room. There was no way they would disturb the newlywed couple in their own bedroom. Following the death of the last generation’s Duchess, this golden rule had been ignored. However, since the appearance of a new Duchess, it had been reinstated.

When Hugo finished his bath, the three maids moved swiftly to aid him. They patted down the remnant water on his body, while taking off his robe to help him into his regular clothes. They discovered a round bite mark on their Lord’s arm and red scratch marks on his shoulder, however nobody spoke of them, and promptly hid them underneath his clothes.

The three maids moved like they were a single entity with perfect harmony. The youngest of the three siblings was 17. Their parents had passed away due to an epidemic from the slums and the siblings were the only ones to survive through the ordeal.

The three had become orphans and had lost their voices due to the epidemic. Jerome had taken them under his wing and had educated them personally. The three were smart and loyal. Many years had passed, and they currently excelled at their job to the point that Jerome didn’t need to look out for them at all.

“All the preparations to leave are complete. Would you like to do the final inspections one last time?”

“I’m pushing our trip to tomorrow.”

“Yes, Your Grace. The palace maids came for a visit late last night. When we informed them that you were sleeping, they said they would return this morning.”

Kwiz was quite stubborn. He hadn’t given up at all. He would most likely continue to pester him with letters, asking for him to return to the capital. It was also a talent to pester him to the highest degree possible without causing an annoyance.

“The next time they visit, let them stay the night. I should visit the palace today.”

Since there was time, he should visit and pacify him a bit. The battles within the inner palace for the title of the next Emperor were fierce. The Crown Prince was everyone’s target due to his title alone. The Crown Prince at this time had no power to suppress anyone; he was simply a huge flashy target for everyone. Although the situation was intense, Kwiz had yielded to the Duke’s decision of returning to the North.

“While I’m away, call for a doctor.”

Up until this day, the Duke had never called for a doctor once. The person with the most free time was the Duke’s family doctor. Thus, everyone was able to understand why the doctor needed to be called.

“Is the Duchess ill?”

“No. Don’t call the doctor yet. When our Princess wakes up, ask if she requires a doctor. Follow her decision.”

The Duke didn’t forget any detail of last night.

“Be sure to call for a female doctor.”

“...Yes, Your Grace.”

A female doctor? Jerome’s brain spun dizzily. He decided he would try to decipher his Lord’s hidden message later. Where in the world would he be able to find a female doctor? He decided he had to carry out an investigation for the best female doctors ahead of time.

“Your Grace, this is Fabian.”

Hugo furrowed his brows once he heard the voice from outside the door. It was too early for Fabian to show up. If it was anything so urgent that he would show up, it was never good news. Once Fabian received permission to enter, he observed courtesy to the Duke and passed an envelope.

“An urgent message has arrived from the North.”

Hugo’s expression darkened as he read the message. It seemed he jinxed it. Things had turned out for the worse in his territory for real. That had resulted from the long absence of the Duke.

If the owner didn’t properly discipline his subjects, whether they be animals or humans, they would eventually forget their standing. The barbarians were very faithful to this logic. They wouldn’t dare act out of line, as long as they were properly kept in check with fear.

“Haven’t I been pretty generous when they weren’t thinking of annoying me?”

His low growl caused a chilling atmosphere. Jerome and Fabian kept their mouths shut and attended to their Lord with cautious eyes. They understood he didn’t ask that question waiting for an answer.

“Fabian. Inform throughout our Northern territory that I will grace them with my presence. I should make my rounds with everyone since it’s on the way.”

“But, Your Grace, then...”

“It doesn’t matter. I’m looking forward to seeing how much they can struggle. It will make me very happy to see them burning with fighting spirit. That way, stepping on them will be amusing.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Fabian gave a short and firm response.

“Jerome. I’ll depart soon. You remain here and escort the Duchess home. Don’t feel you must rush home.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Jerome followed behind the Duke, who was already leaving the mansion. Hugo left one last message before saddling onto his horse.

“This is the Taran’s Lady of the House. Give all your respects to her.”

“We will follow your commands, Your Grace.”

He kicked his horse and raced into the distance. The knights who were on standby followed behind him. Jerome stood still, watching the Duke until he couldn’t be seen anymore. Before he opened the door to the mansion, he turned once more toward the direction that the Duke had disappeared.

“...The Taran’s Lady of the House.”

The Duke hadn’t said any great words. ‘Give all your respects to her’. He had conveyed words that were so obvious. But those obvious words spoke volumes by the mere fact that they were spoken by Hugo, the Duke of Taran himself. The Duke wasn’t someone who looked after others. He didn’t even bother to keep the appearance of doing so.

‘Am I reading too deeply into something he casually said?’

Only the future could tell.

(end)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 10
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Ch 10

Northern Territory (1)

Some time after Hugo departed, Lucia woke up because she needed to use the bathroom. She hoisted herself up and pulled on a rope to call the maids. She was suffering from heartburn due to the heavy alcohol consumption yesterday. As if the maids were on standby right outside the room, they appeared a second later.

“Your Grace, good morning.”

“I wish to use the washroom, aid me up.”

Leaning on the maids, Lucia managed to get out of bed. When she tried to support herself on her own feet, an ache shot up through her body, causing her to grimace.

“Are you feeling unwell? Shall we call for the doctor?”

Lucia momentarily observed the maids’ expressions. The maids observed the highest form of respect while they spoke, but she couldn’t help feeling like they were telling her ‘We know where and why you are in pain.’

Maybe it was her own inferiority complex, as the maids’ expressions never changed. It was a relief she had the old maids to attend to her. If some of the younger maids in their twenties were attending to her, she would have been very uncomfortable due to her embarrassment.

Lucia understood every part of a maid’s life and habits. In front of their Lords, they would behave with courtesy, as they are educated to keep a blank expression at all times. However, they only kept to that practice when they were in front of the masters. Behind their master’s back, they would laugh and jeer like any other normal human being.

Maids often boarded in the same mansion as their masters, and were limited in their own freedom. Therefore, their interest and source of entertainment would naturally be directed toward their master’s family affairs. Their lives were a repeat of paying attention to their master’s words and habits. In their mundane existence, those moments felt like events to them.

Back when Lucia worked as a maid(1), she had stuck to concentrating on her tasks. She had been a quiet and sincere maid. Eventually, she had become her master’s favored servant and had often attended to her master during grand social events. When Lucia had become her master’s favorite, the other maids had looked at her with disdain and had ostracized her.

Had Lucia’s personality been more lively, she would have asked her master to punish the other servants and gone about with her head held high. However, all she had cared about was doing her job to the best of her abilities.

One would think that they would be grateful to her for that, but it was not so. They had treated her like a bug. Even so, Lucia hadn’t felt hurt seeing their behavior. If one were to listen to their words carefully, they didn’t hold any elegant conversations. That was especially true the mornings after their masters came out of the same bedroom. The maids’ gossips would become especially bad. Lucia would only sigh listening to what the other maids were laughing over.

These were the Duke’s maids, but they would be no different. However, if the maids weren’t seen talking that way, there was no way she could do anything to punish them.

It was just a little stressful, because she knew all the dark and dirty secrets that would happen behind the scenes.

“...No need. It will be fine if you assist me for a bit. That’s right, yesterday I broke a cup.”

“We have already cleaned it up. But please be sure to wear your slippers as a precaution.”

She had slept like a log all those hours, without knowing that the maids were entering and leaving the room. It was possible that she had fainted. Lucia was taking slow steps returning to the bedroom, when she stopped in front of the window. The maids, who were supporting her, also stopped and waited for her quietly.

She could see the grand garden just outside the balcony. The place was humongous, she mumbled to herself when she discovered something running toward the mansion at a fast pace.

‘Roy Krotin...?’

He was running like a wild boar that was being hunted. Had something happened this morning? In one look, she could tell it was something important.

“Where is His Grace now?”

“He has already gone to the Northern territory early this morning.”

“...He’s not here?”

“Concerning this, Madam, the head butler is waiting to inform you of the contents right now.”

“You should have let him into the room then.”

“He is not allowed to enter this place...”

“Ah...”

As long as her husband wasn’t with her, other than females, nobody was allowed to enter her bedroom. Xenon was very flexible when it came to laws on adultery, but it was extremely taboo to let a random male inside the master’s bedroom chambers.

They wouldn’t be able to deny a request for divorce without the slightest compensation. It would be alright outside in the gardens, but it was forbidden inside the bedroom chambers. It was a laughable custom since the old times.

There was a different country before the war, who pointed their finger at Xenon, claiming that Xenon was in disorder. Xenon had sent a letter saying they were insulting the country’s royal family, and had managed to receive an apology... But still, Lucia didn’t doubt their words.

“What about the plans to depart this morning?”

“His Grace has ordered for everything to be pushed for tomorrow.”

“Then it must not be anything too urgent. I will talk with the butler later. I wish to rest awhile longer.”

Lucia requested for a cup of honey water and went back to sleep. Roy’s desperate expression from a while ago kept glimmering in Lucia’s thoughts. The Duke had already left early in the morning, so what did Roy need? Thinking about that was too troublesome, so she fell asleep.

***

“How could this happen? How?”

Roy was fuming in anger under the shining morning sun. His red hair looked like burning flames at that moment. It was a common sight and nobody seemed interested to watch.

“What about the Crown Prince? Why are you here?”

“Who cares? I didn’t agree to do it!” (Roy)

The Crown Prince had agreed to let Hugo leave the capital as long as he left an assuring guard here; Roy being the selected candidate for the deal. It was impossible to predict in which direction Roy would go, but there wasn’t anyone who could beat Roy when it came to skill. The only person who could beat Roy into a pulp was Hugo.

Nobody cared about Roy’s opinions. Hugo had commanded in his usual style, ‘because I said so’, while ignoring any of Roy’s objections. Two nights ago, Roy had thrown a tantrum, refusing to become Kwiz’ guard, and Hugo had given him a bad beating, turning his face black and blue and forcing him into the job.

This morning, the Duke had sent a message to Kwiz by post. Roy had also read the letter while looking over the Crown Prince’s shoulder. It was a brief letter explaining that something had happened in the North, so he would be departing to his Northern territories. The moment Roy read the letter, he had run to the mansion as fast as he could, but the Duke was already gone.

“The Lord has already given you your task. It will be better for you to return, it’s not good to leave your post empty.”

“Ain’t nobody got time for that! Things are going bad in the North! How can he leave me out of something so fun?” Dean looked at Roy like he was pathetic.

“You call that something fun?”

“It’s a hundred times more fun than being stuck next to the Crown Prince like a statue! I’m going to follow him.”

“Yeah, right. Give it your best shot. The Lord will kill you on sight.”

Despite Dean’s merciless prediction, Roy locked arms with Dean.

“Hmph, the Lord might beat me to the brink of death, but he’ll never kill me.”

“...You’re so proud of the oddest things. As you said, you won’t die, but you’ll probably lose an arm or a leg. No, wait. He won’t break any of your bones, but he’ll beat you up so bad, you won’t be able to move for about three or four days.”

Roy glared at him with annoyed eyes, but slumped his shoulders in the end. Roy admired his Lord very much, but from time to time, that personality of his was really one of a kind. But other than Roy, the Duke didn’t bother beating up the other knights.

The only person who dared to annoy the Duke was Roy. In another sense, it was quite admirable that he would continue to defy the Duke while suffering such horible beatings.

“Yes, it’s quite painful. Actually, why are you here? How come you didn’t follow the Lord?” (Roy)

“I’m in charge of escorting Her Grace until we reach the North.” (Dean)

“Ah...His Grace is married now.” (Roy)

Roy mumbled in a flat tone. Others had gaped in shock when they heard about the Duke’s marriage, but Roy had taken the news as it was, without much of a reaction. Roy’s mentality was a bit different than that of the normal population.

“Mm, who has become the Lady of the House? I’ve heard she was a princess.” (Roy)

‘Although I already know about this.’

Roy wasn’t stupid enough to release the Duke’s private information so lightly. Roy would randomly snicker whenever he thought of the day The Duke and the Princess had met.

The Princess had thrown a straight jab at the Duke, ‘I’ve come to propose a marriage.’ At that moment, the Duke had been in total shock. It was so refreshing to see such a petite young miss throw a punch at the Duke.

“I’m a little worried. I’m not used to escorting... nobles.” (Dean)

“You’ll probably be fine.” (Roy)

“Hmm? Have you met the Lady of the House yet?” (Dean)

Roy scratched his head.

“No, but rather... Anyway you’ll probably be fine. It’s my gut feeling.”

Dean burst out laughing.

“Okay. I’ll believe that beastly instinct of yours. Anyway, quit while you’re ahead and return to your duties. If the butler catches sight of you, he’s going to give you an earful.”

“Ugh... Jerome... scares me.”

Sometimes he was much scarier than the Lord.

“Well, I’m thankful for that.”

Roy’s face paled upon the voice that resonated from behind them. Jerome had appeared behind them some time ago, and was glaring at them like a hungry savage beast. Roy screamed as if the God of Death was at his door.

***

When she woke up from her sleep, the midday sun was shining brightly. She could open her eyes, but she couldn’t move her body as she wished. It felt like her body had turned into a giant rock and had become attached to the bed. She felt greater fatigue than she had felt in the morning.

‘It hurts...’

Her muscle ache was getting worse as time passed. She would be able to calm down if her pain had been subsiding after a long time of rest, but it was not so. It was like he had said, the trip to the North would’ve been impossible in her current state. The maids attending to her could tell her condition was getting worse, and they looked restless.

“Your Grace, are you feeling very ill?”

“...Would you be so kind as to bring me a light meal? I would like something I’ll be able to eat in bed with ease.”

Lucia grimaced with pain as she spoke. This morning, her throat had felt only a little dry, but now it felt scratchy and painful.

“Ah, yes. Madam, I’ll have it prepared for you right away.”

In a short moment, the maids brought in trays of food filled with a variety of little dishes. A warm glass of milk, fruit covered with honey and nuts, a small platter of tiny crackers, bread that was still warm to the touch, along with a variety of other snacks. She got up with the aid of others and ate the dishes one bite at a time. As she filled her stomach, she could feel energy forming inside of her.

She finished her meal and took a bath. After that, she went back to rest awhile longer until the late afternoon. Then she went to the receiving room to talk with Jerome. Although only a single day had passed, Lucia’s lively condition had changed to one where she had one foot in the grave. Jerome looked over her with great concern.

“Our Lord has ordered for a doctor upon your request, Your Grace.”

“I don’t need a doctor. I heard he has gone ahead to the North already.”

“Yes, he received an urgent message from the Taran Duchy and left immediately.”

Jerome had been feeling restless over whether the Lady of the House would throw a fit of anger due to that. The Duke had left on urgent business, but the couple had gotten married only yesterday. He had left without a single word of goodbye, and to make it worse, there was no telling when the two would be able to meet again.

Lucia had understood from the beginning that her marriage was settled informally due to urgent business in his Duchy. She wasn’t upset about it at all.

“When will we leave?”

“Ah, yes. It is scheduled for tomorrow, but the Lord has said there is no need to rush. It will be fine to leave when you feel ready.”

“Since everything has been scheduled for tomorrow, let’s leave tomorrow.”

“Yes, Madam. I wish to discuss a quick briefing of the trip. When would be a good time?”

“As long as everything is prepared, I would like to listen to it now.”

“Yes, Madam. We will depart from the capital to the Taran Duchy in Roam. Roam is the city name as well as the name of the Duke of Taran’s castle. The distance we will need to travel is very far, but we will travel by gate, which will shorten our trip to four days. Have you ever used the gate before?”

“Never.”

Xenon was able to remain as one of the powerhouse nations due their magical device referred to as ‘the gate’. No matter from which border, the latest the Emperor could ever receive a message was one week. Whether there was a revolt or an invasion, he was able to relay commands in an efficient manner. Many countries had discovered such ‘gates’. However, Xenon owned the most gates among all the nations.

In the far distant past, there had been a time when magic was commonplace. But one day, magic had suddenly become near nonexistent. Up to this day, historians were still doing research to figure out the cause of that phenomenon.

When the kingdom of magic had vanished from the world, the mage profession and all their research had disappeared as well. However, magical artifacts remained throughout the world, and were considered treasured antiques. Magical artifacts were usually stored in the national treasury. Among those magical artifacts, there were ones that were embedded into the earth, allowing one to teleport; those magic artifacts were called ‘gates.’

“To reach the nearest gate, it will take about half a day by carriage. We will then teleport to the Northern territories and continue to Roam, which will take another four days”

“The Duke’s castle is four days away from the gate? That’s quite far; don’t people usually build closer to the gate?”

“There are only five gates in the North. The gate positioned nearest to Roam is surrounded by many rocks and boulders, which will make traveling by carriage very troublesome.”

“There are only five? Although the Northern territory is so wide?”

“Yes, there are only five.”

For this reason, the nobles of the North didn’t frequent the capital. It was too difficult to travel back and forth.

“But, Jerome, not anyone is allowed to freely... access the gate. I understand only government officials are allowed to use the gate. Will it be alright even though we’re traveling for personal reasons.”

“Strictly speaking, Madam is correct. The gate is allowed for only government purposes. However, the capital’s main gate allows its use as long as expenses are paid. Additionally, the Duke has stated that he would like to use the gate. Would there be anyone brave enough to question his request?”

“...I see.”

Her husband was an important figure. But that fact hadn’t completely sunk in. The status of a noblewoman was based on her husband or father. Even if one became an Empress, she wouldn’t automatically be recognized by high society. There had never been a case where an unknown low-ranked noblewoman would randomly climb to the top of the social ladder.

Females considered everything belonging to their father and husband as their own property as well. If the Duchess were to display her influence, the baroness would need to cater to the commands of the Duchess. It was not written in law. However, everyone accepted that system.

Inside her dream, she was a Countess. Count Matin possessed territories and held a lot of influence over others due to the Matin Family’s long history in the capital. As such, there were many females of lower status than Lucia.

Even so, Lucia had never stepped over those around herself to feed her own pride. In the first place, Lucia had never felt a sense of proprietorship over Count Matin’s assets.

Therefore, Lucia couldn’t grasp a concrete sense of her place in the social ladder. If she used her husband’s social position to control others like other women, would she end up enjoying it? At the moment, she felt she was only a parasitic existence to the Duke.

“I will introduce you to those who will escort us to the North tomorrow. Do you have any other questions?”

“Is there anything I should be careful of during the trip?”

“If I think of anything, I will inform you tomorrow.”

She spent the day relaxing in bed. The next morning, Lucia felt much more energetic.

But there was a different problem. Following the first night with him, the blood flowing from her body wouldn’t stop. The bleeding wasn’t too intense, but the maids attending to her couldn’t help but take notice.

“Madam, as a precaution, let us call for a doctor.”

The next day, instead of departing as planned, a female doctor was called.

All the experienced female doctors they had found out were nervously waiting. There were not many female doctors around. It was rare for a woman to be accepted into a formal medical school. Even if one were to become a formal doctor, she would always be compared to her male counterparts.

When a female gave a diagnosis, nobody would accept it as a true and final diagnosis. A noblewoman’s bedroom was off limits to men, but male doctors were exempt from that rule. There was no reason for nobles to go out of their way to find a female doctor. The demand for female doctors was low, and the numerous well-known male doctors could be found left and right. Thus, the women who worked in the medical field could barely make a living.

Most of the time, a doctor’s wife would be an assistant for many years, then later formally start her education to become a doctor. It was useful when a husband and wife were both doctors. All the female doctors who were found today were of similar circumstances.

But the female doctor called over today was a widow.

It was very rare for a prestigious noble family to request for a female family doctor. She followed the maid to the Lady of the House’s bedroom. When she spotted a petite woman waiting while laying in bed, much of her nerves relaxed. She had imagined an overbearing noblewoman, but the patient in front of her looked like a young girl.

“Do you feel uncomfortable anywhere?”

The noblewoman’s face was flushed cherry red and could not answer immediately. The woman hesitated and looked to her maid for help. The maid took notice and asked, “Shall I explain in your stead, Madam?” When permission was given, she explained in a quiet but steady voice.

The female doctor, who was listening to the maid’s explanation with great concentration, gradually relaxed. She peeked at her patient in bed and swallowed back her laughter. The newlywed bride appeared to be very adorable.

“Your Grace, do you feel pain anywhere?”

“...Just a little when I move...”

“Do you think it’s possible that you are menstruating?”

“No.”

“Every virgin has different reactions following their consummation. They may bleed a lot or not at all. Sometimes, there are cases where they will bleed for many days. As long as there’s no heavy blood flow like when you are menstruating or pain while remaining still, there will be nothing you need to worry about. Your body will fix itself with time. Please do not overwork your body and rest for about another four days, and you will regain your health.”

As Lucia listened to the doctor, her face grew increasingly hot. She would’ve been fine just resting; she needlessly requested for a doctor. It felt like she was announcing to the world the events from last night, and she could not lift her head up from embarrassment.

“Ah, but please do not consummate until you don’t feel any pain while moving. A female’s reproductive organs are more delicate than they appear. If you’re not careful, you might experience bad side effects.”

“In any case...”

In any case, what? He wasn’t here right now, so there was no way to consummate? Did that mean she would do something if he was here? Lucia asked questions to herself while answering them, feeling increasingly embarrassed.

“Ah... Anyway, I understand. Your job is done so be on your way. Thank you for stopping by.”

“You do not require further medication, but I shall prescribe body strengthening medications for you to assist the recovery process.”

After the completion of the prescription, Jerome called the doctor to a separate room.

“Did you think about our offer?”

Once the Duke requested for a talented female doctor, Jerome had searched for one very quickly. There were a handful of talented female doctors in the capital, but it would be difficult to find one back in Roam.

He wouldn’t let any orders by his Lord pass by without action. He thoroughly thought of the hidden meanings and fulfilled his duties. It was many times more troublesome to carry out his job in that way, but the job of a butler was his calling in life and he had never in his life thought it was a tiresome job.

He didn’t simply find a female doctor for Her Grace. The Duke’s family doctor was Philip, a male doctor. It appeared the Duke was not fond of Philip looking out for Her Grace’s health. His instincts were usually correct.

Jerome offered for Anna to become Her Grace’s personal family doctor. Yesterday, Jerome had asked Anna to stop by the mansion, and when he asked if she could look over a patient for him, she had agreed.

“You told me that I do not need to leave the capital for good.”

“Yes, after a few years, you may return to the capital.”

“I will accept your offer.”

Anna didn’t want to leave this place full of many memories, but she lived by herself and it was difficult to find such a stable job with a prestigious noble family. Jerome laughed with a polite smile.

“I welcome you into the Duke of Taran’s family, Anna.”

(end)

Foot notes:

(1) Back when (Lucia) worked as a maid – In Lucia’s dream, she worked as a maid following her divorce with Count Matin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 11
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia ch 11

Northern Territory (2)

translated: iseuli

edited: lili

Lucia slept her days away, recovering. She had to rest for another two days for the bleeding to stop. She felt much better, and although her inner thighs were a little sore when she moved, it was bearable.

Lucia was the only person at leisure before the departure; everyone else around her was busily taking care of last minute necessities. Jerome was mainly focused on checking the food rations and emergency medicine for their travel, as well as the necessary commodities for Her Grace’s comfort.

14 employees worked together to plan out a detailed itinerary of their trip to the North. Lucia and her two maids, Jerome, Anna, the three mute siblings, five servants, and four knights were going to be traveling together. While Lucia was enjoying her last tea time in the receiving room, Jerome decided to introduce her to the four knights who would be traveling with them. When Lucia agreed, Jerome brought the knights into the room.

‘I thought Sir Krotin would be with us.’

Among the knights, she couldn’t recognize any of them. Sir Krotin had run into the estate so vehemently, leaving a deep impression in her mind. However, she thought it would be rude to ask about a different person in front of all these people, so she decided against the idea.

One of the knights was in his mid-twenties, while the other three were about four to five years older. All of them were standing by the door, motionless like a statue. They stood a great distance away from Lucia, who was sitting on the sofa in the receiving room.

“Jerome, is there a reason the knights have to stand so far away?”

“No. However, it is just a precaution in case Your Grace feels scared seeing them up close.”

The knights were tall and bulky in build, and with the addition of armor, they appeared like giants. All of the knights were equipped with a long sword by their hips. Often times, females would be frightened to death seeing them up close.

“It’s fine. Tell them to come closer. I should at least be able to recognize their faces. If an emergency situation occurs, it wouldn’t be right to stand so far away like this.”

To Lucia, the knights’ tall and bulky build didn’t scare her at all. If that were the case, she wouldn’t have been able to approach the Duke at all. She had learned in her dream that a person’s physique didn’t define the person. Inside her dream, she had experience in running a small shop, repairing the knights’ armors and weapons.

“Understood, Madam.”

The knights walked closer until they were only a few steps away. Jerome introduced their names one by one, while the knights gave a courteous nod as their names were mentioned. Among the knights, the eldest one spoke up.

“Your Grace, we will do our best to protect you while providing the best comfort possible. Madam, there is only one thing you must keep in mind. I’m sure this situation would never happen, but in case we become tangled in a dangerous situation, please do not leave Sir Heba’s side.”

The leader of the knights introduced her to Sir Dean Heba. He was the youngest knight of the four.

“Why? Why is Sir Heba to guard me instead of the knights’ leader?”

“That is because Sir Heba is the most skilled among the four of us.”

“I don’t understand. A knight’s rank is to be decided based on skill, not age, according to my knowledge.”

The knights glanced at each other with a strange glint in their eyes. That rule was not written in law, but it was followed by everyone. It was a secretive tradition only known by those who worked closely with other knights.

“That is... because Sir Heba is...”

When the knights’ leader couldn’t reply, Dean answered personally.

“I will explain it for you. I am not of noble birth, nor have I been formally adopted by any knight companies. I’m a knight of commoner blood.”

“So?”

Dean thought his words would be enough to convince Lucia, but he was taken aback when she questioned him instead.

“Because... Maybe Your Grace would feel uncomfortable.”

“To put it shortly, you thought I would feel distrust toward a knight of common birth.”

“...It is so.”

“Your birth status does not decide your skills. I do not wish to break the regulations of knights. Sir Heba, please be in charge of leading the knight company.”

Dean’s eyes trembled as he gazed at Lucia, then bowed his head.

“Yes, Madam.”

He answered with a lot more respect.

When Jerome let the knights leave, he expressed his shock.

“Madam, I didn’t know you were aware of the knights’ regulations. Truthfully, I was afraid you would feel uncomfortable with the knights and worried very much. Sir Heba is very talented despite his young age. He did not have to go through a probation period to be promoted into an official knight.”

“Oh my. That’s only possible after winning first in a fencing or horseback competition. He must be very skilled. How surprising. Based on his appearance alone, he looks very innocent.”

“Madam, you surprised me once more. You are very knowledgeable.”

Lucia answered with a slight smile.

She had not run the smithy for very long, but the experience had affected Lucia’s life a lot. Count Matin had been obese, making his overall body frame appear very large. Despite his short stature, she had always felt intimidated by him.

While she ran the small smithy, the knights who visited her were much taller and bigger boned. Sometimes they had a frightening appearance, but they were all very gentle giants who couldn’t be compared to Count Matin. Thanks to them, Lucia had been able to open up and trust others much easier.

Of course, there had been a fair amount of human trash among those people. They would demand repairs but put off the payments for later. Later meaning never. From time to time, the other knights would catch and beat up the trash for her. The difference between hired mercenaries and knights was like the ground and the sky. Knights held an exponentially higher amount of pride for their weapons than the other.

If the ending to that story was beautiful, life would have been perfect.

She had fallen in love with a man and gone bankrupt, losing her smithy. At first, she had believed he was a knight, but later she had found out that was not the case. He was a knight who had been fired for an unknown reason. The other knights had been enraged that the honor of knights had been disgraced, and had helped to track him down. However, the money that was gone couldn’t be retrieved.

The man had been handsome and strong, she should have been suspicious of his intentions from the start. He had never demanded bodily pleasures and had showered her with platonic love. She had mistaken that man’s heart as something pure and innocent.

“Sir Krotin will not be joining us?”

Jerome’s face froze for a short moment.

“How do you know of Sir Krotin?”

“I saw him running to our estate just a few days ago. I thought he was going to join us.”

“That’s not the case. He has been commanded to protect the crown prince.”

“You seem to dislike Sir Krotin.”

“...Rather than dislike... He’s just troublesome.”

‘Sir Krotin is probably not such a bad guy.’

If Jerome’s words meant that Krotin was bad-tempered and wild, she understood perfectly. That was probably the reason why he had earned the nickname ‘Crazy Dog.’ Lucia imagined a gentle but wild dog rolling around while running here and there.

***

Her first experience using the gate was disappointing. Her surroundings grew dark and she felt dizzy for a moment, and that was it. It was surprising that she teleported such a long distance in the blink of an eye, but it had been a lie that she would be able to see the vast land while traveling in between the two locations.

Three carriages ran along a vast barren land. One carriage carried Lucia and a few other women. The latter two were designated for servants and knights so that they could rest in rotations throughout the trip.

The journey was going smoothly. It had not rained a single drop throughout the trip, which helped a lot. They would travel for hours and stop for short meals, then continue traveling. Then, they would stop to camp, and as soon as the sun peeked out, they would be on the road once again. They could have taken the longer route, taking twice the time, so their rest points could be located in small villages and towns, but they had chosen the shortest route possible, which didn’t have a single village until they reached their destination.

It was the last night they had to camp outside. They would arrive at the castle by midday tomorrow. The surrounding knights pointed to a suitable place to camp out and ordered the servants to prepare the site.

As soon as the carriage came to a halt, Jerome reined his horse next to Lucia’s carriage and knocked on her window. During the whole trip, Jerome didn’t ride inside the carriage, but rode along with the other knights by horseback. The window, that had been closed to block out the dust, opened.

“Your Grace, we will be camping here for the night.”

“Is it okay to get off now?”

Jerome turned to the knights. After scanning the safety of the area, they nodded.

“Yes, it’s alright.”

In a short moment, Lucia and several other females got off the carriage. Everyone’s faces were pale with fatigue.

Sitting in a shaking carriage for a prolonged period of time was very exhausting. The roads were not paved smoothly like in the capital, so the carriage had kept rattling in varying degrees without stop.

Lucia endured the whole journey in silence. She didn’t speak a word of complaint, thus the other females couldn’t complain either. Thanks to Lucia, everyone was able to arrive at their destination in record speed.

“Your Grace, are you feeling nauseous at all?” (Anna)

“I’m fine. Thanks for your help earlier, I feel much better.”

The journey was nausea and headache inducing. Anna didn’t simply prescribe medication to help with Lucia’s discomforts, she also used a special technique of massaging unique pressure points on the hand to reduce nausea and headache through the whole trip. Her skills helped a lot during their travel.

Lucia and Anna went for a brisk walk in a nearby area. Just a short distance behind, Dean followed quietly. During the whole trip, Dean was in charge of escorting the Duchess.

The other people all helped set up the camp site. They fed the horses, prepared the meals, and collected firewood for the night. They chose a flat camp site, while making sure no wild animals were hiding around.

A knight in the distance gazed at Lucia’s tiny figure, and spoke of the feelings surging through his heart.

“As long as it’s a person like her, I’ll be glad to accept any escorting job one hundred times over.”

The other knights joined in the discussion.

“A wonderful person has become the lady of the house for the Duke of Taran.”

***

A thin layer of frost had covered the land when they awoke to continue their journey early the next morning. They went on traveling all morning, until they stopped for an early lunch.

“Madam, we’re almost there. Can you see over there? That is Roam.”

Jerome pointed to a place where the yellow dirt road ended and was instead replaced by green grass. A little further ahead, she could see buildings of varying height poking upwards into the sky. At the center of all the structures, stood a grand castle – their destination.

As soon as Lucia was able to see Roam, all the terrible fatigue of the journey flew away and was replaced by excitement. The person she wanted to meet and get to know was inside that place.

She had been 40 when she learned that the Duke of Taran had a child to inherit his position. At the time, his child had just passed adulthood (male: 19, female: 17), and would have been around 20. If she calculated the years from that time to now, his son should be about four or five years old now.

As soon as the carriage rolled into the grasslands, she didn’t have to worry about the dust any longer, so she opened the window. She enjoyed the fresh air breezing through the window, while appreciating the passing scenery. The knights on horseback were riding within a short distance around the carriage. Among them, Jerome was also riding on horseback.

‘Jerome is only a butler, but... he seems very friendly with the other knights.’

Jerome rested in the carriage for just a short while in the middle of their trip, but most of the time, he rode along and rested with the other knights, while talking about random things. The butler and the knights didn’t seem related in any way, but they looked very friendly with each other.

They arrived early. They had estimated that they would arrive in the late evening, but it was only early afternoon. The carriage rushed to the Duke’s castle in Roam, the capital of the North.

The civilians paused and gossiped among themselves as the carriage passed. The carriage Lucia was riding showed off the crest of the black lion.

When they crossed the bridge leading to the castle, loud horns sounded all around.

There were observation towers placed at various points around the outer walls. Within, there were military training grounds and schools. Spacious rooms were available for knights to rest in, as well. All the knights who were training stopped at once, saluting and bowing to the passing carriage.

The carriage continued toward the inner castle and stopped at the central tower.

At the central tower, dozens of maids and servants were there to greet them. Jerome opened the carriage door and several maids exited and propped the set of stairs from the hidden compartment beneath the carriage. Lucia descended the stairs, while Anna followed behind her.

Lucia looked around the place. The stone walls of the central tower seemed to reach the skies. There were many other miniature towers attached to the central tower. About a hundred servants stood in order with their heads bowed.

“Madam, please come in.” (Jerome)

Lucia followed behind Jerome while passing the many servants of the castle. The central tower gate was made out of a heavy wood that looked like steel. When the massive gate opened, it revealed a spacious hall.

“Madam, you’ve endured a lot during this long journey.

“I wasn’t the only one enduring. Everyone worked hard. Jerome, please give your attention to everyone who traveled together on this journey so that they can have a good rest.”

“Yes, Madam. I will arrange everything for the others, so you do not need to worry. Madam, what would you like to do next? If you would like to rest, I will lead you to your bed chambers.”

“I would like to greet the people of this castle.”

“It will be alright to greet the employees slowly at a later time.”

“I don’t mean the employees. I wish to greet the Duke’s parents. If his father isn’t here, his mother is also fine. I wish to greet his direct relatives.”

“There are no such people here.”

“Nobody... at all?”

“Yes. The prior Duke and Duchess have long left the world. This includes his direct relatives and siblings. His Grace, the Duke is the only remaining blood line of the Taran family.”

Lucia’s thoughts became complicated.

‘The only? How about his son?’

She refrained from inquiring about that. It could be that his son had not been revealed to anyone yet. But the Duke had spoken of the matter like it wasn’t a great secret.

“...I’m not that tired. I wish to look around this place.”

“I will guide you around the castle.”

Although it was very spacious, the layout of the place was quite simple.

“The first floor consists of many receiving rooms, conference rooms, and a dining hall. When you exit through the dining hall side door, you will be able to enter the castle’s garden.”

“There is a garden here? I want to see it.”

“... Please do not hold any high expectations.”

When Lucia entered the garden, she was at a loss for words. The garden was incredibly vast, but although it was spring time, not a single flower could be found. Only green trees and bushes grew throughout all of the four seasons of the year.

“...”

In embarrassment, Jerome let out a small cough.

“Due to administrative reasons...”

“...If you were going to bring the garden to this state, why did you create it in the first place?”

“The past duchess built this garden when she was alive. While the Lady of the House was absent, the garden was reduced to this state. The garden would become too ghastly if left abandoned, thus we decided to manage it in this fashion.”

“Was it the Duke who ordered this?”

“The Duke doesn’t put his mind to things like the garden.”

“...”

That’s right. Of course it would be that way.

She decided to return to the first-floor hall.

“If you go up to the second floor by climbing the stairs to the left, you will find yourself in the private quarters of His and Her Grace. The two of you have your own private bedroom, receiving room, and washroom. If you go up to the second floor using the stairs to the right, you will find yourself at Our Lord’s oval office. The two places are both on the second floor, but it is impossible to access directly. You must return to the first floor and use the stairs to access either place.”

“Jerome. I have something to ask you.”

All that time, Lucia couldn’t stop thinking about his son. It could be that the identity of his son was still a secret, but Jerome should know about him.

“Just a while ago, you stated that His Grace is the only remaining blood line of the Taran Family.”

“Yes, Madam.”

“But... he has a son.”

Jerome’s face turned blank.

“...Excuse me?”

“His Grace has a son, so he is not the only remaining blood line of the Taran family, right?”

“Madam... You were... aware?”

“Of course I know about it.”

“...I thought you wouldn’t know of him.”

“Oh my, Jerome. Did you think His Grace wouldn’t inform me of his son? He’s not such a person.”

Jerome had known the ‘type’ of person the Duke was.

“I thought I would be able to meet his son as soon as I arrived. Where is he now?”

“The Young Lord... is currently not in Roam.”

“Where is he now?”

“He is currently attending a boarding school.”

“Don’t tell me it’s because of me?”

“No it isn’t. His Grace had decided that for the Young Lord since a long time ago.”

“Since a long time ago? How old is the Young Lord?”

“This year, he is eight.”

She was surprised because his son was much older than she had originally thought. Eight years old? How old was the Duke when he’d had his son? Doing the math, he would be 17 or 18.

‘...So you were premature.’

If he had a son at 17, how early had he started getting intimate with others? Even though the current society accepted the sexual relations of men and women, it was still considered quite early.

“...When will the Young Lord come home?”

“I’m not sure. Since the Young Lord left for boarding school, he has not returned once.”

“Not once...? Then has His Grace gone to see his son?”

“According to my knowledge, he has never made a school visit.”

Lucia became confused. Didn’t he favor his son very much? Wasn’t he the reason why he went through with the marriage? Although the child was born out of wedlock, she thought the Duke loved his son to the point that he would confer his own title of Duke to him.

“Madam, if you have any further questions on the Young Lord, it would be better to ask His Grace personally. I am not allowed to divulge any information so rashly.”

“...I understand. What is his son’s name?”

“The Young Lord’s name is Demian.”

Demian. Lucia repeated his name over and over.

***

Roam was an old castle just under a hundred years old. Though outwardly the castle looked like an antique, the inside was comfortable and clean due to the careful maintenance and remodeling through the years. Lucia loved every bit of the place. She felt satisfied with her life. She didn’t have to lift a finger and her meals would be prepared. Her beddings would be cleaned automatically and her bath would be prepared by others. There was no way she could complain about anything.

Jerome entered the receiving room. He had a plate in one hand. He made intricate movements while laying the plate down onto the table in front of Lucia. While he was setting the tea set, Lucia didn’t hear the tiniest clattering sound.

Usually people would have separate butlers for the capital and the Duchy, but in Jerome’s case, he was responsible for both places. Jerome was a very competent butler. He was still young; it was incredible he had such talent.

“Madam, this is a freshly baked pie.”

The pie was golden brown and the sweet scent of apples wafted from it.

“Oh my, it looks delicious. Thank you for the meal.”

“Please do not eat too much. You won’t be able to finish dinner.”

“Won’t it be alright to make do for dinner with this? If I eat this way every day, I’ll get fat.”

Breakfast and lunch were prepared simply, but dinner was always a grand feast that wouldn’t lose to any banquet. She was worried that at that rate, the Duke would become broke. Not to forget all the snacks in between meals, as well.

Jerome was very friendly. It wasn’t just him; everyone was on their best behavior, doing their best, in fear that Lucia would become depressed. That was the reason they were putting so much effort into her meals.

She had just gotten married, and right off the bat, she had to live in a strange place all alone, without her husband anywhere in sight. Usually, females would cry their eyes out, but Lucia’s speed of adaptation was like a cactus in the desert.

“Jerome. I’m curious about one thing.”

“Yes, Madam. Please speak.”

The capable butler of the Duke’s castle gracefully filled her tea like usual.

“The roses of goodbye are sent by Jerome, right?”

The teapot in Jerome’s hand dropped to the table and its contents spilled all over. Jerome watched the tea spilling onto the floor in a daze. He had just made a mistake he could never retract. A few seconds later, Jerome snapped out of his daze and set the emptied teapot upright, then ordered the maids to bring a towel.

“My apologies, Madam.”

“It’s alright. The tea did not splash onto me. Rather, whose idea was the roses of goodbye?”

“...”

Cold sweat dripped down Jerome’s back. He unconsciously swerved his eyes around the room looking for someone to help him, but he couldn’t find anyone. Jerome’s usual relaxed and respectful expression was nowhere to be found, and was replaced by a nervous and stern expression as if he was about to jump into grave danger.

“After thinking about it for so long, I don’t believe the Duke would be so detailed. I don’t think he would order you to send out roses of goodbye personally.”

“...Madam, that is...”

“It’s okay, I know everything already. It’s your idea, right Jerome?”

“...Yes. I started it arbitrarily...”

“You send red roses as a message of goodbye? Isn’t that a bit cruel?”

“...They’re... yellow. Yellow roses.”

“Ah, so they were yellow roses. Why did you pick yellow of all colors?”

“...The yellow rose holds a message of goodbye among its many meanings.”

“Wow, really? How do you know so much? You must be a huge romanticist, Jerome.”

Lucia’s voice was bright and energetic all this time so Jerome was able to gradually relax his nerves. When the maids came in to clean up the mess, it felt like his heart was also getting organized.

“...My younger brother’s wife runs a flower shop. From time to time, they tell me about various flowers and I remembered this particular information.”

Of course, he always bought the roses from his sister-in-law’s shop. Fabian considered this killing two birds with one stone. Achieving everything in one fell swoop was the best for everyone’s happiness. His sister-in-law would pour all her heart and soul to make the most beautiful bouquet possible.

“So you had a younger brother.”

“Oh, it seems I didn’t tell you. His Grace’s personal aide, Fabian, is my younger brother. Have you met Fabian yet?”

“Ah, of course. The two of you are really...”

“Yes, we don’t look alike. Even so, we are twins.”

“Goodness, that’s a surprise. There are many twins in the Duke’s estate. There’s Jerome, the main chef brothers are also twins, the maids are twins as well. That’s very interesting. Oh, don’t tell me the three siblings... Ah, they were siblings but not twins.”

“Madam, after listening to your words, it seems to be so. His Grace also had a twin as well.”

“He had a brother?”

Jerome quickly shut his mouth. He’d made a mistake. In that quick short moment, he’d made two huge mistakes. A slip of the tongue at that. It was one of the mistakes the Duke looked down upon the most. Jerome’s face was full of despair and embarrassment. Lucia quickly caught onto everything.

“Could it be something I shouldn’t know of?”

“...That’s not the case. His twin has long since passed away. It’s something you would’ve found out eventually, but it would be better to keep it hidden... And not talking about this topic in front of His Grace would be for the best.”

Lucia was more curious about his brother than the roses, but Jerome seemed very troubled, so she took pity on him and changed topics.

“Okay. Let’s continue talking about the roses. Who did you send the roses to last?”

Cold sweat formed upon Jerome’s rigid face. Jerome rather preferred talking about the Duke’s twin brother than this topic. If someone could rescue him from this position, he would embrace them while sharing a deep kiss.

“I told you, everything is fine. Is it perhaps Lady Lawrence?”

“...Yes, how did you know...?”

“I somehow got to know of it. Oh, if the last person who received the roses was Lady Lawrence... Then how about Countess Falcon?”

Jerome was on the brink of going crazy. Bombs kept exploding out of the Madam’s mouth. A thing like composure could not be found on Jerome’s face. Nobody had ever given him a hard time like at the current moment.

“After His Grace broke up with Lady Lawrence, he was meeting with Countess Falcon. Shouldn’t the last person to receive the roses of goodbye be the Countess?” (Lucia)

“...”

“It’s okay. Just tell me the truth.”

The pitiful Jerome did not realize the true fear of when a woman spoke the words ‘It’s okay, so tell me everything’. If Fabian were there, he would say, ‘This is why you can’t date.’ While clicking his tongue.

“...His Grace has not given me the order to do so...”

“Hmmn...”

Lucia slightly pouted her lips.

“That means His Grace is still meeting with the Countess.”

“It’s not! That’s not true at all! He has never gone to meet her after the wedding. I will swear to the heavens up above.”

Lucia burst out laughing.

“Why are you getting so serious? What’s wrong with meeting her?”

“Huh?”

“It’s nothing. Anyway, thank you.”

“...You’re welcome.”

For some reason, Jerome felt scared of Her Grace.

“Ah, also...”

“Yes?”

Jerome was startled. ‘Madam, PLEASE!’ he wanted to beg, but the words stopped just before his throat.

“Why are you so shocked? I was going to ask you about the maids who will be attending to me.”

It felt like someone had pushed him off the cliff and another person had caught him just in time. Jerome found relief and returned to the image of a courteous butler.

“Yes, Madam. Is there anything to your dislike?”

“That’s not it. Please do not designate a single made to attend me. Let them take turns every few days.”

“Has the maid attending to you made any mistakes?”

“If I favor any one maid, it will cause discord and friction among them. I don’t wish for any troublesome conflicts in the future. If the maids happen to split into different cliques, it may seem like not such a big deal, but it can become the source of all troubles in the future.”

Lucia was well aware of the maids’ lives and thoroughly thought of this new structure. While she worked as a maid, she thought the structure would produce the right environment to prevent any friction between all the different maids.

Lucia could not agree with her masters when they discriminated and favored the maids without discretion. Why would they act so illogically and stir up trouble for themselves?

Jerome blinked several times while staring at Lucia, then nodded his head.

“...Yes. I will carry out your orders.”

Aah. Her Grace was a very surprising woman. The servile spirit within Jerome started to react as adrenaline pumped through his veins. In his life, he expected to feel that way for only one person. It seemed he would carry two masters in his heart very soon.

(end)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 12
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 12

Northern Territory (3)

translated: iseuli

edited: lili

The Northern territory had been under the control of the Taran nobles for an uncountable number of years, to the point that their reign had become unshakable. It was an unwritten rule that even the emperor could not interfere with the North’s activities. With such power, the Taran nobles could have seceded to form an independent country, but they had not revolted against the emperor even once.

Most of the population saw the Duke of Taran as the North’s King. Even so, the duke’s rank only reached the level of the emperor’s vassal. Even without orders, the North paid their taxes; when at war, they were the first to fight in the front lines; additionally, they were the ones to take care of the conflicts with the borderland barbarians. If the emperor were to rub the North the wrong way, the duke could possibly shout for secession, causing a great headache. Not all past generations of emperors held the same opinion, but as long as the emperor had a bit of wisdom, he would know the best option was to leave the North to its own devices.

The Taran family had always defended their position as the rulers of the North. They did not interfere with the politics in the capital one bit; they only focused on the problems related to the North. However, that trend had begun to change the slightest bit seven years ago.

The previous Northern Duke had suffered an abrupt death, and the current duke had been conferred the position at the mere age of 18. As soon as he had become the new duke, he’d had to leave his Northern territory and become the vanguard of the various wars occurring throughout the empire.

Duke Taran’s military achievements had swept through the battlefields. His art of war had made the heavens and the earth tremble. Knights from other units, who got a chance to fight alongside the duke, had become his loyal followers regardless of who their original masters were.

While Duke Taran had been earning military merit, the Northern territory had been peaceful. The North had been a distance away from the war. No matter how much havoc Duke Taran had caused, the North suffered no consequences.

Hugo never received a formal test to see whether he was qualified to rule over the vast Northern land. He was young and had left the Northern territory on its own for a long time. People had begun to suspect that his only talent was in the art of war, and that his qualification as a ruler was nonexistent. Those were the voices of the ones discontent with the way Duke Taran ruled his territory.

In other territories, the dukes would impose taxes onto the counts of various regions. When the regions paid their imposed taxes, the counts would be given the authority to rule their land as they saw fit.

However, the Northern territory was governed differently. The Taran family controlled all its regions with minute detail. That included everything from taxes to the everyday laws concerning all the citizens. Each past generation of dukes of the Taran family forbade any form of tyranny in any of their regions. The commoners in the Northern territory lived peaceful lives, but many nobles of the North believed that the duke had unfairly stolen their governing rights from them.

The nobles living a safe distance away from the barbarian borderlands felt the duke’s military powers were unnecessary to their lives. Those regions, as well as other nobles living closer to the capital, had formed ties and mocked the duke together. They had planned to submit a formal request to the emperor for a secession from the Northern territory, to formally become an independent territory in the Empire. That wasn’t all; they had secretly increased the taxes behind Duke Taran’s back, and had made a secret fund that would be used for their own private military units.

But those people had made a fatal mistake. They didn’t understand the duke’s true personality at all.

“Uugh...”

He couldn’t breathe properly because his throat was being strangled. His body felt heavy like it was digging itself into the earth. His head hurt as if a steel pipe was being jammed into it. Count Brown blinked wearily.

He tried to properly open his eyes, but he couldn’t. A warm liquid was flowing down from his forehead, and it kept dripping into his eyes. He wiped his forehead roughly with his trembling hands and found clotted blood covering it.

A chilling feeling of dread spread across his back. The count looked back and surveyed his surroundings. The place looked familiar. This was inside the halls of his castle.

He heard muffled crying from somewhere. The count turned around and his eyes grew wide. In a single corner, dozens of people were gathered in a kneeling position. Their faces were stained with messy tears as they hyperventilated and blubbered all at the same time. They clamped their own mouths with the palm of their hands and their breaths were spastic, making for a miserable sight.

He was familiar with them all – his wife, children, and even some of his most loyal subordinates. The people who were slightest bit involved with Count Brown were all there.

He was going to ask what they were all doing there, but his voice wouldn’t come out. When Count Brown looked to his family, and their faces turned a degree uglier and messier while bursting into horrible wailing cries. Their eyes were filled with despair and resentment toward Count Brown and he couldn’t do anything.

“We’ve let a rat escape.”

“Apologies, My Lord Duke.”

The sound of footsteps followed the voices. The sound of leather shoes clacking on the stone floor echoed louder and louder. A group of people entered the hall through the opened door. One person was leading the group, while the others followed behind the man.

Count Brown’s eyes grew wide and his body shook like a poplar tree. The leading man had black hair and red eyes. All the residents of the Northern territory identified those unmistakable characteristics. The dukes of Taran all had black hair and red eyes. Even if a person had never seen the Northern territory dukes their whole lives, they would still be able to identify this person instantly.

The count glanced to the side. The moment Count Brown’s eyes met with the duke’s, he was frightened out of his wits and began to panic while retreating backwards. The duke drew closer to the count; it was as if a snake was drawing closer to a trembling frog. The count couldn’t do anything but bow his head and look at the floor.

The duke paused just a step away from the count. He put his cold long sword under the count’s jaw, forcing him to look up.

The count wondered why he didn’t choose to remain unconscious on the ground. The black-haired man was armored in a single black chest plate stained all over with something. The exact color staining the chest plate could not be seen, but it should have been blood. Especially seeing that the duke’s sleeves and pants were drenched in blood.

The duke’s sword being held against the count’s neck was dyed red with blood. The black-haired man’s face was splattered with blood. The count felt hot liquid spilling down his pants. When Duke Taran saw the count piss himself, he furrowed his brows.

“Count Brown. Correct?”

“Yes...Yes.”

“Your son, who was to inherit your position, escaped alone. Do you have any idea where he could have run off to?”

“Huh?”

Tch, Hugo clicked his tongue. The guy had lost most of his sanity and it was too late to get any reliable answers. It seemed it would take a while longer to catch the rat. Hugo stuck his hand out and made a hand signal. A knight immediately brought forth a document. Hugo threw the papers at the count’s feet.

“That signature, you were the one to sign it. Correct?”

The count took hold of the document with trembling hands and skimmed over it. It was the petition he was going to send to the emperor. All the related nobles’ signatures were neatly organized, along with his own. The ground he was standing on suddenly felt like a bottomless pit. It was as though death was looming right beside him.

“A...trial. I wish to request from the emperor a trial....”

The count’s jaw trembled without stop. Count Brown was duke Taran’s vassal, but at the same time, Count Brown was also the emperor’s vassal. As one of the emperor’s vassals, he had the right to request the emperor to mediate for him. Even though this was the duke, the count couldn’t stand around quietly and accept the judgement of treason against the Empire.

“A trial.”

A monotone voice mumbled out.

“He says the same things as the guy from this morning.”

The count felt a chilling fear wash over his whole body. He heard Death whispering in his ears. Without hesitation, he prostrated himself on the floor.

“Please have me-mercy! Spare me my life! Your Grace!”

His only thought was to get out of this situation with his life. He was prepared to do anything for his life. The count wanted to show how much accumulated wealth he could offer to the duke, but he couldn’t gather enough courage to speak. It felt like he was suffering a heart attack, his chest felt tight. Tears started uncontrollably spilling from his eyes.

“They seem to be exact clones of each other.”

His voice was full of disdain.

“Lift your head.”

The count lifted his head very fast as if someone was pulling on his hair. His eyes met indifferent blood red eyes. One couldn’t find the smallest amount of rage or excitement. The count was scared exactly because of that reason. He could feel the hidden killing intent that was behind those indifferent eyes. Those were the eyes of a predator lying in wait to pounce on its prey.

“Kugh... Have mer...cy...”

The count watched the sword dig deep into his heart. Even so, he didn’t think to try and step back, and simply stood there trembling. The sword continued to stab deeper and the count’s body convulsed exponentially worse. His eyes rolled to the back of his head as blood spurted from his mouth.

The knights had already witnessed the duke’s murderous nature many times before, and had become numb to the sight. Instead, they were watching the duke with admiration. ‘That maneuver is very difficult. He didn’t use his full strength, but his sword pierced through the armor into the flesh as if the count were made out of tofu.’ That was the reason Fabian called all of the duke’s hand-picked knights crazy.

Hugo didn’t flinch even once while watching the various emotions emerge on the dying person’s face. He continued to push his sword in until the spasming body turned into a corpse. That person had died more from horror than the pain. As soon as that person’s breath ceased, he swiftly pulled his sword out of the body and slashed it across the neck.

Thump .

The bones snapped and the severed head rolled on the floor.

“Kyaa!”

“Aaah!”

The count’s relatives, who were gathered in the corner, broke their silence and started screaming.

“Noisy.”

When the knights heard the duke’s low voice, they peered at each other and started walking toward the count’s people. As the knights drew closer, the gathered nobles began to wail.

“Your Grace!!”

Fabian yelled while running in.

“You cannot kill them all! Then, nobody will be left to work here! The administration will be at a standstill!”

The knights paused in their steps; the remaining family members clamped their mouths shut while trying to muffle their cries, and looked toward Fabian like he was their hope of life. The duke was frightening like a vampire drenched in blood. Nevertheless, Fabian didn’t seem affected by that at all, and yelled while stomping his feet.

“I thought I told you to bring some people to Roam.”

“Do you think the population of Roam is high? There is a limited amount of people who are qualified to work here.”

“There are no exceptions.”

A total of 13 lords had conspired together, and Hugo had visited seven locations thus far. Six regions were turned into a mess after his visit. The lords’ vassals and any of their remaining children were killed in cold blood. The number of people killed had amounted to a few hundred.

“Can’t you make a few exceptions? The amount of work after all your surprise visits has piled so high that my back is going to break. Break, I tell you!”

“I’ll exterminate all sources of possible troubles. What are you doing? Do you expect me to do everything myself?”

The knights complied and immediately drew their swords. A pandemonium of swords clashing, screams, and cries exploded. In a few moments, about 50 people had turned into a pile of meat. The smell of blood quickly filled the halls.

“Hhaa...”

Fabian let out a deep sigh. He could see his work snowballing bigger and bigger. Ah, really! Why did they have to monkey around without knowing their place and increase his workload! Fabian felt more concerned for his holidays than all the people dying in front of his eyes. In the eyes of the knights, Fabian seemed much crazier than them.

‘I’ve already predicted this, but... he really kills all these people like bugs.’

Fabian’s thoughts on the cruel reality were short. He had become too accustomed to it. All the blame had gone to those who had started the mess in the first place.

‘If it were me, I would rather choose suicide. Those idiots.’

These nobles didn’t understand the Northern Ruler’s temper at all. Hugo hated making anything complicated. When something got tangled into a mess, he would rather cut it off than try and attempt to untangle it again. If he was unsatisfied with something, there was no such thing as forgiveness. Fabian thought his Lord Duke was too cruel from time to time, but it was a hundred times better than an indecisive ruler.

“We will depart tomorrow morning.”

“Yes!”

The knights answered firmly. Fabian, who stood to the side, let out a heavier sigh. The way he took care of problems was so swift. At that rate, he would settle everything within a month’s time.

Thirteen region lords wasn’t something to laugh about. Individually, their territories were small, but all together, they added up to a big part of the Northern territory. However, Duke Taran’s knights were not some everyday normal talents. They had been fighting against the borderland barbarians for years, and they had all grown stronger exponentially during all that time. They all held a lot of real life experience, and their killing skills were of another level. Additionally, Duke Taran personally trained with the knights every day; there was no way they could relax for even a moment.

The duke and the knights had been crisscrossing the wide Northern territory, dealing with the murderous borderland barbarians. By now, they were nothing but killing machines. To these knights, such situations were like jumping into a fight against a flock of sheep.

A knight entered the hall with quick steps to relay information to the chief knight. Chief knight Elliott passed on the information to the duke.

“They’ve caught him.”

“Bring him here.” (Hugo)

Several knights communicated with each other through nods and left the hall. In a short while, two knights came in while dragging a man and restraining his arms at the same time. The man was a mess himself, but as soon as he saw the chaos within the halls, he started to scream. Just then, a knight struck the man behind his neck, causing him to tumble onto the floor.

“Waaah!”

The man crawled on the floor while spastically wailing. The duke wasn’t so kind-hearted to let the man continue crying. He was about the kick him, but stopped when the crying man started laughing.

“PWAHAHA!!”

Was he crazy? But the man’s eyes belonged to a sane person.

“Shut up. Before I decide to snap your neck.”

The duke’s quiet but murderous threat put a stop to the man’s laugh, who breathed roughly trying to calm himself down. He kneeled and slammed his forehead on the floor.

“Please kill me.”

That was a first. The first time someone didn’t beg for their life.

“What?” (Hugo)

Fabian understood the duke was questioning the man and intervened.

“He’s the son of Count Brown’s previous wife. It’s been just over one year since it was decided he would succeed his father, but it seems they set this up so he would become a sacrificial lamb in case their plan failed.”

“The others didn’t prepare something like that.” (Hugo)

“Count Brown was always detailed in everything he did.” (Fabian)

“Leave that man in charge of this place.” (Hugo)

“Really?”

Fabian rejoiced.

“Please kill me! Your Grace!”

The duke had said he would save the man and leave the region to him, but he was still going on about dying. Fabian glared at him, wondering whether the man had really gone insane. He was relieved that his workload had decreased, but it seemed he had rejoiced too soon.

“Why?”

“I loathe the blood... flowing inside this body of mine.”

The man was looking at his own two hands with disgust, while the duke watched on with a blank look. A crooked smile formed on Hugo’s lips.

“You hate the blood inside your veins, yet you cannot kill yourself. Then you must live on while bearing that pain.”

Just like how he couldn’t discard the blood ties inside himself.

The man looked up at Hugo with shocked eyes. Hugo turned his back to the man.

“My name is Hue. In my language, it means demon, devil, something of that sort.”

“Hugh? Woah. We look the same and even have similar names! My name is Hugo.”

“Not Hugh, Hue. Idiot.”

“Hue, Hue, Hugh. If you say it fast it’s all the same. Hugh. Your name is Hugh.”

“......”

“I thought I was all alone up until now. But now we are not alone anymore. Right, Hugh?”

“Idiot. Your brain is so bright that it burned up. Don’t you understand what our old man is going to do? Whether it is you or me, one of us will be killed.”

“I will protect you.”

“You groveling bastard.”

“You can protect me too.”

Recalling his past, his cold-blooded heart still hurt as though needles were stabbing through it.

“This is for your own good, Hugh. I love you my brother(1).”

Hugo wanted to say one thing to his brother, who had already left this world.

‘You are wrong.’

If it was for his own good, his older brother should have stabbed him dead with his sword. His older brother had thrown him away to this pathetic and dirty world.

‘I need alcohol.’

Even so, he couldn’t get drunk. Even if he drank all the alcohol in the world, he wouldn’t get drunk. No matter how much he enjoyed alcohol, girls, and killing, he couldn’t get drunk off them. The Taran family’s bloodline was terrible like that. Thus, he was a monster.

No matter how much he bathed in the blood of others, he could instantly change himself into an honorable noble. Those two identities reflected his true self.

‘I’m tired.’

The world he lived in... was too tiresome.

***

Lucia went to explore the sights of Roam in her spare time. There wasn’t a place Lucia was restricted from visiting. Many structures were built surrounding the high central tower, while tall inner walls encircled the whole place. If one looked to the east, south, north, and west, one could locate four more towering structures. When one climbed to the top of those towers, one could see all of Roam with a bird’s eye view.

However, she was restricted from visiting the west tower. The west tower’s door was tightly locked. She had visited the place many times before, but it had remained locked, so she decided to ask the maids who were following her.

“Why is this place locked? Bring me the keys.”

“Madam, it would be better if you did not enter this place.”

“Why?”

The maids answered with extreme discomfort.

“It is haunted by ghosts.”

The maid shivered like she was explaining an unspeakable tale, while Lucia snickered a few moments later.

“Ghost? Did anyone see it?”

The maid went on with a passionate speech about all the people who had witnessed the horrifying ghost, bringing up even a friend’s friend’s story, along with the tales that a distant relative had relayed to her. Still, that meant that she had not seen the ghost personally, and the person who had seen the ghost was nobody very close to her either. It was a random rumor that she had picked up by chance.

“Then why does the ghost appear here? There should be a reason, right?”

“...I’m not sure of the exact reason either. But everyone says ghosts appear here.”

Lucia continued to ask the maid different questions on the topic and found out that most citizens of Roam knew of the story. If the story had spread to that degree, it wasn’t just a simple rumor, but there had to be another underlying reason. Lucia instantly thought of a person who could quench that curiosity of hers.

***

“Jerome, I have something to ask you.”

The words ‘I have something to ask you’ were the ones that made Jerome cower in fear the most. His heart sank heavily, and cold sweat dripped from his face.

“Yes, Madam. Please speak.”

“It’s about the west tower. I saw that you’ve locked the place. Everyone says a ghost is haunting it. Does a ghost really dwell there?”

Jerome swallowed hard. As expected of Her Grace, she didn’t ask any ordinary questions.

“...There are such rumors, but I’ve never seen a ghost in my life.”

“That means you’ve been inside the tower before?”

“Yes. However, people kept spreading rumors that whoever enters it faces bad luck. So we decided to restrict people from entering altogether.”

“There should be a reason. Why does the rumor continue to this day?”

“...That is because someone has died in that place before.”

“It wasn’t... an ordinary accident, was it?”

“Yes. Someone was murdered.”

“Oh my.”

She let out a sad sigh with her mouth, but her eyes were glittering.

“Who, why, and how? How could someone be murdered within the castle walls? It must not have been an ordinary murder case.”

Hhaa . Jerome let out a heavy sigh. He was contemplating whether it was something he should truthfully relay to Her Grace.

But in the end, he decided it was something the lady of the house should know of. In Jerome’s mind, Lucia was already the perfect Taran family’s duchess.

“It was a case before I was hired as the butler of the castle, so all my knowledge is second-hand as well. The people who died in the west tower were the previous Taran Duke and Duchess.”

Lucia inquired about the topic with a light heart as if she was reading a mystery novel, however upon his words, her face stiffened.

“...Heavens. No... why?”

“This is part of the secret history of Duke Taran. It happened long ago and not many people know of it. However, I thought Madam should know of this.”

There had been a long investigation. Lucia tensely listened.

“I’ve told you before that His Grace had a twin brother.”

“I remember.”

“The previous duke feared that his children would fight in order to succeed after him. Therefore, he made a cruel decision. He decided to let one of his sons succeed him and abandon his other son. I’m not sure whether the duke decided to kill his own child. However, the child that was thrown away matured and appeared before the ducal couple, then ended their lives with his own hands.”

‘Oh my god.’ The shocking truth of the Taran family’s secret history began to sink in, making her hands tremble.

“At the time, His Grace was not in Roam and was able to escape death. I wasn’t present at the castle then, so I’m not too sure of the exact details of this case, either. ”

To have experienced something so painful. She had assumed that he had never experienced anything painful in his life.

“Then... his twin brother... killed his own parents?”

“The previous duke was indeed the father, but the duchess was not his mother. I heard that their mother died giving birth to them.”

It was grotesque that a child would kill his own father, but she felt a bit of relief that he had not killed his own mother. Maybe it was because of her own personal experiences. Lucia’s father was someone who didn’t deserve even her disdain, but her mother was all the love she’d had in this world.

“He is a very...strong person. I cannot even begin to fathom that he has experienced something so cruel...”

“Yes, His Grace is a very strong person.”

Lucia felt a little sad as she understood where his strength might have originated from. She wished to tightly hug him at this moment. Maybe he didn’t give any attention to his past anymore. As a result, her own feelings could become an annoyance to him. However, she wished to help console him in some way. He could be a bit selfish and say some hurtful things, but at this moment, she thought she could forgive him anything.

(end)

Footnotes:

(1) I love you my brother : The literal translation is “I love you my little brother, my older brother.” They are twins, thus this phrase. But I don’t think it makes that much sense to a lot of people. To reduce confusion, I’ve reworded it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 13
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 13 The Ducal Couple (1)

Translated by: iseuli

edited by: lili

Raindrops pattered onto the window. Her heart felt at peace as she enjoyed the tea scent that filled the drawing room. She was enjoying her afternoon tea time. Rather than her personal drawing room on the second floor, she preferred the one on the first floor.

She was sitting in the spacious and quiet room all alone as if time had stopped.

‘Has it been...a month now...?’

A month had passed since their wedding. Of that month, three weeks had been spent living alone in Duke Taran’s castle located in Roam. She had not heard any sort of news of him ever since he had taken off on his own at the capital.

“Madam. Is there anything you’d like to eat for dinner today?”

“Anything is fine.”

Every day he’d ask the same question and she’d answer in the same way. Lucia had never eaten a meal more sumptuous and luxurious than the food served here.

Jerome watched Lucia eat crackers with gentle eyes. At first, he’d been worried that a princess was going to become the duke’s lady of the house. He had worried over how he’d serve such a fussy and capricious noblewoman; the hysteria she’d throw after being neglected by her husband; his head had been aching as he’d imagined the days ahead.

However, he’d long thrown away those worries during their travels here to Roam. Even the knights had praised that it was a first time they had met a noblewoman so easy to escort.

The duchess never even did the things that the mere mistresses of the duke had been trying to do. She didn’t unnecessarily go out of her way to oppress all the employees staffed under her to set up a hierarchy. She didn’t bother with petty power struggles with Jerome either. She let the people around her do their job, while she lived her own life. Not once did she raise her voice at another.

She was gentle-mannered and tender-hearted. Jerome truly felt happy from the bottom of his heart.

Booong...

The sound of a heavy trumpet sounded. Lucia looked at Jerome with a startled heart. When she saw Jerome’s tense expression, it made her fear double. Jerome was usually very relaxed and calm, so seeing him like that caused her a lot of anxiety.

“His Grace has returned.”

Her heart started to race.

“Madam, there is no need for you to go out to greet his Grace.”

Lucia was about to get up from her seat, but she sat herself back down with an awkward movement.

“I’m not trying to convey any sort of message to you. I’m just taking precaution in case Madam gets scared.”

“Scared...?”

“I am unable to tell Madam in great detail, however the task His Grace had tackled was perilous. At times like these, His Grace becomes very sensitive. He always bathes before doing anything; it will be better for you to meet His Grace afterwards.”

Lucia nodded and saw the butler out. She didn’t know the exact reason he had to be away for so long or what kind of problems the north was facing. She was nosy with the small details of the castle, but she didn’t try to interfere into his business at all. She had only picked up bits of information when she occasionally happened to overhear some of the conversations between the knights guarding the castle.

“You can say they’re dead...”

“ The Lord Duke... forgive...”

She had been too far away to hear all of their conversations, but she could put together that the duke’s task had to do with killing others.

‘Could it be related to the borderland barbarians?’

Any person from Xenon knew that the North was always at war with the borderland barbarians. Everyone agreed that the reason the northern citizens lived in peace was because Duke Taran was keeping all the dangers at bay.

If the small-scale battles with the borderland barbarians escalated... It could be considered a type of war as well.

She thought something like a war wouldn’t affect her life at all. The war had ended not too long ago, but Xenon had only participated in it and the citizens had not experienced the aftereffects of it at all. At this moment, she realized that the North had always been in a state of war.

‘Why did I come to this place?’

Lucia’s husband, Duke Hugo Taran, was known as the wartime’s black lion. He’d killed countless people and was infamous for it.

***

Hugo took care of all the problems in his own stubborn way within a month. As for the problems pertaining to the many lawless lands that had sprung due to the shortage of administration employees, Hugo didn’t fuss about the problem.

He had originally planned to tour the North anyway. But in order for that to happen, it would take at least half a year. Rather than taking such a long trip, he decided to return home. He hadn’t taken a break regardless of whether it was raining or storming. He made a grand entrance in Roam with his clothes smelling of rotten water and dust covering his whole body.

“I’m happy to see that you’re in great health, Your Grace.”

The employees of the castle stood in a line, while Jerome politely greeted the Lord Duke. From just his appearance, it felt like the duke would cut down anyone who came near him. His bloodthirsty aura had not disappeared yet, and it felt as if one could still hear the screams of those he had killed.

‘No matter how many times I see him like this, I can’t get used to it.’

Jerome felt a sense of incompatibility whenever he saw his Lord Duke like that. Jerome had always remained in the castle and taken care of the business of their estate; he had never seen Duke Taran in action as a knight.

The duke within Jerome’s mind was a perfect being without a speck of flaw. The duke had always been an upright person all along. The duke never got mad nor yelled. He would execute his tasks at the appointed time every day. Thus, whenever Jerome saw the duke like this, he couldn’t help but become nervous.

“I’ve prepared the bath water in advance.”

A hot bath, and a relaxing cup of tea. That was all that was needed for his Lord Duke to return to normal.

“Has anything happened while I was gone?”

Jerome, who was sensible, was able to understand his master’s true question. His Lord Duke had never asked such a vague question to him upon his return before.

“There is nothing of importance. Her Grace is also at peace and healthy. I’ve informed Madam that there was no need to come out and greet you personally on your return.”

“You’ve done well.”

He turned his back.

“Gather for a meeting in an hour. Everyone must be present. There are no excuses.”

As he disappeared off to bathe, Jerome answered to his back figure, then glanced to the drawing room Lucia was waiting in. The meeting wouldn’t end in just a few hours. It would have been better if he could share a few words of greeting with her before the meeting.

‘The enemy troops aren’t at our front doors, and it wouldn’t hurt to push the meeting back a bit.’

As soon as the ducal couple’s informal wedding had been complete, she had been dragged to their territory and almost imprisoned in the castle. To make it worse, he had not sent a single letter of his well-being for the whole month. Anyone would criticize that crude behavior and treatment. But still, he had asked about the Madam’s well-being when he arrived, and that counted for something. Jerome had served the duke for many years and he understood that this signified something very big.

‘It seems I haven’t assumed things incorrectly.’

“This is the Taran’s Lady of the House. Give all your respects to her.”

Jerome had conjectured the duke’s few words as a warning.

“If you don’t know your own place, everyone will die.”

Jerome had no intentions to ignore the duke’s warnings. Whenever he got the chance, he made sure to educate the employees on that fact. Thankfully, Jerome guessed the duke’s meaning correctly. Jerome didn’t do his job just because it was his duty, but he felt honest respect for the Taran’s lady of the house.

‘Would Fabian be in the capital about now...?’

Although it was just a small conflict within a territory, all those people were the Emperor’s people. Too many people had died. Fabian was entrusted with the duty to inform the Emperor of the conflict and to negotiate how everything would be smoothed over. Fabian had sent a short message to Jerome before he’d left for the capital.

– That person thinks too lightly of a human’s life.

The short sentence was enough to relay Fabian’s anguish. Jerome could perfectly understand his feelings and felt a little apologetic. Different from Jerome, Fabian followed the duke to every battle as the adjutant general and had seen his Lord Duke take countless lives. It couldn’t be helped that there was a big gap between how the two of them viewed their Lord Duke; one had seen the killings in person, and the other had not.

Fabian agreed with the many others who called his Lord Duke a ‘tyrant’. On the surface, they berated the ones who spoke such careless remarks, but on the inside, they believed the same thing. If he didn’t suppress and exploit others, he wouldn’t be called a tyrant. He did as he pleased, and nobody could object to his actions; he was the very definition of a tyrant.

Jerome had witnessed it during the duke’s marriage. The marriage had been abrupt and without celebration, but even so, nobody had spoken a world of discontent. Everyone had looked to Jerome to try and understand the duke’s true intentions behind the marriage.

Jerome truly had no idea either. Fabian seemed to know some things, but Jerome hadn’t tried to dig deeper into it. The two of them were brothers and they kept their private and public lives separate.

‘It would be nice if this marriage has a bit of meaning to him...’

If the Lord Duke’s temper could die down even just a bit, they would have no other wishes.

***

The quiet echo of clattering utensils could be heard in the dining room. Lucia placed a small piece of steak into her mouth and enjoyed the tender premium meat.

The first time she had tried the steak, she had been so deeply moved that she had felt sad whenever she’d had to swallow each bite. She had eaten that dish only a few times, but any of the emotions she had first felt when she enjoyed it were nowhere to be found. Inside her head, she agreed it was the best dish, but she could not feel the same inside her heart. Her sense of taste was quite fickle.

Lucia sat on a table long enough to generously seat 20 adults. The duke had returned, but Lucia was left to enjoy her meals alone. Other than Lucia, the only people present were the maids and servants on standby next to her.

He had returned this afternoon, and while the late evening had descended, she had not seen his face once. As soon as he had finished his bath, he had gathered his subordinates in his study to hold a meeting. The meeting didn’t show any signs of ending soon, either.

It seemed the people inside had no thoughts of having dinner, because the maids kept working hard, bringing in tea and sandwiches into the study. She was originally going to wait and enjoy dinner together with him, but the butler had suggested it would be better to eat first, and she’d had no choice but to have a late dinner all by herself.

‘He’s a very busy man...’

She didn’t expect a lovey-dovey married life with him, however since they’d be living in the same house, she thought they could live peacefully while sharing a few words every now and then. It seemed even that was just a delusion of hers.

They lived in the same house, but their living spaces were completely separate. There would be no accidental meeting without one person intentionally seeking the other out.

‘It would have been nice if his family were still alive.’

Whether it was his mother or his brother, she could have worked to become friendlier with them while living out the rest of her days. She felt sad for the tragic death of his family. At the same time, she wished to meet his son, who was living alone in a boarding school.

Thankfully, she wasn’t one to easily fall in depression. She had a fairly independent personality. She accomplished her tasks and settled her own problems most of the time. But this dull lifestyle was becoming quite tedious.

All her life, she had kept herself busy. However, this place was too luxurious, to the point that there was nothing for her to do.

She had barely finished half her steak, but she didn’t have much of an appetite. It was such a waste, but eating more would only cause her to feel nauseous and sick.

‘Should I just finish the whole plate and suffer later?’

She contemplated for a bit, then put down her knife.

“Does it not suit your taste?”

“That’s not it. Please relay to the chef that the dish was great as usual. Today... I just feel a bit full. I think I ate too many crackers this afternoon.”

Lucia usually finished all her afternoon snacks and dinner as well. However, she had not eaten much of the crackers today at all. Even so, Jerome didn’t bother going out of his way to remind Lucia of that fact.

“Is it still raining?”

“Yes, it seems it will be pouring all night long.”

“I see.”

If it wasn’t raining, she could have taken a walk around the lackluster garden. It felt like the day was crawling by today.

“I’ll be heading up now.”

“Shall I bring some tea for you?”

“Please do. Ah, actually never mind. I’ll be in the study. I’ll have my tea at a later time.”

“Yes, madam.”

The one place Lucia loved in Roam was Hugo’s study. It had high black domed ceiling. The wall facing south had a giant window that let the sunshine light up the room until sundown. The other walls were covered with books all the way up to the ceiling. The walls had three levels of railing systems with the width of about a single person. One could travel across all the different levels of bookshelves through a set of stairs.

On the left, one could find another room, except it had no door. Inside, there was a sofa and a bed. Toward the right, there was another room which was tightly locked. According to Jerome, the room was filled with various Taran family heirlooms and only the duke was allowed to enter it. Even Jerome himself had never entered the room before.

It was the luxury study of everyone’s dreams.

The estate in the capital had a similarly designed study, and they always bought two copies of each book. One copy would stay in Roam, while the other would be carried off to the capital. Had she known there was a study in the capital estate, she would’ve visited the place. She had spent all her days in bed and had no idea a study existed at all.

“The book I was reading yesterday... Ah, found it.”

Lucia could not work up the courage to bring the books outside the room, so she always politely read inside. She was worried she would stain the pages of the books, so she didn’t even dare drink tea.

She hadn’t received permission to enter the study. The butler had said it would be alright, so she frequented the place, but she worried a bit in case Hugo would think otherwise.

She engrossed herself in reading while enjoying the smell of old paper. She was almost done with the book. 30 minutes later she turned the last page. Lucia stared at the word ‘end’ for a while, then slowly closed the book.

‘It was pretty good. The middle felt a little slow, but it had a tranquil feeling. I should read more of this author’s works.’

Lucia returned the book to its original place and scanned the bookshelf once again. The bookshelf was neatly organized, so it was easy to find the author’s other works. Among the many titles, a particular one caught her interest. There was one single problem – the book was very high up. Stretching her hand up, she could barely reach it. It seemed that if she tiptoed, she could get to the book.

‘Just a little bit more. A little bit...’

Lucia struggled with all her strength. It was so close yet so far. While she was putting all her effort into getting the book, a shadow appeared from behind her. A long arm smoothly wrapped around her waist and she could feel someone’s strong chest against her back. She could smell the scent of a particular person, and suddenly she felt dizzy. The other arm of the person easily reached for the book Lucia was struggling to get all along.

“This one?”

Lucia was startled by the low voice that rang above her head. His low but smooth voice was breathtaking. Lucia reflexively escaped from his embrace as fast as she could. She could identify the person from scent and voice so fast that it surprised her.

‘I must have... been waiting. For this man.’

She ate and spent her days in Roam very well. It was to the point that she praised herself for her fast adaptability. Thus, she had assumed she didn’t have him in her mind. She didn’t think she missed or yearned for him at all.

But the moment Lucia saw him, her heart was singing. It was as if her heart was surging with overwhelming emotions and thumping so loudly that she worried whether he was able to hear it beating.

“Thank...you.”

She received the book and took a step back. She acted as if she got burned, causing him to look at Lucia with displeasure. He had only wrapped his hand around her waist. It felt like he could still feel her soft body, so he tightly gripped his hand into a fist.

‘Is the meeting over? Maybe they are taking a short break. Should I be asking if he had a safe trip? How do I start this conversation...?’

Dozens of thoughts swam around in circles in her mind. In the end, she could not work up the courage to say anything.

“I’m sorry for greeting you so late after my return.”

When he started the conversation, Lucia felt the suffocating feeling lift from her body.

“That’s to be expected with the amount of work you have. Is the meeting... over?”

“For today it is.”

“The cas-castle is stunning. It’s so gigantic it took me more than a day to tour the whole place.”

“When you’ve lived here a while, you will realize you frequent only a few rooms necessary for daily life.”

“Ah... yes. I’m sure it’s so.”

“I heard you had trouble finishing your dinner.”

“I ate a lot. Though... of course I won’t have a huge appetite every single day of my life.”

“Today, you didn’t have much of an appetite?”

“Huh? Ah... not really...”

“Was it not delicious?”

“The chef’s skills are top-notch.”

“Is anyone being disagreeable with you?”

“Everyone is really really friendly. Everyone.”

He had asked in a slow tone, but Lucia answered with a scary fast speed. By chance, if the meal really tasted a little off or if someone happened to be unfriendly, it felt like this wasn’t the right time to become a blabbermouth. In any case, the meals were top quality and everyone in Roam was friendly.

He inched closer slowly. Lucia hesitated while taking small steps back, but soon her back hit the bookshelf behind her. He drew close to her, resting one hand on the bookshelf and trapping her from moving, as his other hand gently combed through her hair.

Her heart started thumping so wildly it hurt. The moment they had shared a month ago vividly played in her mind. His overwhelming strength and his heavy body that repeatedly entered hers; as well as the sharp pain that had caused her to break out in cold sweat. She felt like she had turned into an obscene woman, making her flustered.

“Look at me.”

Lucia carefully lifted her head, returning her attention from the intriguing floor and surroundings back to Hugo. She had to look up quite a bit to meet his gaze; he towered over her.

“Are you uncomfortable when you’re with me?”

“...I’m not uncomfortable, just a little flustered.”

“Why?”

“I... still feel awkward, but it doesn’t seem to be the case for Your Grace. It has been an entire month since I’ve last seen you...”

“Are you nagging me for returning a month later?”

“How can I...?”

The end of his lips stretched into a smile. His mysterious appearance caused Lucia’s heart to thump. His long finger lightly raised her chin up. He slightly bowed to meet her eyes up close. When his lips touched hers, Lucia’s heart felt like it was being squeezed tight to the point it would malfunction, so she closed her eyes.

He lightly bit her lower lip, the shock making her lips slightly open. He quickly took the opportunity to venture his own tongue into her mouth. His warm flesh smoothly brushed against her gums and tickled the roof of her mouth. The sensation of their tangling tongues made her body hum.

He supported the back of Lucia’s head with his hand and deepened their kiss. The sound of their lips and saliva smacking grew louder, making Lucia’s face flushed. Her hands, that had been wandering, had unknowingly wrapped around his neck somehow. Upon this, he firmly wrapped his arm around her hips and hugged her close against him.

After a long while, he parted his mouth from hers. Lucia took heavy gasps as if she had gone for a run. She wasn’t sure whether her body was exhausted or she was mentally drunk from the atmosphere till it made her breathless.

Half her senses were already gone off to somewhere, but when he bit onto her neck, her senses returned like a slap. When she collected herself again, one of his leg was in between hers, while their bodies were flush against each other. His arms were also firmly wrapped around her hips.

She had dropped the book long ago, letting it flop onto the floor. His scarlet eyes were a hair’s breadth away and seemed calm like usual, but at the same time, Lucia could see something burning behind them.

Suddenly, the ceiling spun. He had hoisted her up onto his arms and was briskly walking off to somewhere. He walked into the adjacent room connected to the study and laid her onto the bed. She watched him climb on top of her in a daze and belatedly realized what his true intentions were. He was going to embrace her. Right now, right here.

“Wait... wait!”

In that short moment, he had already stripped Lucia’s breasts naked. When she felt the cold air on her skin, she realized an even more terrifying fact.

‘I don’t like pain!’

She was scared. Lucia quickly crossed her arms and covered her breasts.

“Let... let’s wash first.”

Lucia blurted out a random excuse, but when she thought deeper on it, it should sound very agreeable.

“I’ve already had a bath.”

“I mean me. Me!”

“I don’t care about that.”

“I care! Your Grace... Hugh. Please...”

In the morning, she had washed only her face. It was raining and the weather was so dreary that her body felt tired as well. She was scared, but putting her fear aside, she didn’t want to roll around in bed in such a dreary state.

His eyebrows lifted as he obediently moved away from her. He even assisted her up by holding her hand. Lucia re-fastened her clothes as fast as she could and escaped out of the study as fast as a flying arrow. She’d had her neck bitten by a wolf and had barely made her escape. Hugo watched her running away like a rabbit and let out a forced laugh.

He had barely managed to restrain his surging lust. He thought of her tear-filled pumpkin colored eyes and the desires he’d managed to hold back flared up again.

Anyway, she had nowhere to escape to. She could only attempt things within Roam. She was his wife after all.

Wife.

Hugo liked the word for some reason. He was even happier with the fact that this word – ‘wife’ – was attached to her.

Hugo ran his hand through his hair. He did it unconsciously whenever things didn’t go his way.

He felt chaotic. He wanted to embrace her. He wanted to thrust himself deeply into her tight body. Whenever he remembered the hot and moist feeling of being inside her, his lower half got painfully rigid. He was lusting for her. That was an undeniable fact. However, he didn’t understand the clear reason behind it.

She wasn’t a stunning beauty. She wasn’t an expert in bed either. On their first night, she had been trembling from nerves, and because of the pain, she had struggled through the whole process. Whenever he touched her body, she would flinch like something bad was going to happen. He couldn’t satisfy his desires to his heart’s content, either.

Even so, her body felt mind-numbingly good. The pressure and heat of her insides came to him in waves, and the euphoria was enough to make him lose his mind. When he saw her try to follow his actions, it had snapped his last bit of sanity.

He never let his bedtime activities affect his regular life. No matter how hot and passionate the sex, once he stepped out of bed, he was able to erase it all from his mind. But after that night, she kept appearing inside his mind and bothering him endlessly.

Her gasping moans, how she would grasp his shoulders tighter whenever he thrusted in, her tight insides, and her tear-filled eyes. His lower half throbbed whenever he looked at the teeth marks she had left on his arm.

If Hugo were to compare the satisfaction level of sex and killing, the two gave him equal amounts of pleasure. His blood thirsted for the blood of others. He couldn’t go around killing people all year round, so in his free time, he had turned to quell his body’s heat by embracing women. Therefore, when he was out killing, he didn’t need a woman’s body to satisfy himself.

This time, however, was different. Every night, he couldn’t stop the floating images of her in his mind, and his lower half throbbed like crazy. Even so, he didn’t wish to quench his sexual frustration by venting out on a random female. That was why he had canceled his tour around the northern territory and had returned home instead. The entire month, his body had felt like it was on fire.

He had to confirm whether her body was really that sweet. Maybe he was just regretting that their moment had passed too quickly. If it was the latter, all he needed to do was take care of that regret. If it was the former, it would become a huge problem for him.

No matter how much he yearned for a female’s body, his heart had never been shaken up to that degree. He didn’t like the fact that he could be shaken up by anything at all.

He got up from the bed and entered the study once more. He picked up the fallen book and went to put it back in the shelf, but paused and instead placed it on top of a table. It seemed like she wanted to read it; she would probably look for it again.

‘She is... in the study room.’

Jerome had answered in a hesitant manner. It was strictly forbidden for anyone to enter the study without permission. The study was designed as a place that could be cut off from the outside world; it was his only private space within the whole castle. From time to time, he needed a place where he could just breathe while being alone. He didn’t spend that much time in the study, but if he ever decided to go there, it meant he didn’t want to be bothered unless it was a very urgent matter.

When he’d heard that she was in the study, he hadn’t felt irritated. Rather, he had personally carried her to the bed in order to seduce her. Something he would have never imagined before getting married.

But to be precise, accepting a marriage proposal like that wasn’t his style. From that point on, things had continued to tangle in weird directions. He couldn’t decide whether he was happy or irritated, making him feel confused.

Someone knocked on the door.

“Your Grace, it’s Jerome,” Jerome politely spoke.

“Come in.”

As soon as Jerome entered, he checked His Lord Duke’s expression. He had witnessed the madam run out of the study and into her bedroom. Jerome had mentioned to her that the maids had already readied the bath for her. He noticed the madam’s face was stiff and made speculations about the situation.

Jerome had been keeping track of the madam’s every action. He wasn’t trying to surveil her; he simply wished to care for her in the best way he could provide. It didn’t seem like the madam had grown completely comfortable of the place, so he was going to keep caring for her that way for a while longer. His rank was only the head butler and he didn’t want to overstep his boundaries.

Jerome didn’t usually go out of his way to eat more than he could chew; he didn’t throw his body around wastefully for the sake of loyalty, either. He always did his job the best he could, but he never increased that effort to over 100 percent. Even so, the reason for his sudden drastic change in behavior was because he was very satisfied with the current lady of the house. He had a bloodhound’s instinct – she would not break the peace of the duke’s life.

Ever since Duke Taran took in a wife, the once dreary castle seemed to be bursting with new-found energy, and it made Jerome happy. They had hired a lot of new maids for the madam’s sake, which contributed a lot.

The castle, that was once filled with only men, was now lively with many young women. The rigid and scary faces of the subordinates had softened dramatically. Jerome had already caught many of the servants dating, but he was turning a blind eye to it.

“Your Grace. It was me who said it would be alright for Madam to enter the study. If I had overstepped my boundaries...”

“What is your opinion of the duchess as the lady of the house?”

The duke didn’t pay any mind to his apology and instead threw a random question. Even so, Jerome did not become bewildered. The duke wasn’t such a kind person as to spell out every single detail to the opposite party.

“I dare not judge Her Grace, however, everyone loves the Madam.”

“Everyone?”

The duke chuckled as if conveying, ‘Isn’t that only your opinion?’

Jerome had started confessing his faults even though he wasn’t being interrogated in the first place. He was worried whether his own mistake might carry over anger to her. It had also been Jerome to catch the Duke as soon as the meeting was over and reveal that the Madam’s appetite had not been well the whole day.

When the duke heard the news, he had felt a little worried and apologetic toward her. Thus, he had decided to push the last minute details of the meeting for later and had gone to the study to meet her.

Jerome’s competence as a butler derived from his style of nipping problems in the bud with accuracy. Thus, he felt weird. Jerome understood that a woman didn’t earn the duke’s affection just by being his lover. Rather, the duke caused never ending pain for all the noble ladies he had made ties with.

All of the duke’s exes hated Jerome without exception. One particular woman had thrown juice in Jerome’s face. Many women slandered Jerome to Hugo’s ears. Of course, the party that would be cut off was not Jerome, but the woman.

“Why?”

“She has more than enough dignity to fulfil a Duchess’ duties. She doesn’t abuse her subordinates. She has a clear line of what she expects and disapproves of, but she never makes trouble over nothing. But on the other hand, she doesn’t become unnecessarily friendly with the maids. There are no chances for maids to become full of themselves over favoritism.”

“Is that so...?”

That had been unexpected. It felt like she wouldn’t be able to express anything other than a warm kind heart. She was so young, yet she had such skill controlling people beneath her. If that was not the case, Jerome would not be praising her to this degree.

“What is she doing now?”

At this rate, Jerome would start singing an anthem dedicated to Her Grace. So he quickly put a stop to his words.

“She is bathing.”

Hugo’s lips curved up, very satisfied. Hugo’s reaction had been instant, different from the sluggish fake front he usually displayed toward others.

“Madam has requested for tea to be brought up to her room. I shall bring tea for the both of you.”

Jerome suggested for the both of them to share a cup of tea while enjoying a peaceful evening. But he had not accurately guessed the Lord Duke’s true intentions this time. The thing the Lord Duke wished for was not tea.

“Don’t bring it up.”

Jerome’s lips stiffened.

“Don’t bother us.”

Jerome’s stiff expression softened and bowed.

“Don’t come in to wake us up in the morning, either.”

“I will heed to your commands.”

(end of chapter)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 14
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 14 The Ducal Couple (2)

Lucia gazed at the floating red flower petals on the water surface. Gradually, her face reflected the same red hue. The maids were softly pouring the bath water over Lucia’s shoulders; every time they splashed a bit of water, a fragrant aroma gently spread.

Lucia had never ordered anyone to prepare the bath like that. It was all the sneaky maids’ ideas. The purpose of this bath seemed so obvious that it made her embarrassed. However, it was more embarrassing because she really had such a purpose.

“Madam, how can your skin be so smooth?”

“Your skin is so silky even without applying oil.”

“A baby’s skin will not be able to compare to yours.”

The maids kept chattering without stop today. They seemed to be in a happy mood for the ducal couple’s first night together in Roam. Lucia listened to the maids’ flattery without much of a reaction. She also knew her own skin was very nice. But she didn’t feel particularly proud about it.

‘Regardless, men are only attracted by a pretty face and a glamourous body, not nice skin. He... probably thinks the same.’

Duke Taran of her dream had gone around spreading scandals with various women. Every time one greeted him at a party, he would have a different woman hanging on his arm. However, the point that connected all the females together was that they all had huge breasts.

Lucia snuck a quick glance at her own breasts and let out a small sigh. There was no way she could try and claim she had big breasts. At least she had a slim waist line that helped to accentuate her hips, so she didn’t look completely flat. Even so, she thought it wasn’t anything worth showing off. Her face wasn’t particularly pretty either.

In order to catch his eye, one had to have at least Sofia Lawrence’s level of beauty. Lucia recalled the events from the victory ball. A beauty like Sofia had been thrown away without a second thought.

All of Duke Taran’s flings were beauties that seemed like roses. Although he went around switching partners left and right, it did not tarnish his reputation. After his marriage, he had not made appearances with any woman other than his wife.

Inside her dream, the duke at least had a level of respect to his own wife. Therefore, she felt relieved because it meant that in this life she would be able to have the same level of respect from the duke.

After her bath, she entered her bedroom in her gown, but she was extremely startled. He was sitting by the table with some wine. He was about to take a sip, but instead he turned his attention to Lucia and slowly got up.

The maids, who had been waiting on the duke, became flustered as they watched the two of them and quickly escaped from the room. Tomorrow, the servants of the castle would all be gossiping about this: The duke couldn’t even wait for the duchess to finish her bath and had decided to wait in her room.

Lucia let out a heavy sigh. He had let her have a peaceful bath to ready her heart. But that did not reduce her fears. The first night they had shared had been too sudden and intense. She couldn’t claim that she hated the entire process, but it hurt a lot and was tiresome.

Even with those feelings, she could not look away from him. The memories of their first night were hazy, but they suddenly returned with extreme clarity. She walked closer to him like she was possessed.

He poured a glass of wine and lifted it to her as if asking if she wanted some. He wore a thin see-through linen shirt that showed off his muscles. Lucia gulped down thickly and nodded.

She sipped a small amount of wine. It had a bitter sour taste. She wasn’t particularly fond of the taste, but she chugged the whole glass clean and pushed it back to him.

“More?”

When she nodded, one side of his lips quirked up, and he refilled the wine glass while chuckling softly. After drinking, her body warmed up and her heart relaxed. He was admiring her flushed cheeks when she licked the wine residue from her lips. His eyes grew a degree darker.

He reached for her without warning. His hand supported the back of her head as he sucked on her red lips. Taking the wine glass from her hand, he gently placed it back on the table and wrapped his arm around her waist.

He lightly sucked on her lips to loosen her tense muscles, then used his tongue to deepen the kiss. He could taste the bittersweet flavor of the wine. He brushed his tongue against her gums and pulled away while maintaining eye contact with her. He wanted to see her tear stained eyes again.

“Do you enjoy alcohol?” (Hugo)

“...Only on special occasions.” (Lucia)

He chuckled in satisfaction and started kissing her once more. His mouth stimulated her in a sweet and gentle way, so that Lucia had to lean against him for support due to her weakening body.

He slid his hands beneath her disheveled gown. One hand stroked her hip, while the other one reached up and squeezed her breast. His touch sent shocking jolts throughout her body. His leg had snuck in between hers and was rubbing against her body. With his lips pressed against her neck, he let out a low whisper.

“You’re shaking.”

Upon his words, Lucia realized that she was trembling. The drunk feeling from earlier was already gone.

“Don’t be scared. It won’t hurt this time. If you remain so tense, you won’t be able to enjoy it and you might get hurt again.”

When her trembling continued, Hugo embraced her tightly with a rigid face. She was small and weak, but confident and steadfast. If a person like her feared him to such a degree, he had to be a heinous bad guy.

She was young and a virgin. He realized himself that their first night together had been rough. She would have felt nervous even if he had treated her gently, but he had treated her like all of his past one night stands. It must have been a strenuous experience for her.

She already had a long list of opinions of him, but now it would be one item longer. He was sure it wouldn’t be a positive trait either.

‘Damn it. I should have held myself back before.’ He regretted too late.

He didn’t want to force himself on her when she was trembling in fright. He wanted to enjoy a passionate night together with her. All his past lovers had been women who enjoyed being intimate. In Lucia’s case, it was her first time and he wasn’t sure how he should continue forward. For the first time he wanted to seduce a woman who didn’t know how to enjoy sex.

Hugo held her up and walked to their bed. She didn’t reject him, but her hands and arms were tense from nerves.

He laid her on the bed and lied down next to her. He embraced her hips and cuddled. His hand gently slid down her back, but he didn’t try to take his actions further.

A long while passed and Lucia was able to relax, but at the same time, she felt a little sad. It seemed like he wasn’t thinking of doing similar things as their first night together. He was probably here to put on a show for all the subordinates – that they were happy together. He was probably doing it for her sake.

The lady of the house’s position became crystallized once she obtained her husband’s love. If so, what was the meaning behind what had happened between them at Hugo’s personal study. If she hadn’t rejected him at that time, would that have changed anything? Too many complicated thoughts swam around in her mind.

“Are you sleeping?” (Hugo)

“...”

“Hey. Are you really sleeping? I’m not doing this to put you to sleep, you know.” (Hugo)

He rolled his body on top of her. Lucia’s eyes turned round with shock as she stared back at him. He seemed a little embarrassed and hesitant.

“Are you tired?” (Hugo)

“I’m fine, but... you’re probably tired by now. Upon your return, you’ve been busy with the meeting...”

“I’m fine. That’s not a problem... Anyway, I’m not tired at all.”

“...I see. Um...okay.”

The words, ‘Your stamina is amazing,’ almost left her mouth, but just then, he let out a heavy sigh. He had climbed on top of her, but all she did was stare back with a blank expression; he couldn’t help but feel frustrated. They had already been intimate with one another on their first night; his mysterious girl shouldn’t be ignorant of his intentions.

“I’m dying to be inside of you again.”

“...Huh?”

Lucia’s face flushed scarlet.

“I want to do it. How about you?”

“...”

“If you don’t want to, I won’t force you.”

His words were so sudden that Lucia didn’t know how to respond. He took her silence as rejection and heavily sighed with a lonely expression.

“Let me be honest. You may not like the idea, but I want you right now. Was our first night together that terrifying?”

“..I.I...”

Her throat felt tight. She wasn’t sure whether he was saying this jokingly or honestly. She wondered whether she was hearing his words correctly. She could see earnest desire behind his eyes. So he could look at others in that way, she thought. She was amazed, but at the same time, she wanted to be coy and push him away.

“...I thought you didn’t enjoy our first night together. Isn’t that why... you teased and laughed at me?”

“Laugh? I did? I admit, I teased you. But it was because you were cute. I’m not such a pitiful guy to laugh at women in bed.”

He seemed determined to get his intentions and excuses across to her. At the word ‘cute’ Lucia’s face glowed pink.

“...The next morning... you stopped midway...”

That day, Lucia had been the one who wanted to stop, but she slyly pushed the blame onto him. However, he currently felt a sense of urgency, so he didn’t notice such fine details.

“Hey, you, woman. If I continued that day I would have caused you to become bed-bound for several days. I endured for your sake”

“...I was in a lot of pain.”

Lucia mumbled while sulking. At her words, Hugo wasn’t able to respond.

“I kept bleeding... and the bloody discharge wouldn’t stop, so I had to rest for two whole days.”

Anna had diagnosed that Lucia hadn’t suffered any serious injuries, but her words ‘bloody discharge’ gave out a strongly different nuance. Men understood that women could bleed after their first intercourse, but the fine details were a blur. She wasn’t acting that way just because she wanted to see a reaction from him. The complaint had just come out unknowingly.

Her words affected him greatly. He breathed in and out like he was in great despair, causing his mood to shift.

After a passionate night, all his past lovers would turn aggressive and try to win him over with a fiercer heart. The girls would not be able to look away from his lower body and appreciate him. There was never a case where they would appeal all the sufferings like her. Thus, he had no idea how to go about mending the situation.

His wife’s body was very frail, so he stamped into his mind that she ought to be treated tenderly.

“...How about now. Are you okay?”

“...Yes.”

He let out a relieved sigh. After managing to cross over the high castle walls, he found himself in front of another wall.

“Is that why you don’t want to?”

This man really wanted her. Lucia became a little dumbfounded. He could seduce any woman to sleep with him. If all he needed was a woman’s body, then he wouldn’t be hanging onto her every word like that and trying to explain himself. He could also force himself on her. However, he looked like he would back away if she requested it of him.

“Vivian. I’ll be sure to keep the promise that I made you on our first night together. As long as it’s not your first time, I’ll make sure it becomes a thrilling experience for you.”

Hugo began to gently coax her. All that took up his mind at this moment was how he could embrace the intelligent woman before him.

“I can’t believe you. Last time, you lied to me.”

Her rejection was firm and he couldn’t help but feel helpless.

“Lied? I told you that it would hurt if it was your first time.”

“You said it would hurt just a little. It hurt a lot.”

“Give me a chance to redeem myself. Do you intend to never sleep with me again?”

Although he was requesting nothing but physical intimacy, she felt like a stunning beauty who was being courted. It hadn’t been all bad at that time. She had felt a little bit of joy. She giggled and spoke.

“I’ll decide after today.”

Hugo spaced out for a moment and softly burst into laughter. Her jokes worked well on him. From time to time, she would say something and he would always laugh. Perhaps, her acknowledgement was what gave him such joy.

“You really keep a person hanging.”

It was a first in his entire life- clinging to a woman like this.

He raised his upper body, spread her legs, and propped himself against her. His lower half, that was throbbing with heat, slid closer to Lucia. Lucia’s cheeks gradually flushed.

She had just finished her bath, so she hadn’t had the chance to wear anything underneath her gown. He hadn’t taken off his pants yet, and a giant mound about to explode out could be seen.

The way he quickly threw off his clothes to the floor displayed his urgency. He untied her robe without hesitation, revealing her smooth white skin. That was the exact image in his imagination that had continuously kept him up at night. Her smooth neckline and delicate collarbone, her silky and sweet breasts that tasted like whipped cream, and her slim waistline.

While he was busy admiring her body from head to toe, she was also doing the same. Their first night had been too hectic and she couldn’t properly observe his body. He had broad shoulders and chest, and muscular arms that were twice the thickness or hers. She couldn’t pick out a single flaw; he looked like a war god. He had a manly air that made women stare with awe.

He laid his hands on her abdomen and slowly slid them up to her breasts and squeezed them. His strength was firm but not rough. He squeezed and let go as if he was expertly massaging them.

The way his fingers moved made her body feel strange, sending a tingling sensation up her spine. His member that was pressed against her kept twitching, as if showing off its presence. Lucia gasped while twisting her body. He lowered his head and took a mouthful of her breast.

“Ah!”

The slight pain when he sucked and licked around her nipple sent a pleasant feeling through her body, so she closed her eyes.

He gently fondled her body, letting Lucia heat up at her own pace. Her insides were now completely wet and slippery, so he slowly entered her. At that moment, Lucia let out a heavy sigh.

“It doesn’t hurt... does it?”

Lucia took deep breaths and answered with a short ‘no’. There was a slight dull ache, but it wasn’t to the point of pain. Compared to her first night, it was much better. Why did women have to suffer so much pain on their first night? Lucia seriously gave that some thought.

“I will start moving slowly. If you’re tired, tell me.”

He slid in slightly deeper with a slow motion. It was strange to have something rubbing inside of her. The ends of her fingertips jolted, while her body felt like it was sinking in. He continued to repeat his movement of pulling out and sliding in a little deeper, until his length seemed to have hit the deepest part of her body.

“Ah!”

A rush of euphoria hit her.

“Does it hurt?”

“N...o...”

She wasn’t hurting. It definitely wasn’t the feeling of pain, but she felt distressed. He pulled out and thrust in all the way.

“Wait... hk...”

“Does it hurt?”

“Yes... a little... something...”

She wished he would stop for a moment and wait for her, but he answered with a low hmmmn , and smirked.

“How can that be?”

He pushed into her warm body.

“Uuk!”

He thrust his bursting erection vigorously. She experienced a short moment of pain and intoxication. At the same time, she felt her body on the brink of climax. It was distressing, but at the same time it felt sweet. As her body continued to swallow his, she noticed how much her body was enjoying this moment. When he heard her breath start to become raspy, his member throbbed harder.

He panted roughly as if growling in her ears. He was feeling the same as Lucia, and it caused her body to burn up. Her body answered back to his, as her insides convulsed and squeezed.

“Uhk..”

Hugo felt his sanity leaving as her insides squeezed and pulsated repeatedly, he could barely hang on as he breathed roughly. He hadn’t even cum yet, but he was feeling a high tension of euphoria. It was very different today, because she wasn’t feeling as much pain as during her first time.

It wasn’t that their sex had ended prematurely the first time. Her innocent expressions, her clear eyes, everything combined together as he thrust deeply into her caused him to fall into a black hole of pleasure. He hungered for more pleasure, and thus he continuously pulled out and thrust deeper and deeper.

“Ah!”

Her insides squeezed him tightly, as if they didn’t want him to slip out. He clenched his teeth as he pounded into her. Every time she squeezed around him, he felt a wave of desire growing thicker. He had to hold back, it wasn’t the right time. He wanted to thrust deeper.

The sexual level right now was like a light brunch to him. The first time he discovered the truth of a woman’s body, he had caused four women to pass out from the nightlong love-making. Even then, he had never lost his rationality. After the countless number of women he had slept with, there wasn’t a woman who had caused him to heat up so much like right now.

“Ah! Un! Wait... wait a moment...”

She felt as if someone had taken a hold of her brain and was massaging it. That distant and strange feeling was fearsome to Lucia, so she pounded onto his chest with her two hands trying to push him away. He took this chance to take a hold of her hands and pin her down while eagerly thrusting into her.

Every time he thrust, a slippery wet sound resounded crazily. Their raspy breaths and her moaning voice were alluring; he felt a flood of euphoria rush down his body as he climaxed. It was mind-blowingly good.

“Haaa...”

Lucia twisted while mewling. Her pupils dilated and her mouth gaped open, and she couldn’t stop her voice from moaning. The feeling was indescribable. It was as if her brain and lower half of her body melted into one being and let out a flood of sensual sweetness.

She was out of breath and her body trembled. She felt fear like she was falling into some place, but at the same time, she felt like her body was floating on cloud nine. She wanted to escape, but at the same time, she didn’t want the feeling within her body to leave her.

It was as if a strong hailstorm of euphoria had passed through her entire body. She relaxed her grip on his hands, and flopped down next to him. She couldn’t move at all. It was taking some time for her body to return to normal. Her hazy senses gradually returned to normal and it was then that she realized he had his head dug into her neck while breathing roughly.

‘Oh my god.’

Hugo lamented. He thought he was going to die. Her insides squeezed and sucked him in such a way he could only gasp. Up until now, he had never had a moment where he didn’t have control over his own body like that.

It was like her body was engulfing him. He felt like a fish that had been harpooned – he could only tremble as his whole body convulsed with pleasure. He suddenly grew to understand how a person could undergo coition death.

This time, he had spent quite a bit of time inside her body. It was different than their first time where he had one-sidedly controlled the situation. Even if he was simply inside of her, her insides convulsed and squeezed repeatedly.

He was barely able to calm himself down. He thought he was already trained to remain rational no matter how things turned. He had slept with women that could knock out several men after a night of sex, but even then, he thought nothing much of it.

It was the first time he felt this way.

He used his arm to straighten up and looked down at her form. She looked completely disheveled as she breathed roughly. He was a man weak to pleasure. His desire for the woman lying below him grew exponentially. She was sweating from the love-making, and he couldn’t help but kiss her forehead. He kissed her tear filled eyes, her nose, her chin, her neck, and down to her deepest part of her body.

Lucia’s hazy senses gradually sharpened. Her body was cooling down after climaxing, and she couldn’t gather the strength to even move a finger. But now that some time had passed, she felt alright again. His light kisses continued across her entire body without rest. He didn’t shy away from kissing every part of her body.

Lucia was a bit embarrassed but joyful at the same time. His gentle kisses felt like she was being loved by him. She had experienced a married life in her dream, but she was ignorant of the sexual relations between husband and wife. However, she understood he was satisfied as much as her.

Lucia didn’t know how to use techniques to seduce a man. She was naturally defensive and it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say her heart was made out of stone. Even so, she had a lewd body that reacted easily even without the use of aphrodisiacs.

It was a type of body hard to find even amongst famous prostitutes. However, Lucia was ignorant of all that. She only understood he was satisfied, and that was it.

Hugo held Lucia’s hand and kissed her palm, then her wrist, and up to her shoulders, his lips wet against her skin. Lucia became embarrassed and had to look in a different direction while letting him do as he pleased with her body.

When he understood she was letting him do as he pleased, he stirred with more excitement. He stuffed himself into her slowly, feeling his length hardening and growing bigger.

Propping one of her legs over his shoulder, he kissed her damp leg and started moving his hips once more. Her eyes grew wide and when they made eye contact, her cheeks glowed red. She lowered her gaze down and she could see her body tightly squeeze his.

He had spilled his semen into her and her insides were very slippery, making it easy for her to take him into her body. She was able to take in most of his length into her body this time. He slid out only slightly, then continued to push himself into her. Her insides felt hot and moist; every time their skin rubbed against each other, he enjoyed the pleasurable sensations.

“Ung... Ah...ah....”

Weak moans slipped out of Lucia’s lips. The way Hugo’s firm member rammed into her had every intention of sending her senses to the heavens. The gradually rising ecstasy was amazing. Whenever he thrust himself completely into her, Lucia’s body would shiver from head to toe.

It was like her body was sinking in deep. She felt weak but filled by something. She had climaxed already, so her body was very sensitive. Every time he rubbed against her, a jolting sensation shot through her whole body.

She wasn’t intentionally trying to display her techniques or to be coy. Hugo’s body heated up seeing her hazy tearful eyes. Her body movements were minimal. Even so, she wasn’t merely acting, but responding truly based on how she was feeling.

He didn’t want to pull out from the punishing heat inside her. At the same time, he wanted to slide out and thrust in to excite their bodies. He moved his hips into a circle to stimulate her, where she responded as if by reflex. Her insides tightened while sucking him in and massaging his member.

He took deep breaths, doing his best to prevent himself from climaxing. She was like a demoness. Her lips were slightly parted and he could see the tip of her tongue. He craved to taste her. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders and waist and lifted her body up.

He pulled her closer so that they were face to face while softly supporting the back of her head, and kissed her while sucking on her tongue. Her flexible tongue seemed to be trying to escape. However, he continued to chase after it while pressing and lightly nibbling on it.

She seemed shocked for a moment and tried to draw her tongue away from him. While he continued to chase after her tongue, he enjoyed the game of conquering her mouth. This whole time, he was squeezing her buttocks as he kept moving his hips, pounding into her.

Their salivas mixed and he enjoyed exploring every little corner of her mouth. He only parted his lips from hers when she pressed her hands against his chest.

“Hhaa... Hhaa...”

Her lips seemed a bit swollen as she gasped for breath. He chuckled and lightly kissed the top of her lips.

“Breathe through your nose”

Lucia, who had been glaring at him for trying to suffocate her, dropped her gaze down. Their naked bodies were twisted together and the moment she became conscious of their state, she got incredibly embarrassed.

She wasn’t laying down and letting him inside her, she was sitting on top of him while admiring his naked chest. She was so embarrassed she couldn’t meet his eyes.

When Lucia refused to meet his eyes, he felt a bit of heartbreak. Whenever he purposely tried to follow her gaze, she would turn her head in a way that would avoid his once again. He stubbornly continued to try, then soon figured out she was acting that way because she was feeling shy. He laughed softly.

Her body reacted in such a lewd way that it seemed like she wouldn’t be able to survive without a man. Still, she was innocent. In this whole world, only he knew of her lewd nature. For some reason, he was very satisfied of that fact.

Hugo let her lie down once more. This time, instead of face to face, he laid her on her side with her legs clamped together, while he thrust into her body.

“Ah...uhn...”

He stimulated a different place with the new position. He sometimes only thrust a little, and other times he thrust in deeply. The first time Lucia had sex, she was too busy trying to endure the pain. This time, Lucia was drowning in pleasure.

***

When Lucia’s consciousness returned to her, she wasn’t sure whether she had woken up from a dream or whether she had woken up after fainting. Her head was numb and her body sluggish. When her dull senses sharpened, she could hear breaths in her ear.

She could feel his firm chest against her back. He was hugging her tightly from behind. One hand wrapped her hips, while his other hand was grasping her chest. His every breath tickled her neck.

One of his legs had squeezed itself between hers and it was as if she was sitting on his lap while laying down. Additionally, his aroused and firm member was resting against her buttocks.

Sunshine was spilling in from between the curtains and it seemed that some time had passed already. How many hours had passed?

She had always woken up early in the morning, so it was the first time she couldn’t estimate the time of day. When she carefully tried to slip out of his hold, she felt his arm tighten and pull her back into his embrace. She felt his lips lightly kiss her nape.

“Your...Grace...?”

“...My name.”

“...Hugh. Please... let me go.”

“I don’t want to.”

His lips continued to kiss her nape and her shoulders. His kisses moved slowly, but they were deep. They stung a little, causing her skin to turn pink.

“Your Gra...Hugh. It’s morning.”

He didn’t pay any heed to Lucia’s small protest, and squeezed her breast. He rubbed his rigid member against her, enjoying her trembling from the stimulation.

Her face flushed down to her neck. He wanted to continue teasing and touching her. As if he was thrusting into her, he moved his hips up and down against her.

“Un...”

She let out a small muffled moan while huffing. He furrowed his brows and decided to rise up. Holding onto her waist, he pressed his firm member against her butt, while gradually sliding his member into her swollen, slippery, and sensitive entrance.

“Hhu...”

Her fingers tightly grasped the bed sheets. His member slowly entered and slid out fast, then pounded back into her. Whenever he thrusted in and out, her insides spilled out slippery wet juices; eventually they began dripping down her legs. They looked like two animals copulating, while wet slurping sounds continued to shamelessly grow louder. Soon, she could feel a sense of extreme ecstasy wash over her whole body.

Lucia’s body fell limp as if she fainted. He lightly bit her soft cheeks, pecked her lips, and sucked on her neck. He wasn’t satisfied at all. He tasted her again and again, but no matter what he did, his thirst for her continued to grow endlessly. He wanted to bite down onto her neck and taste her blood. It felt like only then, his thirst would be quenched.

‘I’m crazy.’

He dug his nose into her neck and enjoyed the scent of fresh fruit. That woman’s body was a deadly drug. No, even a drug couldn’t feel as sweet as this. Hugo embraced her body tightly while thinking he had truly gone insane.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 15
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 15 The Ducal Couple (3)

translated by: iseuli

edited by: libramuse + lili

One Morning.

Lucia observed the morning sunlight shining through and into her bedroom. She blinked several times to chase away her drowsiness. Using her hands, she brought herself upright.

Fatigue attacked every part of her body. She had grown used to waking up feeling tired. For the past month, Hugo had been visiting her bedroom every night, pouncing on her like a wild animal.

The explosive pleasures she shared with him drained a lot of her stamina. There was never a time that he would finish quickly; he would only stop after Lucia fainted from exhaustion.

She was kept awake together with him all night long. Each day, she would spend her day nodding off due to drowsiness, and when she managed to gather a bit of strength, night would arrive. Then he would lead her onto the bed for a night-long event. While she idled her days away, a whole month had passed within the blink of an eye.

By now, her body was getting used to these night long events and she was able to get up earlier while not feeling as fatigued. The first week, she was only able to rise by late afternoon.

Of course Lucia would never admit to him that her own stamina had gotten better. If she did, he would pounce on her with more fearsome strength than now. She wanted to stop spending her days in bed. It was so embarrassing to face all the servants tending to her.

Yesterday, he had been more persistent than usual. It felt like she could still feel him tightly thrusting into her. If she truly abhorred doing this, all she had to do was refuse. He wasn’t one to rape her just because she refused. Honestly, it was tiresome but it was also nice.

Gratifying sex and many sensual orgasms causes fatigue, but it also brought forth a fulfilling feeling. He expertly rolled her left and right while pleasuring every corner of her body with his tongue. She wasn’t able to compare him with any other man nor will she ever have the chance to in the future, but she understood that he was quite skilled at this.

He pleasured her on bed, off the bed, even on top of tables and sofas. Every day he pleasured her in a new ways while supporting her body in various positions. Although the nights were long, she could not feel any aversion to the sensual activities between a man and woman.

At first, she was shocked and thought of him as nothing but a beast. However eventually, she found herself climbing on top of him while bouncing her own hips up and down. Within just a month, he had taught Lucia the joys of sexual pleasure.

She pulled on a rope to call the maids. She washed and changed her clothes. Lucia observed her reflection with strange eyes. The maids behind her had their eyes facing the floor with shy eyes.

Lucia had worn a dress with a low cut neck-line and it revealed many rosy kiss marks. It looked like she had some kind of skin disease. The weather was growing hotter day by day but she had to cover herself up completely. Lucia sighed heavily and spoke.

“… I can’t go out like this. Bring me something else. A dress that will completely cover my neck.”

“Yes, madam.”

The maids moved around busily. Lucia no longer felt embarrassed, she was shameless at this point. If anyone were to be in her situation every morning for a whole month, they would feel the same.

They were newlyweds, it’s to be expected. But, it seems everyone around her was surprised that the duke would visit her every night. All the servants had been friendly to start with, but now everyone was serving her in cold sweat. She realized there was nothing more powerful than having a husband’s love.

Late morning, Lucia enjoyed tea time on a simple table under the shade at the castle garden. This had been one of her daily tasks.

‘What a desolate garden …’

The castle garden was vast and it was filled with nothing but year-round perennials. There wasn’t a single flower in sight. One could not witness a speck of orange during autumn. The garden remained in the exact same condition even during winter. This style required less maintenance, but claiming it to be a garden was quite laughable.

‘Shall I renovate the garden …?’

Other than Duke of Taran and his son, she was the only other person in the Taran family – the duchess. The duchess was usually the one to take charge in the designs of the castle interiors as well as the garden.

‘There’s not much else to do …’

Throughout Lucia’s stay, she didn’t have anything to do. She didn’t learn flower arranging to pass the time like other noble women do nor did she have any particular hobbies. She didn’t find joy in luxuries such as jewelry and accessories neither so there was no reason for her to shop for them. Every day, she read books for several hours and the remaining time was spent drinking tea and taking light walks.

‘I really … feel like a good for nothing.’

One who doesn’t work, doesn’t deserve to eat. In Lucia’s dream, she had lived by these words. When she was the Count’s wife she had the job of partaking in parties and make connections with those in high society. On the contrary, if Hugo were to know this, he would have been confused. ‘How can you have nothing to do?’ In his opinion, though she still had a long way to go, she was fulfilling her role as the duchess very well.

“Madam.”

While she wondered whether to start heading in, Jerome interrupted her thoughts. Jerome handed a single envelope to Lucia. Inside, she found a document. She scanned through the sheet of paper with furrowed brows.

“… It’s the management of household accounts.”

“Yes, Madam. It took some time to draw up a new budget because we never managed it before today.”

All noble women who were married had to manage their own household allowances. In the royal palace, the queens and consorts were given allowances for overlooking and managing all the court ladies. Noble women were responsible for managing household living necessities such as the interior design of the house, hiring servants, and organizing parties for various social events.

“Originally, the budget didn’t include employment of servants and basic castle maintenance. This is the new regulated budget plan so that you will be able to control all the different aspects.”

“The newly calculated budget plan …? How much of this money am I allowed to use? Isn’t this money to be applied solely for employment wages and maintenance?”

“There will be gradual changes in the future. Madam, you will be the one who has the responsibility in making decisions on how this money will be spent. As long as it is within the budget, it is up to you how you spend this money.”

This place really had become Lucia’s very own private property. The amount of money was huge. She could barely count all the zeros that followed the first digit. This budget was extravagant, but Jerome had spoken of this budget as a mere trifling afterthought. As expected for a ducal household, their income is in another level than others.

‘So now my life as a leech comes to an end …’

Now that she had been given a job, she had to show satisfactory results. As the prestige of the title of a noble increased, so did their amount of work. It was basic knowledge that the lady of the house was responsible for maintaining the harmony of the household. More importantly, they held the responsibility to support their husbands in the world of nobility.

‘Let’s start from the garden …’

She didn’t have much knowledge on gardening. She had never taken care of a garden back in her dream when she was married to Count Matin. It took a lot of money to maintain a garden and Count Matin didn’t wish to waste his money on such things.

When she expressed her intentions, Jerome immediately organized a plan and relayed any of his own tips to her.

This would be the end of her draining mindless days. Today, Lucia ate her dinner alone. Although the ducal couple ate breakfast and lunch on their own time, they usually took the time to eat dinner together. On this day, he had business outside and returned home far past dinner time.

Lucia read books in the private study, took a bath, and dried her wet hair in her bedroom. Usually her maids tended to her, but at this hour was the time he usually frequented her bed chambers.

Click, his grace entered her room by letting himself in. After he had chased away all his attendants, he welcomed himself into her room while wearing a single bath robe. This was also the case for Lucia. She had tied her bathrobe tightly and looked very proper, but underneath she wasn’t wearing anything at all. At first, she felt odd, but now this felt natural for her.

He approached Lucia who was in front of her vanity mirror and gave her a back hug while kissing the back of her neck. Lucia closed her eyes while feeling his lips that on her nape. Her body felt faint. Was this what happiness is suppose to feel like? She felt a creeping fear that she would never be able to forget this moment and would live the rest of her life feeling lonely.

“I asked Jerome to deliver you something, did you receive it?”

“Yes. I decided … I wanted to revamp the castle garden.”

“The garden?”

“I saw there were no flowers, was that your intentions? Is it okay for me to redesign the garden?”

“The lady of the house had always been in charge of the garden. Do as you please.”

“We have to hire a landscape gardener and create a plan before doing anything. We will need to hire a large labor force in the beginning so the castle could become crowded. I don’t know if that would irritate you.”

Hugo knew nothing about the garden. In the first place, he had no interest in it at all. It was Jerome who thought it looked too pitiful for the garden to be so barren and filled it with vegetation that would need minimal care during all four seasons. He already understood that it would take a lot of labor and money to revamp the garden.

“Is the budget I set aside for you, not enough?”

Hugo took it upon himself to understand Lucia’s intentions of bringing up this topic.

“Huh?”

She was shocked. She didn’t need more money at all.

“Increasing the budget a significant amount is a bit troublesome. This year’s budget was already drafted and your budget for this year was created by taking away money from the provisional budget. But, I will be sure to consider it next year.”

The overall budget would be decided by the head of the family. Many times, nobles would go out of their way to ensure a specific percentage of the family budget before marriage. If the married couple are in love, it was correct for the wife to receive a heftier amount than the norm. On the other hand, when a man wishes to divorce his wife, the first thing he would do is try to scrape down his wife’s budget as much as he could.

This year’s budget division was already decided upon, so he had set aside the largest amount he could manage with what was left over. He already had plans to increase her allowance budget next year.

Lucia’s allowed monetary budget was not because she was the duchess. Noble wives would not easily reveal their own personal monetary information due to pride, but if they heard how much Lucia received they would have a hard time believing such a story.

“That’s not it. I didn’t bring this up for that reason. There are already a lot of people in the castle. I was afraid if I brought in too many people, you would become irritated. I wanted to make sure … renovating the garden wouldn’t get in your way …”

“Hundreds of people already travel in and out of Roam. It’s not like you will increase the labor force by several thousand folds. It doesn’t matter that you bring in a few more. The garden had always been overlooked by the duchess. It doesn’t matter if you chop down all the trees or make a huge pond. Do as you wish. You don’t need my permission to do such things.”

“… I’m not sure between the things I have total freedom and the things I need permission for. What are the limitations to what I can do?”

Lucia stared at him with confused eyes. At this moment, he lifted her up like a princess and laid her onto the bed. While returning her gaze, he softly supported her chin.

“How far do you want to go?”

This was an opportunity. Lucia wasn’t dense. This was the exact same situation as when a King would ask their bedside partners, ‘What would you like to have?’ for love play.

A satisfied man would become lenient and with a bit of coquettish skill, the female would be able to gain much benefits. Most females behaved in this way.

Hugo waited expectantly, wondering what words would come out from her mouth. Her skills were on another level. Up until now, she had never requested anything from him. He had made up his mind that he would agree to anything as long as it was within his power. It would be best if it was something that could be bought with money. Women who were power hungry were no fun.

“I’m asking you because I don’t know myself. As you’ve seen already … nobody had ever taught me any basics nor have I had an opportunity to learn such things. I don’t know what a duchess should or should not do. I want to learn.”

Lucia had emptied herself of greed from the beginning. No matter how insignificant her greed may appear to be in the beginning, with time that greed would only grow larger. There was no guarantee that she would be showered with wealth the rest of her life just because she was a duchess. As for anything related to money, she didn’t wish for a cent more than what she already had. Additionally, she didn’t have a single interest with political power.

“A teacher …”

He paused while stroking his chin lost in thought for a moment. This was an unexpected request, one that he should have realized and done for her in the beginning. There were no adults in the Taran family who could become her mentor. Additionally, she never had relatives to guild her as a child either. Of course she could not learn.

“I’ll look into it for you.”

“Thank you.”

A bright smile spread upon Lucia’s face. While watching her smile, his own lips unconsciously quirked up. Her smile were always so pure like a child’s. She wasn’t smiling to seduce him, but whenever he saw her smile his lower half would throb with heat. It was the same at this moment.

He tried his best to distract himself with other government related topics,. but he drew a blank in his mind while attempting to refocus. He remembered all the documents in his personal office waiting for him and was finally able to calm down a little. These days, he felt like a wild animal unable to restrain their natural instincts.

He waited for her to continue speaking but only found silence, so he spoke first.

“And?”

“Huh?”

“Anything else?”

Lucia’s eyes grew round, paused for a moment and responded with a negative. He narrowed his eyes slightly while observing her. ‘Was she stupid? Doesn’t she have any greed? Maybe she is just trying to be sly?’

Thus, Hugo could not believe that Lucia truly didn’t wish for anything. Whether the other party was a male or female, many took a step back to advance another three steps.

She looked innocent now, but in a few moments she would be cuddled next to him while chattering her wishes into his ears. Whether it would be related to his powers or money, it was always the case. Up until now, there was nobody he knew who didn’t harbor such intentions.

“Is it very tiresome to renovate the garden?”

“I’m not sure because I haven’t started yet. I won’t be personally planting all the flowers so … it probably won’t be too bad.”

“The garden. Must you renovate it?”

“I thought you didn’t care about the garden.”

“I don’t care about the garden, I’m worried about you. Don’t waste your energy on it. If you have so much energy then you should use it on me.”

As his arms wrapped around her hips, Lucia’s looked down shyly with flushed cheeks.

“… How do you expect me to expend more energy than now? I feel so embarrassed sleeping into the afternoon everyday.”

“What are you embarrassed about? You should be proud.”

“… Why should I be proud?”

“You should be proud of your husband’s stamina -”

Lucia clamped his mouth shut with her hand and glared as her cheeks gradually glowed redder. He retaliated by licking the palm of her hand, causing her to immediately pull back. However, he caught her hand before she could escape and playfully licked her fingers. His tender kisses caused a strange sensation to climb up her shoulders making Lucia shudder.

Incredibly embarrassed, Lucia used all her strength to wiggle out of his grasp, but she couldn’t budge an inch. As if he had the sweetest lollipop in his hand, he lovingly kissed and licked Lucia’s fingers.

Lucia became breathless watching him take in her fingers into his mouth. Hugo’s red eyes were locked onto Lucia as he observed her every reaction. Lucia felt an electric shock and squirmed while slightly biting her lips.

“Hugh … stop …”

It was embarrassing that she had such sensitive fingers that caused her body to react this way. As soon as Lucia felt the grip around her hand loosen, she pulled away. She tried to escape from him and turned her body, but he was faster. He wrapped his arm around her hips and pulled her into a hug.

Lucia laid her head against his chest as he embraced her. His hand that was on her hips slid up under her gown onto her bare back. Her skin tingled as his fingers traced her back while his other hand squeezed her breasts. He caressed her without holding back causing her to feel embarrassed.

She looked up and met his red eyes. Though his eyes were scarlet, they reflected an icy coldness. He could easily read Lucia and catch her embarrassment and nervousness just by observing her eyes. On the other hand, he didn’t feel shy in displaying his desires of her. She felt suffocated being under his gaze so she could never hold his gaze for long.

As soon as Lucia lowered her gaze to avoid him, Hugo gripped her breast a little harder. Her body reacted with a bit of a shock.

She was different from all the women he had been with all this time. It had been very boring. They had screamed as if they had been dying, move their hips in a technical way while flirtatiously giggling. Compared to all his past women, she was reacted half heartedly and in a dull manner.

However, it’s not to say that it’s a wrong way to behave at all. Every women in this world doesn’t need to have the best technical skills. If it were to be true, that would be strange. It was strange how much his body burned like an adolescent boy who had just awoken to their sexual desires. He thirsted for her body so bad.

He continued to massage her soft breast, then after awhile he slid the same hand down to her hips, then massaged the part by her inner legs. Her body trembled slightly in his hold. The tips of his fingers glistened with a slippery substance.

He smugly chuckled. This was what drove him crazy. He only massaged her body slightly but she was already this wet.

The slippery substance that is formed by the woman’s body is one of the most important aspects to sex between a man and a woman. All this time that Hugo held Lucia, he had never needed to use extra aphrodisiacs. Her insides were moist like a flowing stream. This smooth feeling could not be compared to when he he needed the aid of extra lubricants.

Upon a kiss, her eyes would become blurred. Just a simple touch and her body would tremble. This past month, her body had become slightly accustomed to him but there were no drastic overall changes. She remained shy like her first time, yet her body reacted hungrily like she thirsted for the body of a man. His member was now several degrees larger and throbbing, he furrowed his brows while holding himself back. He was at his limit.

He lifted her body upright while positioning his leg beneath her buttocks while letting her body float in the air just above where he could thrust up into her. He watched her eyes grow round and penetrated into her weak body just like that.

“Hk!”

He didn’t need to work hard for her insides to swallow his member. He liked to kiss and fondle her body before forcing himself into her, but from time to time he liked to thrust himself in without warning – like today as well. Lucia’s breath became faster from his sudden attack. He didn’t give her time to adjust and began pounding into her.

“Hk! Ah! Ahh! Hh!”

He pounded hard, then lightly. His firm member thrusted into her. The strength behind his pounding caused her body to shake like a weak doll while her voice squeaked out constantly. Whenever he thrusted into the deepest parts of her body a painful yet refreshing feeling dominated her body.

Although her vision blurred, she could see his muscles spasm from stimulation and her chest felt hot. At this moment, she thought how beautiful a man’s body was and that it really couldn’t compare to any woman’s body.

Her pumpkin colored eyes grew hazy as if she was drunk. He gazed upon Lucia who was drunk off sexual euphoria, admiring her. He felt his member throb with heat causing it to grow a degree larger, while her insides squeezed him harder than before.

He licked his drying lips and continued to thrust into her erotic body. Her body was the finest. He couldn’t express his true feelings into words. Her insides always threw his sanity off the window.

He let her sit on top of him while he squeezed her buttocks with his hands and pounded into her without holding back. The sound of flesh slapping against one another could be heard while her body continued to shake up and down. He bit onto her breasts that were bouncing up and down, hitting her sensitive nipples and leaving her to mewl while her neck tilted backwards.

He slid his hand up to support her back which was drenched with sweat. Lucia wrapped her arms around his neck and let him pound his engorged member into her as much as he wanted while she tried her best to to regulate her erratic breathing. Whenever he thrusted up from below she felt a hot sensation fill her body.

He untangled her arms from his neck and lifted her from below to flip her body around. She was positioned to sit on his lap while her back leaned against his chest. He was able to thrust up with much ease and power while Lucia yelped and gasped much louder.

“Hk! Uk! Ah! Hugh! Un!”

When Lucia let his name slip from her lips, he bit her ear lobe and started to suck on them.

“More. Cry harder.”

“Hk … ung!”

He gripped onto her breast while supporting her back with his chest and bit down on her neck. She screamed from the pain and sensual pleasure. His tongue smoothly licked on the sore spot of her neck. She felt her body float up for a moment and soon she was laid flat on the bed while her butt was positioned upright in the air. Without any warning, he thrusted into her.

“Ah!”

He pummeled into her from behind with vigor. Whenever their sweaty skin made contact it reverberated with a lewd wet sound. Lucia gripped onto the bed sheets and tightly closed her eyes feeling her insides sing every time he thrusted into her. Her head, which rested sideways, rubbed against the sheets as he pounded into her.

“Uk … Hugh … aau …”

Whenever she called his name, rather than his lower half, it felt like his heart was being squeezed to death. The painful pleasure overtook his body and he closed his eyes. He held onto her arm to steady her body while he continued to thrust inside of her.

The thrusting motion from behind hit deeper. It was straining for her because he didn’t give her a moment to rest. Regardless of her fatigue, her body continued to burn with pleasure.

“Hk!”

Pleasure flooded into her. A strong wave of orgasmic pleasure spasmed across her whole body while her insides squeezed and sucked in his thrusting member. He momentarily paused his movement, letting her breathe. But he didn’t assume anything.

He pulled out his member and flipped her limp body around so that she could lay on her back. His body rode on top of Lucia’s and entered into her at once.

“Uuk!!”

Her insides had become very sensitive and her body spasmed. He smashed her lips against hers. He massaged the inside of her mouth while tangling together with her tongue. The short but deep kiss ended and he moved his hips in a circular motion, prodding into various places while Lucia’s body gladly slurped in his member with great joy.

“Haa … hha …”

Hugo brushed back the hair that was stuck on her sweaty forehead. He licked her flushed cheeks tasting the slightly salty and sweet taste of her body.

As if he was slowly paddling a boat, he spun his hips with steady breaths. Lucia’s lips were swollen red and parted slightly, he took this chance to kiss her. It seems all these past few months of teaching did not go to waste as she took the initiative to tightly wrap her legs around his hips while she moved her own hips along with his movements.

Different than before, he moved in the slowest possible way. Her insides had become hypersensitive and the slightest movements caused her body to throb. Lucia’s breath grew raspy as she gazed toward him.

His eyes were slightly warped in meeting her gaze. He grasped her swelling breasts while squeezing her nipples. He enjoyed making Lucia’s body jerk and tremble.

“Do you find this place comfortable?”

“… Huh?”

“This place. Have you gotten comfortable yet?”

“Yes.”

He would ask her questions occasionally so as to hear her voice from time to time. It wasn’t that she feared him or felt distrust towards him but, she never took the initiative to come closer to him. This part was starting to bother him a little.

“It will be troublesome if you get too comfortable. When we finish all the jobs of the dukedom we have to return to the capital.”

The capital.

It awoke Lucia from her sensual haze. Her body that was burning up chilled down at once.

Next year, the emperor will die and the crown prince will accede onto the throne. The Crown Prince and the Duke of Taran had maintained close ties. It was a strong partnership rather than one of loyalty and subordination.

When the Crown Prince accedes, the Duke of Taran must obey all commands. That would be the end of the regular peaceful days.

She assumed she would meet the Duke of Taran’s original wife by then as well. It had been known that the Duke of Taran had a contractual marriage, but he had never personally confirmed the rumors.

It could be that Lucia had misunderstood and all the rumors were false. Maybe the two people were deeply in love. Lucia always kept in mind that she was in debt to them. She dreaded that she might have forced a precious love apart.

A strong force took hold of her chin, breaking her away from her thoughts. He watched her with a dissatisfied expression. He thrusted up smoothly making her lose her breath. He gazed deeply toward Lucia while propping both her legs on top of his shoulders.

“You have the leisure to think of other things right now?”

Hugo growled in a low voice and began thrusting his hips. He wondered what she could be thinking to look so sad, he felt irritated by the idea that it was probably something unrelated to himself. However, he didn’t understand why this made him feel irritated nor did he try to understand the reason.

***

A few days later, Hugo spoke while they were eating dinner.

“Tomorrow, the Countess of Corzan will be visiting.”

Lucia was thrown back by the sudden announcement.

“Do you have anything planned for tomorrow?”

The nature of someone who sets up plans and then asks if you’re free was irritating, but anyway Lucia’s day to day had become repetitive so she nodded without complaint.

“Should I prepare anything for our guest?”

She had paused for a moment waiting for more details on tomorrow’s event, but he didn’t look like he would explain further so Lucia took the initiative to ask.

“She is the mentor you requested for before. Whether you treat her as a guest or not is up to you.”

“… Yes.”

He was such an unfriendly man. His expression was stoic and his words short. He never said much in the first place, nor does he go out of his way to explain any of his words and reasonings. Still, it was interesting how he would patiently answer every question she asked him.

‘I should ask Jerome of the details later.’

Jerome should have information on the Countess of Corzan. Jerome didn’t easily reveal information, but he shared short snippets and episodes of the duke. Lucia inquired of Hugo’s past before in passing conversations and eventually she collected enough information to understand Hugo’s nature.

Her findings — he treated all his subordinates in an equally unfriendly manner. Don’t even start, he hates such a thing as explaining himself.

‘He’ll be irritated if I continue to pester him with questions on this matter.’

She drastically reduced her words around him while bottling her own criticisms inside her heart. Hugo snuck a glance toward Lucia who was drinking her tea calmly without a single expression of uneasiness.

It would be okay if it was just a slight degree more, but he wished her small lips would utter more words. She had chattered quite a bit their first night together, but after he asked her to be quiet and sleep that side of her completely disappeared.

“… Countess of Corzan is the current Earl of Corzan’s mother. To be exact, she is the Dowager Countess.”

He wished to continue talking so he had no choice but proactively break the ice once again. He began to speak.

“Her title, the Countess of Corzan is an honorary title. The countess is considered the god mother of the high society nobles. At a young age, she lost her husband. Even so, she did not re-marry and continued to protect the Corzan family’s earldom by raising her children by herself.”

“Ah … what an amazing person.”

“Many noble families wish for their children to learn the ways of nobility.”

“Is it okay to request for such an amazing person so suddenly like this? She should already have her hands full …”

“There should be no higher honor than being a vassal that obtained the position of a teacher under a ducal household.”

The Earl of Corzan was the Duke’s subordinate, but that didn’t make the Earl’s mother his direct subordinate. Yet, Hugo spoke of this in an arrogant manner, leaving her speechless. She continued to watch him and wondered how she was able to meet such an outrageous man. Gradually, her feelings swelled to one of pride.

‘It couldn’t be … he shouldn’t be such a childish person …’

Lucia had been defining him as a perfect adult. Whenever he threw a joke or crept by her side to touch her, she passed it off thinking it was because he was a player.

“I see. Thank you. This was only possible because I am the Duke’s wife.”

“You’re thankful only with your words?”

“… I beg your pardon?”

Hugo waved his hand, Jerome quickly took notice and hurried to leave together with all the maids and footmen.

As soon as the two were able to be alone in the dining hall, he stood up from his seat and approached Lucia who looked to be confused and in shock. He trapped Lucia’s movements by placing his hands on the arms of the chair Lucia was seated in and drew closer to her.

“The Countess of Corzan is not easily moved, whether you fly or dance she is a picky one. She is very particular. Whether you try to get involved with her son for three months or ten days, she will not blink once.”

“Then how did you convince her?”

“There’s no need to know the details, I just put in that much effort for you.”

What did he want her to do? From time to time, she couldn’t read his mind at all. Did he wanted to be praised, ‘You’re amazing!’ ? Does she need to be honored while feeling grateful?

Lucia hesitated for a moment, then she slightly raised her body and lightly pressed her lips onto his. Her answer was nearly correct, but not quite. He stared at Lucia as if he was boring a hole into her forehead, then the corner of his lips quirked up.

“Just this?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 16
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia ch 16 The Ducal Couple (4)

translated by: iseuli

edited by: lili; my friend Ms. Anonymous; and Mr. Anonymous who tried his best but gave up.

He grasped Lucia’s chin and intimately kissed her lips. Her lips parted slightly as he slid his warm tongue in. Their breath grew hectic as their kiss deepened. His technique was mind-numbing.

Lucia’s vision blurred from the rising heat inside her. She closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around Hugo as their intense kissing went on. While seated, he hoisted Lucia up onto the table with ease, all while continuing to kiss her.

Within the quiet dining room, the only thing that could be heard was the sound of their lips and breaths. He swallowed her plum like lips while taking over the inside of her mouth. His kiss caused a stir throughout her whole body. Her weak arms that held onto his shoulders trembled.

After their enduring kiss ended, he lightly pecked her swollen lips. He trailed his pecks down to her neck while firmly taking hold of her breast beneath her clothes. He took this opportunity to separate her legs apart with his knee, but that caused Lucia great shock and she pushed him away with all her strength using both hands.

“You’re planning to do it he- here?”

He didn’t have such plans, but when Hugo saw how flustered she was, he wanted to continue teasing her.

“I can’t?”

“No!”

“Why not? If your reasoning is logical, I’ll let you go.”

“It’s not proper to do these sorts of things in a place where we di- dine!”

He momentarily stopped painting his kisses across her neck and laughed.

“How about somewhere else then? How does the hallway sound?”

“Never!”

“How about the garden? I want to try doing it outside.”

“Are you crazy?”

Upon a new found reaction from her, he tried his best to muffle his laughter and casually continued to question her.

“Why not?”

“People will see!”

“Will it be fine as long as nobody can see? Why don’t I send everyone in this castle out, then it will be fine to do it outside or in the hallway, right?”

“Uue...”

Her face was flushed red as she bit her lips. If nobody was there? It shouldn’t matter then. It wasn’t like it was her first time and she had done all sorts of things in the bedroom. What would it matter if the location was different?

She learned thoroughly in the past month that there were countless different ways of being intimate with one another. At first, she wanted to die because she felt so embarrassed, but she could now understand why people strove for sex with such passion. It didn’t mean that she was willing to roll in bed with any stranger, but they were a married couple. Whatever they did in their own time in the bedroom shouldn’t matter to anybody.

Hugo waited expectantly for her shocked expression. But when she actually seriously thought over the matter, it felt like she had punched him in the face.

She would always stir him in strange ways; no matter how much he tried to endure she would tickle his raging heat in unique ways. He wanted to throw aside his responsibilities and shut himself in alone with her and satisfy this sexual hunger to his heart’s desire.

The main problem was that her stamina could not hold a candle to his. Why was this woman so small? Why was she so frail? Why was she so weak? It felt like she would break if he tried to hold her any tighter. He would feel disgusted at himself if he actually hurt her.

She learned fast but she was innocent. He pleasured her with his various bedside skills, not once did she express dislike or disdain towards him. She was sometimes shocked or embarrassed, but she worked hard in her own way.

‘Good. Let’s try some things later tonight.’

As he fantasized about different things he could feel his lower half heating up and becoming firm.

“Anyway... I don’t want to do it here....”

The lady had spoken so it can’t be helped. He lightly kissed her lip and helped her to come down from the table. His lower half was screaming to be released but he endured. Time to time, he would be amazed at his own patience.

If it were any other of his past woman, he would not heed their opinions and take them right there. All those woman would reject him with their lips, but in truth they thought so otherwise.

He didn’t rape women, but at the same time he never took any of the past women’s opinions seriously. All the women only cared for his wealth or bodily pleasures.

At this moment however, Hugo was getting to know Lucia. When she said no, she truly meant it. What she hoped for was not simple bodily pleasures. He wished to respect her wishes.

Would his wife understand all of his deep thoughts? From the look of her innocent smile while coming down from the table, she probably had no idea.

“You’re going to take a walk today, right?”

Lucia made sure to take light walks after dinner. He decided to momentarily delay his piling responsibilities. He wished to be with her a little longer. He also needed to cool his heating body.

“Yes.”

“Let’s go together. Would I be intruding?”

“No, of course not! I would love it.”

Lucia rejoiced, responding instantly. It would be the first time walking with him. She brightly smiled without hiding any of her joy, he coughed lightly and slightly looked away. He had no idea she would become so happy.

***

The summer had yet to arrive so the evening had a cool gentle breeze. While Lucia walked alongside him, she snuck glances at him. He slowed down his pace to hers and it made her heart thump.

She couldn’t work up her courage to ask him to walk with her all this time, but she had wanted to do this for quite awhile. It was as if they were a real couple instead of a couple who was brought together through a contract.

“I’m planning to plant flowers through the garden this year. It’s my first time doing anything like this so it will probably look a little tacky.”

“Would it look tacky if we planted just flowers?”

“Of course. Properly designing a nice garden requires profound sense. A proper balance is necessary for a beautiful garden. It’s very difficult to recruit a talented gardener or designer. Most have already been hired by different families.”

“All I need to do is steal them.”

“That’s not so easy. Do you think if a different noble family offered Jerome a higher wage, he would gladly go over?”

“...fair enough.”

Lucia felt high spirited so she ended up chattering more than normal. He enjoyed listening to her voice and also felt quite happy. It wouldn’t be such a bad idea to walk together with her like this at times when he wasn’t so busy with work.

“It’s dark now so you can’t tell, but a nice shade casts down there so I enjoy my tea there every morning. I heard that the tree had been planted when this castle was built and it’s over a hundred years old.”

“Is that so...?”

Hugo admired the grand tree like it was the first time he saw it. He had grown up in this place but it was the first time he heard of it. There was never a moment that this tree required his attention.

“What a nice tree. Our first time should be over there.”

“Say again?”

“I’ve decided our first time in this garden would be below that tree.”

“....”

Her jaws dropped open, it was too dark to see but her face is most probably flushed red. Her pale complexion was unique that it glowed red very easily. She sped up her walking pace to walk to escape him, this made his lips curl up. He held her wrist and led her under the tree that she spoke of just now.

While she fumbled along, he leaned her against the tree and drew close to her. He lightly nipped her earlobe and spoke in a hushed low voice.

“If you don’t stay still, I’ll really do it.”

He felt happy when she let him do as he pleased. Lucia could only escape after he kissed her to the point that all her breath was sucked out of her.

***

He could not serve the Ducal couple through the whole dinner so Jerome had stepped out of the dining room early on. That moment, a maid approached him.

“Sir Fabian is here. I’m not sure when His Grace would head to his office so I asked him to wait in the receiving room.”

“You’ve done well.”

He received the waiting Fabian with a light hug. Fabian had just come down from the capital. The Duke had overdone his hunting so he was left the job to sweet talk the Emperor with a grand bribe.

Would the Emperor feel pity for his people? Fabian could bet his neck that it would not be the case. It was a bet with his own self, but the bribe had been really extravagant. Fabian never bet his own neck on something that was not definite.

“Ugh, I’m exhausted. I want to hurry and report to His Grace so I can go to sleep. Has he finished dining?”

Fabian was not simply complaining, his face was riddled with dark circles and exhaustion.

“I shall report for you so you can just go to sleep. I’m not sure when His Grace will come down.”

“Why? Hasn’t he come down yet after seeing that I’m here?”

“The two of them are together at this moment so their conversations will probably take awhile.”

“The two of them? Who?”

Jerome tsked hearing his dull-headed brother’s words.

“Who else but Her Grace?”

“Her Grace? He had dinner with madam? Hoo. What’s this now?”

“His Grace have dinner with madam almost every night.”

“...”

Usually all you could see is bright intelligence from Fabian, but at this moment he looked nothing but dumb.

“Really?”

“Really.”

“Since when?”

“Ever since His Grace had returned here.”

Fabian continued to ask whether this was real and Jerome continued to patiently answer that it was so. It wasn’t so surprising to see Fabian’s reaction. If Jerome had not seen with his own eyes, he would also have a hard time believing this.

“When did His Grace’s taste..... No, this isn’t a matter of taste. From your words, it’s not ‘just’ dinner that they share together every night.”

“Let’s stop here.”

“Wow. So it’s really true. For real. Oh my god. I can’t believe this. He had not shared the same bed more than thrice with one women, kek...”

Fabian felt a sharp pain all of a sudden on his stomach and bent over hugging his stomach. Jerome who had flew a punch at his brother gritted his teeth and spoke in a low voice.

“Shut your mouth. There are many ears here. What is this about thrice? How dare you spout such nonsense.”

“I’m speaking figuratively. I’m just exaggerating to express what a gre~at man he is. His life is every man’s romance.”

“Oh? Let me deliver your exact words to Alice.”

Once his wife’s name was mentioned, Fabian’s face paled.

“N..no. That’s not what I mean, that’s what others tell me. Don’t tell Alice strange things. While we’re on this topic, how dare you speak of your elder brother wife’s name directly?”

“Elder brother wife’s name? Don’t you mean sister-in-law?”

“You only become an adult after marriage. Therefore I’m your elder brother.”

They would fight over this whenever they met because the two were twin brothers.

“Hmm... I see. How ironic.”

Ever since the Duke took the position at 18, the two served as aids by his side so they knew every woman of the duke. The Duke never had to seduce women because the women endlessly chased after him for his power and wealth.

Though there were countless women, no female could capture the Duke’s heart. To the Duke, women were nothing but bedside partners. He would enjoy the women as he pleased, when they became clingy or annoying he threw them away without hesitation. Of course it was the two brother’s job to take care of the women who could not throw away their lingering attachments for the young duke.

“Nothing is set in stone yet. That woman also lasted over a year easily. He might just be enjoying the honeymoon phase of this. It’s most likely the case. Huuaaa. I need to sleep now. Please report that I will be here to meet him tomorrow morning.”

This time, it was different. Jerome didn’t go out of his way to explain. Time would explain everything.

The duke maintained a relationship with Countess for over a year, but the duke wasn’t meeting with just her through all that time. The duke had never focused on one female every single day like this.

***

The next day, Countess Corzan visited the estate. She was an elder lady with snowy white hair who was just a little taller and slimmer than Lucia. She was known as a beauty in her youth and had aged with beautiful grace.

“I greet Her Grace the Duchess. My name is Michelle.”

“It’s an honor to meet you, Madam Michelle. I hope I haven’t caused you too much trouble with this sudden request for your presence.”

Michelle’s eyebrows rose in surprise and then slightly furrowed. Honestly, Michelle’s mood hasn’t been the best since this request. Formally, they had inquired whether she could become a mentor for the Duke’s wife. However underneath at face value, this was not a request but the Duke’s one-sided command.

Michelle took much pride in her honor. The force to move her wasn’t power or riches. Even so, there was no way she could ignore the Duke’s orders because of her own selfish wishes.

Another problem was that her son was the duke’s vassal. She was the Taran Duke’s senior in age; she couldn’t generously gloss over this event by simply laughing it over. There were no benefits would she have stubbornly rejected his request purely to protect her pride so she decided to comply without complaint. But, this did not erase the fact that her pride had been badly trampled on. Strangely though, being welcomed in such a polite fashion by the duchess had erased all her frustrations that had remained in her heart.

“It’s my honor that I’ll be able to offer my wisdom to Your Grace.”

“I’m so grateful for your words. I’m afraid I have many shortcomings so I worry that I will be troubling you very much. Please, this way.”

They took their seats in the receiving room while the maids swiftly prepared tea. Lucia admired Michelle who was drinking her tea. It was the first time she knew anyone could look so graceful drinking tea. Each movement of her body had a purpose and grace.

“I haven’t properly learned much of anything. I felt I wasn’t educated enough to shoulder the responsibilities of a Duchess. Thus, I requested for His Grace’s opinions and he mentioned you, Madam Michelle. Hence I formally requested for you. I’ve heard that you have many responsibilities and I apologize if I’m troubling you too much with this. Ah, please tell me if my words or behavior are out of line.”

Michelle’s jaw which had been clamped tight while she gritted her teeth was now replaced by a soft smile.

“The essence of etiquette is your consideration for others. One should learn to approach others with honesty. In order to do so one must learn how to convey these feelings, this is the principles of etiquette. Your Grace, you already have these two qualities I have nothing more to teach you.”

“You speak too highly of me.”

Lucia’s face flushed red. Michelle gazed upon the young pretty girl before her and let out a delighted laughter. She heard that the duchess had been a princess and assumed the duchess to be haughty and arrogant. She assumed the other try to take the initiative to gain the upper hand by informing the other of the importance of a person’s rank.

Michelle had never thought the Duke of Taran to be anyone amazing. She didn’t wish her children or grandchildren to see the duke as their role model at all. A competent person does not equate to a great person.

The duke was arrogant, domineering, and thought little of human relations. But, she had to admit that he had a good eye for discovering talent in others. He also had a good eye for woman.

‘The Duke seemed to have found a very wonderful wife.’

She had met with thousands of people by now and she could quickly judge a person with a quick glance. The duchess was an innocent and kind hearted person.

Many whispered that the duke would marry a femme fatale but they didn’t know what they were talking about. The duke was a cold hearted man who didn’t move unless he could gain something in the end. When she heard of his marriage, she already assumed he would have chosen a woman who would not be of too much bother.

Michelle knew that this might be overstepping her rank, but she planned to relay one message to the duke.

‘Please give your love to Her Grace. If it’s not possible to love her with a passion, at least do not cast her aside and throw her away. If the lady of the house is not comfortable, the whole family will shake.’

A wife who doesn’t have a husband’s love will feel restless, in order for her to maintain her power she will form many dangerous thorns to protect herself. With the lady of the house behaving in this way, the whole household will not have a moment of peace. A man who doesn’t feel peaceful in his own home will remain outside and this vicious cycle will never end.

Michelle hoped her predictions would be very wrong. The Duchess did not display any anxiety or depression. She looked like a female who was well loved by her husband.

“Had it been two months since you’ve married?”

“Yes.”

“Then it should be about time when you start participating in activities outside of the castle. A good starting point is to hold some tea parties.”

“How big should the scale of these parties be?”

“This is only the first tea party so a small one should suffice. It should be ten people or less with the attendance of the wives of the duke’s vassals. The head butler should know who to invite. The duke’s butler is very competent.”

Lucia nodded her head. Jerome is definitely a capable person.

“I still feel I’m not competent enough to meet too many people. Is it required that I hold a grand ball?”

“Just because you’re the Duke’s wife does not mean you have to become the center power of the high society. To start off with, one must have a good aptitude with these social parties. However, it’s not proper that you don’t attend any of these parties. Just make an appearance every now and then and it should be enough. Why don’t you hold female-only tea parties or garden parties about twice a month? You could regularly invite about 10 people and time to time you can increase the attendees to 30.”

Countess Corzan’s lessons were generally through basic conversations. Their conversation continued for two hours, through these lessons Lucia was able to learn interesting and important truths. Lucia honestly admired the Countess who talked eloquently without letting the listener feel fatigued.

At the same time, Michelle’s heart was also moved by the other. She was surprised by Lucia gentle nature that didn’t contain an ounce of hate.

“Your Grace, shall I introduce you to my niece? She would be a nice conversation companion. Her conduct may not be the most graceful, but she is a straight forward bright girl. This child will be helpful to brighten up the slower days when things get boring.”

“I would be grateful.”

Lucia spoke with a smile, but Michelle was able to notice her brief hesitation.

“It seems I have suggested something that would make Your Grace feel uncomfortable.”

“... Honestly, I do not wish for a friend whose job is to cheer me up like his.”

“Hohoho, Your Grace is so straight forward. Kate is, ah, my niece’s name is Kate. If she had such skills to read your mood and cheer you up accordingly, I wouldn’t have anything more to wish for. But she causes too much trouble.”

“Trouble?”

“Not too long ago, her friend’s fiancé cheated and she publicly humiliated him for being so deceitful. Oh my word, she dug a hole and filled it with horse manure and pushed him into it.”

“Oh my gosh!”

“Whenever someone says her name, my heart freezes in fear because I’m afraid they would tell me more horrible news.”

“But still, it seems you love your niece very much.”

Michelle showed a beaming smile. Her eyes were filled with love and affection as she spoke of Kate.

“She sounds like a charming young lady. It would be nice to meet her sometime in the future.”

“She would become a great consultant for Your Grace. Her hobby is to listening to stories of her female peers who are in pain due to love.”

“I’m already married.”

“Marriage is not the end, but only the beginning. How long had you dated His Grace before you married?”

“Date..?”

Thinking back, there hadn’t been a time when they could really date at all. On their first meeting, she had asked for his hand in marriage. On their second meeting, they already agreed on a contract and were finalizing the deal. On their third meeting, she had been caught doing laundry and was scolded by him. Then, they had signed their official marriage documents.

“Um... I met with His Grace about three times.”

The tea cup in Michelle’s hand momentarily paused and slowly she let it down onto the table.

“Would it be okay to tell you the general public opinion of His Grace? It may be a bit risky to share this information because it may be slandering. It’s just I feel it’s a shame that you had agreed to the marriage before seriously getting to know His Grace.”

“Please tell me. I shall not keep your words in my heart, I promise.”

“Would it be alright to hear Your Grace’s thoughts of His Grace?”

“Honest...ly?”

“Yes. Honestly.”

“Um... It’s not that he is... unpredictable but, he does as he pleases. He’s very clear on what he wants and doesn’t want. Once he turns his back, he will not look back. He is indifferent and cold hearted.”

“It seems I spoke too soon. You know of His Grace very well.”

Outwardly, there could be no better man than the Duke of Taran. He’s the handsome and young ruler of every woman’s fantasies. The Duke had been away from the northern territories and the attention towards him had decreased, but back then his popularity had peaked to the heavens. This had been before the duke had succeeded his current position.

All the unmarried noble ladies of the northern territories had thrown their bodies at him hoping to seduced the young future duke. They all mistook that he would fall for them over a single night of hot passion. It had been quick for these ladies to wake up from their fantasies. Either the girl would quit due to too much heartache or their affection would grow to true love and he would cast the girl aside without a second thought.

Amongst the many young ladies Michelle mentored, she had seen many shed tears due to love sickness. Due to this, even though Michelle had not once talked to the Duke in person, Michelle understood the histories of his many flings and cold hearted nature.

It had been over two months since they had married. It would have been the time when the female party would still be holding onto false hopes and fantasies. Surprisingly, the Duchess understood the Duke’s true personally very well. This was evidenced that the duchess was not head over heels for her husband. Michelle felt surprised and cheerful for it.

“You are amazing. Your Grace had not lost hold of yourself. Being a female is sometimes such a sad thing. Many give their hearts away and overly depend on the other party. Once the other party disappears, it becomes unbearable to even stand alone and sometimes they would fall apart.”

Lucia awkwardly laughed and nodded her head. She had been complimented but she didn’t feel very good about it. The reason Lucia was able to keep a hold of herself was because she had given everything up all from the beginning.

“Even so, it is not a good idea to distance yourself from your husband too much. It’s important to maintain a suitable distance.”

“A suitable distance....”

Lucia nodded her head.

“I shall ask you a rude question. About how many times would His Grace visit your bed chambers at night?”

“Huh? Ah....”

Lucia’s face became bright red.

“He visits... every night.”

Michelle’s eyes drew slightly wider but she continued on with an indifferent expression with a short ‘I see.’ This was a very interesting piece of information. The person who had fallen first was the Duke. If Michelle had been alone, she would have burst out laughing.

The duchess who had seemed innocent looked different somehow. Men usually lust for things they couldn’t obtain, it seems the Duchess maintains that perfect distance making the Duke burn in lust.

“How should I ... maintain the perfect distance?”

“I shall explain slowly.”

Michelle mumbled under her breath.

‘I have nothing more I could teach Your Grace.’

She could now easily see the future of the ducal couple, as time flows the duchess would continue to win more and more affection from the duke. This was only possible because Michelle had been the consultant for countless men and woman. There was just one mystery that Michelle could not solve.

‘How did this young lady make the duke fall for her so hard...?’

Of course it would be impossible for the Countess to guess that the duke would have fallen head over heels for his wife’s devilishly sexy body. Rather, it’s not simply a matter of falling head over heels, he had fallen so deep that it had gotten to the point that he could not be saved.

Following this day, Michelle decided to regularly visit Lucia. And Lucia had selected a date to open her first tea party on the following week.

***

“Your Grace.”

The maid was careful with her words all the while blushing ever so slightly.

“Is it possible for you... to be pregnant?”

“Pregnant?

Lucia furrowed her brows due to these nonsensical words.

“It had been over two months since your last menstruation. Why don’t we get a doctor’s diagnosis for this just to be safe?”

The most important part of a maid’s job was to overlook their master’s health. For the master to show irregular symptoms for over two months was serious and called for her own intervention.

It would have been discovered faster if a single particular maid attended to her. But every few days the maids tending to her would change in rotations. Everyone assumed that her days of menstruation had passed when another maid had served for her. They remained strict with their duty and discussed to one another of this topic and discovered that nobody had noticed of any signs of menstruation. All the maids felt all the blood in their body go cold.

The most reasonable answer to this would be that she was pregnant. Everyone in this castle was aware how passionate these two people were for one another.

“It is not so. It’s nothing like that so you don’t have to put your mind to this anymore.”

Lucia answered without an ounce of anger in her voice.

“But Your Grace, I highly recommend for your health that we call for a doctor...”

“I already said I was fine. I know my own body the best.”

“...Yes, Madam.”

The maid said no more, but she did not give up here. If her master was pregnant and something happens to the baby, she would not be let off with a simple light punishment. She was too anxious and went to Jerome to consult more on this topic.

“Your Grace. I’ve heard words from the maids and it seems there is a problem with your health.”

The moment Jerome spoke, an expression of great anger briefly passed Lucia’s face. She shortly made eye contact with the maid standing behind Jerome. Lucia was not glaring at all, but she felt great fear at this moment. This was the first time Jerome had seen this side of Lucia and treaded forward carefully.

“Your Grace, had the doctor ever caused discomfort to you in the past?”

“Not at all. Let me tell you again, I’m not pregnant and nothing is wrong with my body. His Grace is already aware of all this.”

Jerome fell silent and chose his words with caution.

“But Your Grace, if something is wrong with your health none of us would be able to take responsibility for the end results for his Grace. Would it be alright to re-confirm this fact with His Grace?”

On their first meeting, she already told him that she has a body unable to bear a child. He asked whether she could prove it and following this conversation he showed no interest in it at all. It would be a surprise if he would call her a liar after all this time while saying she could be pregnant.

“It’s not a lie. His Grace is aware of this fact. But I will tell him again.”

“How can I confirm that madam would tell this to His Grace?”

Jerome had always been very obedient and kind to Lucia all this time, but in the end he was no pushover himself. It was impossible for a person to perfectly look over the whole castle has a head butler by just being a good person.

“... I shall tell His Grace when you’re present Jerome. It should be fine like this, right?”

“Yes, Madam. I’m sorry for causing your discomfort.”

“You’re only doing your job as the head butler. But that child.”

Lucia’s eyes pinned down to the maid once more.

“You didn’t come consult this with me a second time and immediately went to the head butler. I do not wish for the people around me to surveil my life in this way. Send her out of the house after today.”

“...Yes. Madam.”

The maid’s face lost all color while she looked down to the ground, while Jerome bowed with a strict and honest expression. The maid had messed up her order of priorities. The maid had held the butler higher than her master. She was scared to hold any responsibility but she had acted too rashly.

He had thought Lucia was only kind and gentle, but she was very clear in her likes and dislikes that her personality even seemed a bit cold. It seems the two were a match made in heaven. He felt satisfied and pride seeing this side of his master, by now the butler had almost completely become her loyal dog.

-end-

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 17
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal Couple — > (5)

TN: All the thanks has been overwhelming! I’m glad you like it, I tried not to let down the author by translating to the best of my capability! Part 2 should not take too long. Like halfway but i gotta go do homework XD. If there are any mistakes, just comment and I’ll fix em~

“I have not learnt very much. There are many things I lack to fulfill my duties as the Duchess so I asked the Duke to tell me about you. After which, I asked him to ask you. I’ve heard you are a very busy person, but if there are any interruption in the schedule, I ask you to please understand. Ah, if my words or actions are not polite, please tell me.” [Lucia]

A smile appeared on Michelle’s tightly closed mouth.

“For manners, Madam doesn’t have more to learn. The essence of courtesy is consideration for the other party. To learn how to sincerely treat the other person, and learning how to express it, is manners. Madam already has those two things down, what else can I add?”

“You flatter me.”

Lucia’s face was tinged red. Michelle felt as though Lucia were her beautiful granddaughter and laughed heartily. She had thought that Lucia would be very arrogant since she was a princess.

She knew the duke was not really calling her for teaching but because Michelle was in a great position in the social circle, to let the Duchess get a head start.

Michelle had never thought of the Duke of Taran as a good person. She didn’t want her son or her grandchild having the Duke as a role model. A competent man but not a good person. The duke was arrogant, unyielding, and regarded interaction with people as trivial.

Still, she had to acknowledge his eyes for people was outstanding. But now she sees that his wife’s eyes were also impressive.

‘The Duke found a good wife’

Some thought that because of the Duke’s extravagant tastes in women in the past, he would marry a remarkable beauty but they didn’t know what they were saying. The Duke was a very cold man and would not move without benefit.

So for a wife, he probably thought to pick someone who was good at listening, hassle-free, and suited his level. Michelle thought that, one day when she gets to see the Duke, ignoring the consequences, she would definitely tell him.

‘Show affection to the Duchess’.

Even if it is not romantic love, at least, to not throw away his existing feelings. A woman who receives no affection would feel anxious about her place and becomes nervous (1). So with only their pride alive and they become full of thorns and increasingly picky.

Many people overlook the fact that if the mistress of the house is not comfortable, eventually the household will be shaken.

Michelle had to admit that her predictions were wrong. She had seen a lot of people and could tell at a glance what type of person they were. The Duchess was an innocent and clean person. She couldn’t see any anxiety or depression. It was the appearance of a woman who received plenty of affection.

“I believe you’ve been married for about two months.” [Countess]

“Yes.”

“Then, it is around the time to start activities outside. Starting with a light tea party would be good.”

“What size would be good?”

“Since it is the start, it is okay to start small. Invite around 10 people, mainly wives of Duke’s vassals. You can ask the head butler whom to invite. The Duke’s head butler is competent.”

Lucia nodded her head. Jerome was definitely competent.

“Actually, I have a lot of people to meet. Do I have to open something like a ball?” [Lucia]

“Just because you are the Duke’s wife does not mean you have to be a socialite. In fact, social activities and aptitude must match. You can’t not do it all, but it has to be done moderately. Around twice a month, throw a tea party or a garden party, inviting only women. It’s also good idea to sometimes increase the number from 10 to 30 people. ”

Countess Corzan’s way of teaching was to give good advice while conversing. In a conversation that spanned nearly two hours, Lucia learned what she did not know and got to understand interesting facts.

Lucia sincerely admired the Countess who spoke elegantly without getting boring and skillfully used the Chinese language. It was the same for Michelle whose heart was moved. The more they continued to talk, the more Michelle was attracted to Lucia’s mild and ill-will lacking personality (2).

It was pretty hard to find someone with such a character. Michelle was in a good mood because she had found a good friend, disregarding the age differences.

“If Madam needs someone to talk to, I would like to introduce you to my niece. Her conduct is not elegant, but her character is bright and not lavish. She will be a great help to the madam in finding enjoyment in your northern life. ” [Countess]

“I’m grateful but I am already adjusting well to my life here and I don’t need a friend who will be checking my mood.”

“Ho-ho. Madam is very honest. Kate is, ah, her name is Kate. Kate does not possess the courtesy to try and please her friends. If Kate does not like Madam, she will not become friends with you. ”

“I’m interested. I’m willing to meet her. She sounds like a charming lady. ”

“She is a person with many merits and demerits. When her friend’s fiancé cheated on her friend and deceived her, she did not hesitate to embarrass him. If someone tells me her name, my head hurts to know what incident she’s caused again. ”

“But you love your niece.” [Lucia]

Michelle smiled brightly. Her eyes were filled with affection for her niece.

“Because she’s a lovable child. But I am worried that there is no brave man that will marry her. Even though she hasn’t married, she attends to and counsels young girls who are in love. She can become a good counselor for the madam. ”

“But I’m already married.”

“Marriage is not the end, it is the beginning. Before marriage, had you been in a relationship for some time with his Grace?”

“Relationship...?”

When Lucia thought about it, there was no relationship reason for meeting with him. As soon as they met, she proposed. At the second meeting, they signed a contract. At the third meeting, she was doing laundry then she got caught and got told off on something similar. Then she signed the marriage certificate.

“Umm...before marriage, I met with his Grace, three times.”

Michelle’s hand that was holding the teacup paused for a moment and she put down the cup.

“Can you tell me how his Grace treats you in the house? Actually, for me to talk about this would be considerable risk. It might be taken as slander against your husband to you, the Hostess. But Madam seems to have married his Grace without knowing him very well, it’s a little sad.”

“Tell me please. I promise not to keep it in mind.” [Lucia] (3)

“Well, first of all, could Madam describe to me what kind of person his Grace, the duke is?”

“Honest...right?”

“Yes. Honestly.”

“Umm. He is... not fickle... but he acts as he pleases. Once he concludes and ends something. He turns his head and would never look back. He is an indifferent and cold person.”

“This. I said something pointless. Madam knows him very well.”

The Taran Duke’s outer shell alone was the best thing about him. His stunning looks and body were the manifestations of women’s fantasies.

In fact, there were no single northern girls who had actually seen the duke once and not fallen into a one sided love, even though the duke never hit on them.

Daring girls actually threw their bodies at the Duke. Usually, the duke responded to their temptation. Then, women fall into the illusion that he would soon fall for them. It didn’t take long for the illusion to break.

When the woman first gets hurt or falls for him and begins to want a little affection, the duke would throw them away with no hesitation. Many of the ladies Michelle had taught were so hurt and would cry in front of her.

Thanks to that, even though Michelle had never properly spoken to the Duke of Taran, she knew more than anyone else about the Duke’s bedroom matters.

Translator’s Corner:

(1). Her place as in her place as his wife. It literally said her ‘seat’ but I think place fit better.

(2). This sentence threw me off so much. It said she was “반했다” (banhaessda) which I thought translates to she was against it and I was like...whaa? So I went digging and found that it actually had TWO meanings. Learning new things everything. Also I was somewhat confusing it with “반대했다” (bandaehaessda) which is what means against. They sound too similar.

(3). I couldn’t make this flow well but basically, Lucia is telling the Duchess that she can speak her mind, and she wouldn’t take it to heart.

< — Ducal Couple — > (5)

TN: I think the raws I’m following are a bit different. There’s a division right at the start of ch 17 part 1 like this: < — 공작부부 — >

Which essentially means a new ducal couple part so... yea. Imma just follow it, sorry if the numbering throws you off. I did wonder why they weren’t as long. This must be why.

The Ducal couple had been married for about two months.

It was the time where one could not abandon dreams and expectations of a honeymoon. However, the Duchess seems to have accurately figured out his Grace. It was evidence that she had not completely fallen for her husband. Michelle was surprised and pleased about that.

“Excellent. your Grace is not forgetting about herself. A woman is a truly sad existence. When they give their hearts, they have the tendency to excessively depend on the recipient. When the person disappears, they cannot stand alone and collapse, abandoned.”

Lucia smiled awkwardly and nodded her head. She was being praised but did not feel happy about it. Lucia could not forget about herself because she had given up everything in the first place.

“But, you should not excessively keep your husband at a distance. Maintaining the right distance is very important.” [Countess]

“Maintaining the right distance...” [Lucia]

Lucia nodded her head.

“I’ll ask a rude question. How many times a week does his Grace visit your bedroom?”

“Yes? Ah...”

Lucia’s face went red. “He comes...everyday”

Michelle’s eyes grew slightly but assumed an air of indifference and replied, is that so. She had found out a very interesting fact. On the contrary, the one being left out was the Duke. If Michelle were alone, she would have burst out laughing. The Duchess who appeared innocent suddenly looked different.

Men always want what they cannot get and the Duchess was maintaining the perfect distance to make the Duke want more.

“Keeping the right distance... how do you do that?” [Lucia]

“I’ll tell you, little by little.”

Michelle murmured inwardly, ‘It doesn’t seems like there’s anything more to teach the Madam. ‘

It was obvious to her as more time passes between ducal couple, the emphasis in the relationship would gradually shift towards the Duchess. This was a speculation from Michelle who had consulted and personally watched over many men and women relationships.

But there was one mystery that Michelle could not solve.

‘Just what charm of this person shook the Duke?’ The Duchess, of course, had no way to know that the Duke had completely fallen for his wife’s body. It was to the extent that he couldn’t get it out of his mind.

Countess Corzan, afterwards, decided to visit them regularly. And, after about a week, Lucia decided to throw her first tea party.

“Mistress.” A maid with a flushed expression spoke carefully “By any chance...is it possible that you are pregnant?”

“Pregnant?”

Lucia knitted her brows at those ridiculous words.

“You have not had your period for more than two months. There is no way to know so how do you feel about having a checkup?” [Maid]

The most important work of the maidservants was looking after the health of their masters. It wasn’t until after two months had passed that they discovered something was seriously strange with their mistress’ body and needed to be looked into.

If a specific maid continuously attended to Lucia, then it would have been noticed faster. However, the maids took turns over several days to serve her and kept assuming a different maid had waited on Lucia when she had her period.

Even then, they naturally did not forget to perform their jobs and when they got together and conversed, they realized none of them had seen Lucia menstruating.

At that moment, all the maid were frightened. The first thing they were suspicious of was pregnancy. There was no one in Roam that didn’t know that the ducal couple’s relationship was passionate.

“No. It’s nothing like that so don’t worry about it.”

Lucia, with her eyes showing no excitement, replied coldly.

“But Mistress. Still, seeing a doctor...”

“It is nothing like that. I know my own body very well.” [Lucia]

“...Yes. Mistress.”

The maid withdrew but did not give up. If be any chance, the Mistress was pregnant and in that state, she was unaware and something went wrong with the baby, the maids would be firmly dealt with.

She could not stop being anxious and quickly went to inform Jerome.

“Mistress. I listened to the maids and there seems to be a problem with your health.”

The moment Jerome arrived and began to speak, annoyance lightly flitted across Lucia’s face then it passed. Her eyes stopped for a moment on the maid that was standing behind Jerome. It was not a menacing glare but the maid couldn’t help but shrink.

Somehow, since it was Jerome’s first time seeing the mistress like this, he became nervous and started cautiously.

“Mistress, has the doctor ever made you feel uncomfortable?”

“It’s not like that. I’ll say this again, I’m not pregnant nor do I have any health problems. This is something his Grace already knows.”

Jerome fell silent for a moment, considering what to say.

“But Mistress, if by any chance a problem is found with you, we will not be able to avoid responsibility for it. May I confirm again with his Grace about this fact?”

From the beginning, she had already said she couldn’t get pregnant. He had only asked if she could prove it and afterwards showed no interest. It would be too surprising if he were to say that she was lying all this time and the truth was she could become pregnant.

“My words are not lies however I will tell him again.”

“May I confirm afterwards that Mistress has told him?”

These days, Jerome had been pretty meek around Lucia, but he was never an easy person. If he was only a good person, there was no way he could be the head butler at such a young age.

“...I’ll inform him when you are there. Is that good enough?”

“Yes, Mistress. I’m sorry for making you uncomfortable.”

“You are just doing your job as the head butler. But that child.”

Lucia’s gaze once again fixed onto the maid.

“I was definitely clear on what I said yet you ran to the butler without asking me twice. I don’t want to have someone who is keeping tabs on my movement by my side. Please send her out today.”

“Yes...Mistress.”

The maid’s face went black and she dropped her head while Jerome bowed his head with an earnest expression. He had thought she was a simple and nice person, but she knew just when to start and when to end that she seems a bit cold.

It seemed like the two of them were matches made in heaven. The butler who felt satisfied and full just seeing this new part of master was one step closer to being master-lover.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 18
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal Couple — > (6)

TN: I don’t know if I’ve said this but I’m reading this novel as I translate. This part was just so interesting, I finished it! I don’t do audio books (and this is in Korean...), sadly, it just doesn’t work for me.

A few days passed by and Jerome continuously hung around Lucia.

“Your Grace, I don’t about other things but about whether you are pregnant or not, it’s be good to be sure.”

Eventually, Lucia agreed to receive treatment from Anna.

“It is not pregnancy.”

In contrast to Lucia who accept it naturally when Anna raised her head and said this, Jerome had a slightly disappointed expression. But before Lucia could raise her head and see this, he quickly hid it. He didn’t want to take the chance of let his disappointment hurt her.

“Did her Grace have any symptoms that made you suspect pregnancy?”

Since Anna was suddenly called to verify if Lucia was pregnant, she was a bit suspicious. If Lucia was truly suspected of pregnancy and Anna couldn’t verify it, she would be slightly worried about her ability as her primary doctor.

Jerome made a promise with Lucia. After they verified if it was pregnancy or not, he wouldn’t mention things about the state of her body and the task of informing the duke about the situation would be left to Lucia.

“No, Anna. Her Grace seemed more tired these days so...”

“In my opinion as a doctor, there’s a different reason as to why her Grace is tiring easily. A woman’s body is not steel. Head Butler, let me speak to his Grace once. Anytime is fine. Her Grace is already needing restorative medicine at such a young and energetic age. After I finish working, I take a break from work. This is just the same thing.”

Anna was only giving her opinions as a doctor, however the more she spoke, the stranger the mood became. Jerome stared at the air uncomfortably while Lucia looked down.

“Isn’t your Grace having a hard time? Please pass my words onto the Duke.”

It wasn’t like she was having a hard time but Lucia’s face was currently dyed red and she couldn’t say it. Especially not with the current mood in the room.

‘I like him coming to my room everyday’

She couldn’t say it at all.

“If it is hard for the head butler to say then, I can tell him myself” [Anna]

“Ah, no. I...will tell him. So...to what extent..?”

“Five days. And with a day of rest.”

“...Yes.”

Even though Anna could sense the embarrassment in the air, she remained brazen. If a doctor was talking about a patient’s condition and got embarrassed, they wouldn’t be able to treat them properly.

After they all left and Lucia was alone, she went to the bedroom, opened the big windows and went onto the balcony. A tender breeze gently passed by her.

Just for an instant, when Anna announced that she wasn’t pregnant, Jerome’s voice lost its energy.

Lucia felt a bit bad. In her dreams, she was 15 when she started menstruating. No one was around to teach her that those were the signs of becoming a woman. Usually, the inns taught those things but in the palace there were no inns and the palace maids did not care if it was not their business.

The orphan-like young princess, to the palace maids, was not a master that they had to serve but a burden they had to take care of. Whenever she had menstrual blood on the bed, the maids would have increasingly annoyed expressions as they changed the bed sheets.

After entering the palace, Lucia had lost almost all of her youthful cheerfulness. She became more timid and spoke fewer words. The young Lucia of that time did not learn how to call the people under her or act majestic and with dignity.

‘I might die soon’

The fact that she was continually losing blood from her body was horrifying to her. She became extremely obsessed with her fears.

‘I have to stop the blood. Then...medicine. I have to take medicine...’

Drug that stops bleeding. At that time, an herb accurately appeared in her mind. It was an herb called mugwort. Mugwort was a very common herb with three leaves. It could be seen growing here and there, and even in the palace it could be seen growing around.

When mugwort was boiled hard, dried, ground and then sprinkled onto the wound, it would have a hemostatic effect. It was an emergency medicine that the common people used for first aid when they could not find or afford a doctor. Its effect was incomparable to a doctor’s work but it sufficed.

Lucia had learnt first-hand that it had the ability to stop bleeding. In the past, she, with the village children had run around the neighborhood, digging up grass here and there. She had fallen and scrapped her knee and it was sprinkled on her injury. At that time she had thought it was fascinating the way the blood had stopped flowing after a while.

Hence, Lucia started taking the mugwort herb from the garden. She didn’t know how to make it for eating so she just ate it raw. She simply thought that because the blood was flowing from her body, it made sense to eat it.

Surprisingly, the effect was immediate. Her period did not come.

So, the next month when she bled again, she took it and in that way, continuously for half a year, after which she completely stopped bleeding. At the time, she had no idea what had happened to her. She didn’t even know the word infertility itself.

Later, while she was married to Count Martin, she found out the truth of her body.

‘Thank goodness.’

That was the first thought that came to her. The moment she learnt that was no chance of her giving birth to a child for the Count, she felt as though she had stopped walking towards the edge of a cliff and her heart felt completely at ease.

After the marriage with the count ended and Lucia became free again, she started to look at her body. Apart from her abnormal infertility, there was nothing wrong with her body.

But for a woman, she knew it was a fatal problem to have hence, she started to look for a cure. Every doctor that visited her shook their head. They all said that mugwort was poisonous herb that should have never been eaten.

“I’m not sure if the infertility is rooted...oh, you ate it? Just why would you do such a thing...”

Even then, usually, the doctors couldn’t understand Lucia’s symptoms. Therefore, she was rather amazed when she found out a new fact.

It was rare but there were competent doctors who had seen symptoms similar to Lucia’s before.

“I have seen a woman who stopped menstruating because she ate something unknown during menstruation, however this is the first time I have seen someone in a long term infertile state from eating something...but have you gotten married?

Pregnancy can happen even if your period is irregular. It may not be infertility.”

But her period was not irregular; it never occurred. However, she had never tried to have a child before so couldn’t answer with certainty as to whether or not she was pregnant.

Then a more knowledgeable doctor came along and gave Lucia new information.

“A long time ago, when we lost the war and women were caught by the enemies, there was a story that they would eat mugwort on purpose to avoid having children for the enemy. It seems that they thought that if the menstrual cycle was stopped then naturally, it would serve as a form of birth control but it has been proven that mugwort has no effect on contraception.”

The doctor’s answer was pretty ambiguous. Lucia did not give up and in her spare time asked about any skilled doctors then visited them. But time had continued on and she was growing older.

She was about to give up. She was old enough and there was no discomfort in her life without her fertility so she was going to act like nothing had happened. Then one day, a wandering doctor chanced upon the town she lived in.

At first, none of the villagers believed the dirty old man’s claims that he was a doctor. However, as the doctor remained in the village and gave treatment, more people began to see the positive effect and were swayed to believing him.

Lucia went to visit the doctor since she had nothing to lose. The doctor was temporarily staying at a room that someone in the village had left, and just like when he first arrived, he was dressed shabbily.

However as they conversed, an image different from his outward appearance was revealed. His expression and manner of speaking were gentle and somewhat dignified.

“Did you really eat the mugwort herb? And then your menstruation stopped?”

When she told other doctors about her symptoms, they would look at her as some kind of rare animal which made her embarrassed but this doctor was different. He was both surprised and intrigued.

“Why? When? And to what extent did you eat it?”

Because he had a different reaction from all the doctors she had met till now, she grabbed onto one last hope and answered all his questions diligently.

“From my first menstruation onwards...” [Lucia]

Right after she said that, the doctor’s eyes strangely lit up.

“By any chance, are you a virgin?”

“No. I’ve been married before so I’m not a young maiden.”

Truthfully, she was pretty much like a virgin but she didn’t want to tell the doctor things to that extent.

The doctor was somewhat disappointed and gave a bitter laugh.

“In my eyes, you are a very young lady.”

“Is my condition infertility?”

“Yes.”

It was the same answer that all the previous doctors had given her but she was desperate.

“Can it...be treated?”

The doctor chuckled and guaranteed her treatment that no one else had been able to do.

“You are lucky person. This is a treatment method passed down in only my family.”

So he gave her a prescription containing various drugs to be mixed together. She didn’t write it down but took a book out of her bag, tore a page from it and gave it to him.

“Since it is a secret method passed down in your family, is it ok to give me this?”

“In any case, it’s not something I need anymore.”

The doctor’s expression as he said this seemed a little sad.

“I...Can I really get better? They all said mugwort herb is a poison.”

It wasn’t that she didn’t believe the doctor’s prescription but that she had gone through hardship to get it treated and yet here he was, giving her a simple solution. The situation itself was a bit unbelievable.

“Poison...yes, it is known as such. This is an exclusive but I’ll tell you something special. Mugwort has a surprising effect. It doesn’t just do something simple like stopping blood flow. If you eat it, it completely purifies the body. That is the reason why menstruation stops. But the human body itself is a mass of impurity, there is nothing good to forcibly purify. The effect of the herb is just that strong that such side effects occur but it does not harm your body. And apart from not having your period, you haven’t gotten sick anywhere else, right?”

“Yes.”

“And truthfully, to become infertile from eating mugwort, you have to have been eating it for a long time, like from your first period onwards. Just like you. If you haven’t been taking it for that long, even if your menstruation stops for a while, there are no other symptoms.

And infertility definitely will not happen. But, people treat it as a poison because of its only symptom, which is to stop menstrual flow. Anyways, because it is not poison, if you weaken the effect of the herb, your body will return to its original state. If you regularly take your medicine, it will surely get better. I hope for you to have a pretty child and become a happy parent. ”

Not too long after, the doctor left the village. Unlike when the doctor first came to the village, the villagers were truly sorry to see him go.

Lucia went ahead and bought herbs that had been prescribed by the doctor.

“Why are buying these two herbs together? Surely, you aren’t planning on mixing them together? If you eat them together, you’ll have a huge problem!”

The prescription combinations that the doctor gave her didn’t seem to be one that complied with commonsense. However, Lucia didn’t think she could get worse and she was curious anyways so she followed his directions and started to make the medicine.

As long as no abnormality happens, once a month, steadily take the medicine until menstruation starts again; how to eat and how frequent was easy to know. She did wonder if it would actually work but then she shook her head and chose to believe it.

A lot of time passed and suddenly one day, her menstruation restarted.

***

Now the Lucia who had seen all this in a dream was not embarrassed like her 15 year old self from the dream. She already knew that she wasn’t sick and was not going to die.

However the 15 year old Lucia was mentally unstable for a reason different from the one in the dream. She had thought that she could change anything in the present since she knew the future however there was nothing that a young princess, locked up in a palace room could do.

It felt like a prophecy that the coming future would be exactly like the dream. The thought of getting married to the count at 21 again was extremely sickening and she couldn’t bear it. Her fears reached its climax as soon as her menstruation started.

‘I do not want to give birth to that bastard’s child.’

She already knew that getting pregnant was surprisingly not very easy. There were many married couples that had no children. Moreover, considering Count Matin’s sexual capability there was almost no possibility of her getting pregnant. However, she didn’t want to let the slightest possibility remain.

So, she chose to make herself infertile. The doctor she met in the dream had told her that the mugwort herb was not poisonous and the treatment method that she had received remained in her memory. Since she could treat at any time with the medicine, there was not really any worry if she was currently infertile.

Lucia could cure her infertility at any moment but she had already told Hugo that she could not get pregnant and would not suddenly tell him that she could.

‘At that time... I had thought I would get divorced...’

When she proposed marriage, she had thought that they would live together for a few years then he would ask for a divorce or after a reasonable amount of time, she would ask herself. However,

‘I won’t do something like divorce.’

Even if he did not mention the family tradition, he was the kind of person that would not proceed with the divorce process because it was annoying. She didn’t know if there was another woman who loved him to death and wanted to marry him by all means but it didn’t look like that was possible.

‘I already said I wouldn’t regret this...I made up my mind to endure.’

There was going to be no child in her life. The moment she signed the marriage certificate, she was already prepared.

[I hope for you to have a pretty child and become a happy parent.]

It would seem that whether it was the dream or the present, the doctor’s wish would not be fulfilled. Lucia dug into her memories for the doctor’s name.

“Philip.”

Right. That was his name.

***

It was afternoon and as usual, Jerome brought tea and quietly entered the Duke’s office. Because it was obvious who was coming in, Hugo didn’t take his eyes of his documents. But as Jerome didn’t go back and kept standing by the desk, Hugo raised his head.

When the Duke’s eyes left the documents and faced him, Jerome opened his mouth.

“Your Grace, Madam is planning to have a tea party tomorrow.”

“Yes. I’ve heard.”

“Since it is her Grace’s first time, what do you think of sending a congratulatory gift?”

“Gift?”

He gave a low ‘hmm’ and mumbled, lowering his pen and sitting more comfortably in his chair.

“A gift, huh.” [Hugo]

“Yes. Her Grace will be extremely pleased.”

Now that he thought about it, he didn’t have anything to give her. He was not the type to easily know when to give gifts but if he was told to get this and that, he could. But she didn’t tell him what to get and he didn’t know what she would like and couldn’t think of what to give her.

Is it enough to make the budget plentiful?

She didn’t ask him to give her anything but as it was her first time debuting in the northern social circles, it was enough reason. If she receives a gift that she could never imagine, would she like it?

When he thought of her sparkling eyes as she expressed her thanks, his mood somehow grew merrier.

What would be good? Jewelry? Or maybe...jewelry? If that didn’t work...then jewelry? Jewelry was the only thing that he could think of. He was sure that women like jewelry however strangely, he wasn’t too sure that Lucia liked them.

While his worries were deepening, Jerome was patiently waiting for his master’s answer. Jerome’s ear picked up the sound of a soft knock at the door. In order not to disrupt his master’s thought, Jerome left quietly then came back after a while.

“Your Grace, Sir Philip has arrived and is outside. He said he hasn’t returned in Roam in a long time and wants to give his greetings to your Grace.”

Translator’s Corner:

*Honestly, it’s either mugwort or wormwood. The problem is according to google those two PROMOTE menstruation...but the author is King. LOL.

*I was also too invested to stop translating so u get the full chap. May not happen again ha-ha.

*This was edited sparsely. Was about to miss my bus. Tell me if u see mistakes.

*Don’t hope for ch 19 anytime soon. Sorry *.*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 19
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal Couple — > (7)

TN: Weee finally had time to translate. Part 2 should be coming in a few hrs or if I sleep off, tmrw. Currently working on it.

For generations, Philip had been the Taran Family’s doctor and was absent from Roam since Hugo had left the estate for a long time. Nobody knew exactly where he went.

He’d said he would be travelling around for a bit and left but there had been no news for years. Philip had no friends or family so his absence didn’t have much effect and no one was really curious about it. The Duke was very healthy and had never even been ill before. Also, for formality sake, as a noble, one did not receive regular check-ups from doctors.

Since Hugo became the Duke, the doctor hadn’t had anything to do. Apart from greeting Philip a few times, Jerome had not really had a conversation with him. He had heard Philip was the also primary doctor of the deceased Duke even so that doctor... he was definitely a family doctor but he was a bit unique in that he was also a Baron.

Jerome believed the man had a lot of guts because he’d served dukes for generation but apart from that, he didn’t feel the need to pay attention the doctor’s matters. However, the moment the name Philip left his mouth, his master’s face which had been somewhat relaxed, froze. Seeing his master’s red eyes gleam, Jerome felt suspicious. Wasn’t Philip simply a family doctor?

For a short moment, he searched his memories thoroughly but there was no clue regarding Philip and his master’s relationship. He then came to the realization that his master and Philip had actually treated each other like they were air and this would be the first time Philip had personally come to meet the Duke. On paper, he was the primary doctor but the duke being the duke, he had never needed to receive any treatment.

“Let him in. Do not let anyone onto the second floor until I say so.”

His voice was cold and murderous intent lingered in the air. Feeling his master’s anger, Jerome nervously followed the Duke’s orders without question.

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Jerome left and after a while, an old man with half whitish and grey hair walked in. The man walked quietly to the front of the desk where Hugo was sitting then bent his waist to make polite bow.

For a second, Hugo didn’t say anything, just stared piercingly at the old man then he spoke in an even and unfeeling voice.

“It’s been a while, old man.”

Philip was not displeased with the title that showed no respect and gave a faint smile.

“Yes, long time no see. After all this time, you’ve become a grown man.”

Despite being only a doctor, the man was confident and showed no servility to the noble personage in front of him. His voice was calm but inside deep emotion surfaced as he faced Hugo.

His gaze was like that of a grandfather watching his grandchild that has done well. However, Hugo’s eyes stayed frozen.

“I heard you went on a trip.” [Hugo]

“I have returned.”

“Too bad, you must have had a good time wandering around. Since you’ve said your greetings, get lost. In the future, don’t do such things like greeting me. I’m saying you shouldn’t show your face in front of me again.”

As though he were reading off a book, Hugo’s voice was arid but the contents were harsh. Philip’s complexion remained unchanged as he heard the ferocity in Hugo’s words. Rather, he seems a little relieved.

“You are still the same as before.” [Philip]

“My nature’s never change.”

“Young master’s nature is outstanding. You didn’t reap this old man’s life after all.”

Hugo laughed sardonically.

“Don’t misunderstand. The reason I let you live is because I owe you the debt of a life. That stupid kid had said he’s protect his life’s savior.”

For a moment, yearning surfaced on Philip’s face but it disappeared the next second.

“...Young master Hugo was a good-natured person. That’s why he wasn’t fit to be the master of Taran.” [Philip]

‘Young master Hugo’

Just for a short moment when those words left Philip’s mouth, Hugo’s gaze softened.

“That’s true. Because of that devilish child, I’m taking care of this dirty seat.”

“Young master Hugh...”

“If you call me by that name one more time, I’ll rip out your mouth.”

Hugo’s countenance changed viciously and he roared at Philip. Like that of a wild beast before it pounces on its food, he wanted to standup immediately and bite off Philip’s neck but was barely holding himself back.

Facing Hugo’s fiery anger, Philip merely had a sad expression.

“That person sacrificed himself for the young master’s sake.”

“I never asked for that.”

Hugo gloomily ground his teeth.

The Hugh who was more beast and animal-like met Hugo when he was on a vacation. The moment when Hugh went on a vacation, the devil became a human. That the owner of Taran would become Hugo was most suitable. Only he could cleanse Taran that was smeared with dirt and filth.

Hugh was always surrounded by enemies and had done many evil deeds to keep his life but he actually did not know why he had to live or the meaning of living. However, Hugh finally found a reason to live and that there was something more precious than his own life. That only brother would have to live and climb unto seat, the one called the devil should not be Hugh. (1).

“Young master Hugo wished more than anyone else for the young master to be on that seat. Anyways, you two are of the blood of Taran. Naturally, young master has the right to be master of Taran.”

“That devil died that night in the west tower. I’m...the one right here now is Hugo.”

“Yes, it is the young master. When will you accept the fact that you are now the master?”

“I won’t be here forever. I will hand it over to that child when he’s old enough.”

Philip gave a small sigh.

“Young master Damian is still young.”

“That’s why I’m waiting, isn’t it? I’m waiting and bearing this sickening and tiring place.”

Hugo responded while gritting his teeth.

“Young master Hugo’s seat is one full of weariness. So it’s a nobler seat.”

Hugo stared at Philip for a moment then spoke coolly.

“Well, I’ve always known that old man is good at keeping his head. That day, if you had blabbered on just like today’s, I would have pulled out your neck and thrown it away. At that time, like a dumb person, you kept your mouth shut and knelt down. Did you know that I killed everyone who knows of what happened that day except from you, old man?”

For the first time since entering the room, Philip’s expression stiffened.

“... You left no traces.”

“Yes. I was disgusted and couldn’t stand their sight. So, old man will be the last. Hurry up with your filth. Once old man disappears, it will no longer reek.”

“The deceased Duke made the inevitable choice for the family...”

“Choice?”

Hugo slammed the desk violently with both hands and bolted upright. He moved forward and his red pupils were like a blazing fire as he looked at Philip...no, someone he could see beyond Philip, with rising anger. His rage was like a furnace that would overflow at any moment.

“That old fool sold his one of his son to mercenaries as a slave to be worked then instead of embracing the son he chose, he tried again to switch them.”

He chose Hugo, threw away Hugh. However, as years passed, the duke changed his mind and this time abandoned Hugo and chose Hugh. For the reason that Hugo’s personality was too mild. For the first time, Hugh clung to someone and pleaded. Not for his own sake but for another’s.

[If I obediently become your successor, don’t touch him] (2).

He did everything that was asked of him. He studied earnestly and exteriorly assumed Hugo’s appearance. The coarse way of speaking was thrown away and he changed into a noble and self-restrained personage. He was like a reared beast and fell nicely at the feet of the duke. However, he did not know.

That for the same reason, for his brother, Hugo had gladly thrown away everything he’d learned until yesterday from the venerable Confucius. It was Hugo who first noticed that the Duke had tied strings to both of them and held sway over them in his hands and that was the beginning of the tragedy.

Hugo realized that as long as he existed and the duke who would use him to the end existed, they could never be free.

Translator’s Corner:

1. There’s a bit of confusion and disconnect for me while translating this paragraph and the previous one. Hope it came across well.

2. He means don’t touch Hugo.

*If you’re confused, the current Hugo was formerly Hugh and the former Hugo.... to be continue LOL

< — Ducal Couple — > (7)

TN: Here you go~ 19 is actually shorter than I expected. To make it flow better I added the ending of part 1 here.

Hugo had realized that as long as he existed and the duke who would use him to the end existed, they could never be free.

And on the day he left to Roam, Hugo brutally and thoroughly murdered the Duke and anyone with him, then by his side, slit his throat and died.

“He was someone who couldn’t catch and kill a bug so the one who drove him to do such a cruel thing was that old fool. It was to the extent that I had nothing to say. What choice? That was not choice just ugly greed.” [Hugo]

“Young Master.”

“Stop calling me young master. I am the Lord of Taran and the Duke. Are you still living in the world from 10 years ago?”

The tall and firm wall around him did not show any gaps. Philip sighed. For a long time now, he was unable to end his feelings and he’d thought that now that the young master was an adult maybe he would understand. It was a fruitless expectation.

Would the Taran bloodline end this way? Is it right for such a noble lineage to end this way? He wondered if his father’s dying words were karmic. Originally, there was no precedent in which twins were born into the Taran lineage. Maybe the unusual occurrence was a warning.

“I heard you were married.” [Philip]

“So?”

“That person must not give you a child.”

“Then it can’t be any better.”

“Do you understand what the Madame wants?”

“This is just a warning but don’t you dare try approaching my wife.”

Hugo fiercely bared his teeth. Surprise flashed through Philip’s eyes.

“Then young master Damian needs a bride. Otherwise, the bloodline of Taran...”

“Shut up! you prattle on about such dirty acts pretty well.”

People had no idea of when the Taran family started or why it took up residence in the desolate North. They did not know why the Taran family, with so much strength under its belt, would live quietly as servants to the King.

The one and only purpose of the Taran Family. The truth that only the head of the Taran family from generation to generation and a select few knew.

It was the preservation of the Taran bloodline. And to achieve that purpose, they found the safest and most secure position for their plan. It was a land that did not appeal to the greedy or desirous and was a place that not everyone could handle. The north was a place made for Taran.

Now the only remaining people who knew of this truth was Hugo and the old man in front of him. Hugo had grabbed and killed everyone who knew, leaving no stone unturned. The old man wouldn’t have been able to avoid death if it wasn’t for the fact that he’d saved his brother’s life in the past.

“Did you know this? You guys are savages and I point at those bastards in the north who can’t help but leech off my sister.” [Hugo] (1).

“You must not judge it by the moral standards of an outsider. The Taran bloodline...”

“I’ve said you should shut up about that. I don’t want to hear shit about those nonsense bloodlines. Normally, women do not hurt their children! More like monsters, what noble lineage!”

Philip slowly closed his eyes with a heavy expression then reopened them.

“...you still say such words. Then...is young master Hugo a monster? What of young master Damian?”

“...”

“Though the deceased Duke chose such an excessive method...”

Hugo smirked then sneered coldly.

“That jerk of a father...no, stop. I think my mouth will grow filthier.”

“The Taran bloodline must continue...”

“That damned obsession. Such dirty acts will end with me! Hey, you crazy old man. I don’t think things like God exist but you should thank God that your neck is still in place. If you touch my bottom line one more time, I won’t owe you anything. Wherever you live, whether it is Roam or anywhere else, just like you’ve been until now, don’t let me see you, just shove yourself somewhere. This is my last warning. Get out. Right now. If you show up around my wife, I will rip out your heart.”

Philip looked at Hugo for a long time without saying anything, then he bowed his head, turned around and left the office.

Hearing the sound of the door closing, Hugo rose and in a pose of pushing against the desk, tried to adjust his breathing. His clenched fist was shaking violently. Kill him! He wanted to kill that bastard right now! Rip his heart out, break his neck and throw him into the most miserable place in the world then throw him to the beasts to eat!

The thing inside of him screamed viciously, threatening to break out. His whole body seemed like it was boiling and his red eyes darkened even more looking like blood.

After a long time, his breathing slowed to a more comfortable pace. It would be difficult for the monster inside him to come out now.

He was Hugo. Hugo would never abandon the prestige of his place as the Duke. It would be easy to kill the old man. But he couldn’t. It would have been better if the life debt was for his own life, then he couldn’t care less about it.

When Hugo had completely calmed down, he called for Jerome.

“You said you brought a female doctor from the capital, right? As my wife’s primary doctor?”

“Yes, Your Grace. Shall I call her?”

“You don’t need to do that. That old...no, Do not let Philip get close to or even approach my wife.”

He knew that Philip had nothing to do with her as of now but he hated the fact that Philip was anywhere around her. He didn’t want her to be hurt by Philip saying unnecessary words. He’d hate that. He didn’t want to see those amber eyes sad.

“I understand. Do you want me to place surveillance where they wouldn’t notice?”

“As long as he doesn’t enter the Roam residence otherwise leave it alone.”

“Would it be okay to inform her Grace?”

If he told her not to do something, strangely, it was her nature to become curious about it. He didn’t want to make her conscious of Philip.

“...No. Let them meet naturally. Don’t let her have questions.”

“I will do as you have asked.”

For a second, Jerome’s thoughts went to the events that took place in the western pagoda. There was no workers left in the mansion that had personally seen the events that took place. Except one person. And that one person was Philip, the family doctor. He didn’t know why those thoughts suddenly came to mind but he thought to somewhat tell his master of it.

“Your Grace, the other day, her Grace had asked why the west tower was locked.”

Hugo’s eyes immediately sharpened.

“So?”

“I told her truthfully what I knew. I told her the former duke and duchess died, and that your Grace’s twin brother... my apologies. I had judged that it was okay for the Madame to know. I was thoughtless.”

“...No. It is something she’ll learn of anyways. What did she say after she heard that?”

“She were a little surprised, but she was more worried about your Grace.”

“...”

Hugo stood up from his seat.

“I will be going out for a horse ride so don’t prepare dinner. I may be quite late.”

Jerome bowed in answer to the duke and waited as the duke went past him and out then he lifted his head with a grim expression.

‘What of a gift for her Grace...’

It was definitely not the right mood to ask. On the surface, the Duke was no different from usual but after Philip went in and came out, he felt like the atmosphere had become pricklier. He immersed himself in his thoughts for a bit then shook his head. It was not the right behavior of a steward to dig into matter which his master hadn’t told him to.

“Then...as a present for her Grace...how does a flower sound?”

Translator’s Corner:

(1.) It says Hugo has a sister for sure but... >.> the wording is throwing me off, I wish Koreans used more commas.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 20
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Ducal couple — > (8)

TN: Thank you for not complaining and letting me translate at my pace. It really helps XD. Part 2 should come tmrw or next. I’m a bit tied up for tmrw but we’ll see. Also, since I don’t really split in the middle, more like ‘oh this seems like a good place to stop’, my part 2’s will generally be pretty short. Finally, there’s a poll below, please do if you can.

The first tea party was pretty small. She had invited a total of eight people, mainly wives of the duke’s vassals and elderly noble women. She followed Jerome’s advice on whom to invite and the atmosphere of the party stayed amicable.

Lucia was a bit nervous at first but after she got to her seat, she realized there was no need to be nervous. The system here was a different one from the capital’s social system where you had to be ready at any time to fight tooth and nail in such gatherings. In the north and as the Duchess of Taran, she was already in a superior position.

They were all saying pleasantries and being harmonious so there was no needless consciousness of her mood. If Lucia had used her authority and hurt any of these old lady’s pride, no matter how much they laughed in front of her, the instant they were at her back, they would heap criticisms. Lucia kept her courtesy at a level where it was not too much but neither was it too little but this was Lucia’s first time being the host for a tea party.

In her dream, Count Matin pestered her excessively to socialize but he never supported her properly. After all, once you open a tea party once, you have to keep opening one. Throwing a tea party once and then deciding to quit was not something one could do. There was also the fact that throwing tea parties regularly cost a pretty good amount of money. Count Matin was a miser who would grasp money tightly and wouldn’t let go. On that subject, her body was pretty lenient on her considering what she ate and used.

Although Lucia’s experience as a host was lacking, for many years, she had attended countless parties in her dream. Even though it was mainly from having listened to someone else’s words and then hastily putting it into action, experience was experience.

All the noble women in attendance were experienced madams. The atmosphere of the party flowed well even if Lucia did not take the lead. Or rather, the elderly noble women were easier to handle than the young maidens. There was no need for the needless exchange of nerves, prominent amongst young female nobles and everyone here was in a relationship where they would be seeing each other’s faces for a long time so there was no need to hide what they wanted to or not wanted to say.

As she listened to the conversations of the madams, there were times where she’d join in the chat or even laugh. The ones who were surprised were the noblewomen. The young Duchess was now 18 years of age but she was not nervous in the slightest. The women here had daughters or even granddaughters of the same age as the Duchess, but compared to the Duchess, their children could only be described as immature.

‘Indeed, a princess.’

‘She’s full of elegance.’

‘To think she’d be so steady.’

Lucia was merely one of the common princesses in the palace but she was of the royal household. In the northern social circles, it was a big occasion for one to go to the capital and visit the royal palace and for the nobles, the status of a princess, even if it was just one, was an existence they had to look up to.

Compared to those her age, she was unusually calm and they had all accepted her with dignity and elegance. The older they were, the more satisfied they were with the young Duchess’ serene appearance. The young Duke of Taran was a very rash, coarse and hard to approach opponent so the relatively mild Duchess was very appealing to these noble madams.

“Soon, are you going to open up a grand ball? My granddaughter told me to definitely ask you.”

“No, there is no plan for that yet. I prefer this, just accompanying the madams to talk about trivial matters. A ball is too noisy and complex.” [Lucia]

“That is a very good point. If you open up a ball, the younger ones will be the ones coming over to play.”

“I agree. Drinking until dawn and then staggering around doesn’t look so good.”

The noble madams swiftly supported that. Memories of themselves playing around in their youth seemed to have simultaneously disappeared from their minds.

“Please excuse my rudeness.”

Jerome came into the terrace as their conversation was reaching its peak. A tea party was an event for women alone, even the people serving were to be women only so it was customary for men to not interfere.

“Is something the matter, steward?” [Lucia]

“I apologize for disrupting your Grace’s enjoyment. His Grace sent a present to celebrate your Grace’s first social event. May it be brought in?”

The expressions of the madams filled with excitement at once and they exchanged glances. With her face slightly red, Lucia gave her approval and maids filed in. They all held beautiful flowers in their bosom. It was a feast of beautiful red flowers; roses, tulips, chrysanthemums, geraniums...

It was indeed an assortment of red flowers. The maids began to put them in every corner of the terrace, they put some in vases, then they started to decorate all around the table. Very quickly, the interior of the terrace was filled with sweet floral scents. At the very least thousands of the flowers were fully bloomed.

“Oh my, oh my goodness.”

“I never thought the Duke would be such a romantic person.”

No matter how old they got, women loved flowers. The madams tossed away their etiquette and cheered happily. Now that they had grown older, the fluttering heart for love that they had in their younger days had waned but upon witnessing this unexpected romance, their passion was rekindled. Having received this unexpected gift, Lucia’s heart also beat faster.

“You say His Grace sent this gift...did he have any words for me?”

The experienced steward did not panic at her question.

“He hoped that you’d take kindly to the theme for today’s present.”

Lucia’s eyes widened slightly then she gave the steward a soft smile.

“You’ve done well, Steward. I would like to give his Grace my thanks personally.”

Continuously, till the tea party ended, the noble women mentioned how envious they were of her. Surrounded by them and their words, Lucia’s face reddened till it looked like one of the flower petals. Lucia gave each one of them a bundle of flowers to take with them as they made to leave.

Even then, there were still many flowers remaining. The noble madams returned to their homes, extremely satisfied with the beautiful present that was neither overbearing nor lacking.

“You’ve worked hard, your Grace. Looking at the bright expression on the faces of the noble madams, it seems that they all enjoyed the tea party.”

“I also enjoyed myself and you too have worked hard, Jerome. But, I have something to ask.”

In that instant, Jerome’s shoulders stiffened. These days, her Grace rarely went on the offensive.

“...Yes, your Grace.”

“The flower present. His Grace did not order it, right?”

“What?”

Jerome frantically exclaimed despite himself and asked her a question. As Jerome slowly turned pale from astonishment, Lucia couldn’t help but chuckle.

“At first, I had thought it was a gift from him. I would have been deceived if you hadn’t said anything after that. ‘He hopes that you’d take kindly to today’s theme’. That person is not the delicate type. How could you not know him better than I do?”

If Jerome had said that his Grace had no words for her, she would have thought that the gift was something Hugo had sent.

“Ah...that...Your Grace. W-well, it..it’s...”

Lucia warmly comforted Jerome who was stuttering pitifully.

“It’s okay. Thank you for the present. Jerome.”

“Your Grace! It’s not like that. His Grace really wanted to send a gift but he did not know what to send. That’s why I sent flowers...”

“Really?”

“Yes. It’s the truth. Please trust me, your Grace.”

Lucia examined Jerome whose complexion was pale and stiff with doubtful eyes then gave a low hum. His expression looked so pitiful she decided to drop the topic here.

“I understand.”

“Your Grace, it truly is.”

“I said I understand. I will give my thanks to his Grace.”

In a different way, Jerome was now difficult to deal with. If she were to give her thanks personally to the duke and something went wrong...but at this point, she couldn’t say no. Even if he meant well, undeniably it was an act to deceive her.

“I shall be sitting here for a little while longer. The flowers smell very nice.”

“Yes, your Grace. Shall I bring you some tea?”

“I’ve already drank a lot of tea. There’s no need to.”

Jerome withdrew and Lucia sat for a while in the quiet terrace, enjoying the scent of the flowers.

Translator’s Corner.

* What do you guys like better? Butler or Steward? Let me know in this poll: .

Or you can comment. Either way is fine.

< — Ducal couple — > (8)

TN: So I tried using butler & steward. Doesn’t seem like it was jarring to me so I might go with that. That said, most of y’all seemed to like stewards like I do. Great minds think alike (jk). (〜￣▽￣)〜

During the timeframe of the tea party, Hugo was having a meeting. Hugo held regular meetings with his vassals, knights and local lords. From their point of view, holding a meeting once a month was good enough to know the state of things but all of Hugo’s other meetings were held at least once a week and then met frequently to hold meetings.

His style of meeting aimed to provide solutions to the issues that are raised during the meeting. So, when he enters a meeting, people were only able to come out after it was over and with faces full of exhaustion. There were many cases where the meeting had started in the morning and lasted till evening.

Today’s meeting took a long time too and was only done sometime after the tea party had ended. Thankfully, the time for dinner had not yet passed. The current time was a bit too early to have dinner but it was also a time without any particular purpose so Hugo asked Jerome about Lucia’s whereabouts.

“Her grace is on the terrace.”

‘Ah. The tea party.’

[Since it is her Grace’s first event, what do you think of sending a congratulatory gift?]

‘Damn,’ He lamented a little. He’d wanted to send a present but then forgot about it.

Yesterday, his mind was focused on something else, and today, he’d been in a meeting since morning and hadn’t had time to think of anything else. Well, at least today still wasn’t over. Even if it was a little late, as long as it was given today, there probably won’t be any problem.

“Is she still having a tea party at this time?”

“No, Your Grace. It’s been a while since it ended. Her Grace is just passing her time on the terrace. And...since you did not give any orders on a gift for her Grace, I used my judgement and sent flowers and decorated the terrace.”

“Hmm? Okay, you did well.”

As expected, his steward was very capable.

“You said she was on the terrace, right?”

Looking at the back of his master, Jerome couldn’t bear to tell him that her Grace was currently suspicious of whether his Grace had truly sent the gift of flowers. This incident was undeniably Jerome’s fault. It was the first time in his life as a butler to hide his mistake from his master.

Ignoring Jerome who was busy drowning in his sense of shame, Hugo took light steps towards the terrace. As the day drew to a close, the red glow of the sun was cast on the terrace and the moment Hugo reached the terrace, he stopped walking.

Lucia was sitting down with her eyes closed, supporting her chin with her hand on the table. It was as though terrace was enveloped in a blanket of silence, it was not a heavy silence but a serene and calm one.

‘What is she thinking of?’

He didn’t want to disrupt her contemplation but he was also curious as to what she was thinking about and was tempted to immediately bring her back to reality. Looking at her peaceful face, his heart couldn’t help but grow calmer. She looked so comfortable and at ease that it took his breath away.

Hugo slowly closed his eyes then reopened it. Sometimes, when he looked at her, he felt strange. He felt as though there was something pressing down on his chest and his eyes couldn’t quite make out what was in front of him, like something unknown was gnawing at him from the inside.

It was not a pleasant feeling but this feeling did not make him unpleased or uncomfortable. In his life which had always been clear and precise, she was a puzzle piece that he’d been unable to find a place for.

Suddenly, her eyes flew open. When she discovered his presence, she gave a smile as radiant as sunshine. Hugo momentarily furrowed his brow. He felt as though his heart was being pricked with a needle, and felt a twinge of pain. These days, he kept having abnormal symptoms in his body. So far, he’d never fallen ill and as for wounds, his body recovered remarkably fast so he never needed doctor and had lived without one.

‘...Do I need to ask them to call in that old man?’

What was he thinking? Philip’s face was one face he didn’t wish to see even in his dreams. Lucia quickly got up and ran towards him. The very enjoyable tea party, the fragrant scent of the flowers and the sad but beautiful glow made by the slowly setting sun, all of it had slowly elevated her mood. She had been enjoying the quiet peace on the terrace and just when that happy feeling had reached its peak, he arrived.

Lucia expressed her currently bubbling emotions by running into his arms.

“Woah...”

As she had suddenly ran into him, he was stunned for a moment. He held her waist firmly with his arms as she rubbed her head on his chest and relaxed into his arms. He responded by embracing her soft bosom to his body then he lowered his head and kissed the top of her head. She was doing cute things she’d never done before. If this was what she had learned at the tea party today then he didn’t mind opening one every day.

He smiled tenderly, lightly grabbed her chin and gave her a soft kiss.

“Was the tea party fun?”

“Yes, thank you for the present.”

His gaze immediately took notice of the terrace which was covered in flowers. It would seem that the gift that Jerome had sent on his behalf had made her very happy, and with that, he was satisfied.

‘Just why do women love flowers? They can’t even eat it.’ He couldn’t understand it but in the first place, he could never understand the existences called women anyways. His sight moved towards the bright and blossoming red flowers that seemed eager to show off their beauty, and his gaze landed on the rose flowers.

His eyes slightly stiffened.

[Please send me a rose flower.]

Suddenly, the words she had said came to mind. He then felt an ominous foreboding.

‘When did she say that?’

In his extraordinary memory which could remember everything from the day he could walk, an error seemed to have occurred. As his heart grew restless and desperate, his memory became more disordered. He struggled to remember the memory of something that had happened just a few months ago.

‘Right. The contract...the condition she gave me the day we made a contract.’

[If you believe that I am unable to control my heart, please send me a rose flower].

‘This... Damn it.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 21
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (9)

TN: I changed most of the ‘old man’ in the other chapters to old geezer. Seems more insulting and appropriate. Many of you guys were actually on point last chapter in your deductions. I have a 10 page (4 and a half down, 5 and a half to go) research paper to write so see you guys next week (maybe) ʕ ಡ ﹏ ಡ ʔ

He felt like ice cold water had been poured on his head. No, it was a much clammier feeling, as though his body had been bound and the inside and outside of his body was filled in rancid filth.

‘I feel dirty.’

Apart from those words, there was no other words to describe it. It was not just simple annoyance but the really annoying discomfort you feel when you pull your feet out after stepping in mud and there is mud all the way to your ankle.

No, it was a bit different from that. It was akin to thinking he had caught the enemy off-guard but ended up meeting them as they already knew beforehand and were waiting for hime. No, not like that either. He earnestly and anxiously tried to capture what exactly the feeling he was going through was but he couldn’t deduce an answer.

Her clear eyes were starting to at him with a little suspicion. He needed more time to think.

“Are flowers that good?”

“Rather than being happy about the flowers, I’m happier that you sent me a gift.”

Her expression was bright and purely full of joy. It seemed as though she had accepted the meaning of the present as simply a present but he didn’t dare to openly ask. Then she would know that the present was not something he had sent and because she knew it as simply a present, she would be disappointed.

“I’m glad you liked it.”

He hid his restless mind and on the surface, responded very calmly but inwardly he harbored a minor grudge with Jerome. Out of all the possible presents, why did it have to be rose flowers?

Although they were many other kind of flowers there, all Hugo could see were the rose flowers. Hugo lowered his body and easily took her up in his arms. Lucia let out a scream due to his sudden actions.

He sat on the table, placed her on his laps, wrapped his two arms around her firmly and propped his chin on her shoulder.

“Your Grace...?”

“Just wait a moment.”

After she’d struggled a little and then gave up, he started to think. Feeling the temperature of the small body in arms gradually getting warmer, he calmly explored his memory.

‘Yellow. Right. It was a yellow rose.’

At first, just seeing the red flowers he was flustered and surprised but after the moment of surprise passed, he began to think rationally. No matter how much he looked, there was no sight of anything yellow. There was no sight of the yellow rose that he’d sent to women to signify their parting. He instantly felt relieved.

Initially, he had no idea that those women would be receiving yellow roses. He had simply ordered Jerome to handle the matter adequately by himself but he never inquired about how it was handled. But then, one day, a woman who had received a yellow rose came to find him and threw a bunch of yellow roses at him. Even though they had only met up a few times, she was a woman he’d thought to have had quite the personality.

After that incident, Hugo got to know that there was a flower known as the yellow rose. To him, once it was colorful, they were all the same flowers, but the yellow rose was one flower he was aware of. He never asked Jerome why amongst all flowers he sent yellow roses but it seemed meaningful so he asked Jerome to keep doing what he was doing.

‘Does she know it is supposed to be a yellow rose?’

No matter how much he thought about it and sorted through the conversation they had while signing the contract...

‘Yellow’

There was nothing specified about the rose (1). But, looking at her reaction, she didn’t seem to take the roses sent today in that sense. And the farewell gift was a bunch of roses. Since this huge pile of flowers wasn’t it, he arrived at the conclusion that clearly, he had defined it differently (2).

Now that he’d solved one problem, he once again recalled him memories of the contract day. The conditions he’d put forth that day were the two documents. And then there were two additional conditions.

Freedom in his private life and to never fall in love with him.

‘You crazy bastard’*

Why did he add such a useless condition? He originally would not use a condition in a contract if the situation was one where it could not be documented. What happened was the result of her sounding him out and then confronting him.

Freedom in his private life was not really a problem. There was no need for him to marry a normal wife and then fix his eyes on another woman. That would be too troublesome. Sometimes he could play around and then with the flip of a hand, suddenly change his mind but anyways he was a man who open about his contradictions.

[I will never fall in love with your Grace.]

The problem was with this. His thoughts flipped back and forth, he felt as though his heart had been hit with a strong force and his breath was caught in his throat. Moreover, her oath was covered by two shields (3). She had declared to him: ‘I will never give you my heart and if by any chance I do, please send me a rose.’

And he had initially thought that it was a condition advantageous to himself and gladly agreed.

‘You stupid fucker.’*

He’d disliked himself originally but it was closer to disgust, he’d never thought of himself as a fool. In fact, he was very confident about the ability of his body and his brain but that confidence was slowly cracking.

“Whew, it’s hot.”

She twisted her body in his arms. As the strength in his arms disappeared, she pushed away from him with both hands and released her upper body. As the cool air hit her skin, she let out a small breath. He dropped his gaze and was stared dazedly at Lucia who was flushed slightly red from the heat.

‘This woman does not love me.’

[If that’s so, then I’m thankful.]

In the past, that was how he thought towards women. A woman’s love is annoying. They would give him their heart which he didn’t want then buzz around asking him to reciprocate. The love they had for him was ultimately based on what he had. Those women loved his power and his wealth.

They all loved the Duke Hugo not the Hugh who didn’t have anything to his name. And to him, of course Lucia was the same.

The person she wanted was himself as the Duke. But gradually that conviction of his was growing blurry. She hadn’t shown any interest in his power and wealth.

But he couldn’t know yet. They hadn’t been married for that long. Some people can hide their original motives for tens of years. That is what his rationality kept telling him but why does his sensibility keep telling him that something is different about her?

‘Do I hope for her to cling to me...? Like other women? Why?’

It was a mystery that he was completely unable to solve.

‘And if she ends up clinging to me... what am I to do?’

If that occurred then it would be a breach of the contract. But... if the contract conditions could not be kept then what about it?

His pupils momentarily twinkled. Their contract had a very fatal loophole. First, undocumented contracts cannot assert legal effects. Secondly, the contract did not mention any specific details about destroying or renouncing the contract when the conditions were not met. He didn’t see anything about divorce.

He had initially said that intending to block the annoying divorce process but thinking about it now, it was a clever foresight.

‘A rose? What about it? What if I don’t send roses forever? And so what if send some again?’

As he had stared at her for a while, her gaze grew increasingly questioning. His red pupil sank deeply into her amber eyes. She was his wife. She was his woman and no one would dare argue with him about that. From the moment she signed that marriage certificate, she was entirely bound to him.

‘This woman is mine.’

The conclusion he’d arrived at made him very satisfied. Love or whatever it was ultimately didn’t matter. She would never be able to escape from his hands. Possessiveness and obsession with her had begun to sprout from within his heart.

“Did the meeting not go well?”

She couldn’t place her finger on it but something about him was different from usual. Because he was such a remarkable person, she couldn’t imagine there being a problem that he was troubled with but the north was a vast land and he was the lord over many people, on the contrary, if no problems occurred then that would be strange.

Truthfully, Lucia was a bit sulky towards him.** Rather than letting his servant handle the gift, it was better to not have given it at all. However based on what Jerome had strongly asserted, Hugo had thought about the gift itself and her heart was slightly inclined to believing that.

And, at the tea party today, the noblewomen were concerned about the young and seemingly innocent Duchess and gave her some words of advice.

[Men are simple beings. There is no need to think about it complexly. Even if he just gifts you one flower, as though there are no gifts more precious in the world, jump into his arms, embrace him and thank him. If there is any passion, that passion will overflow.]

[You have to keep pretending that you love the gifts so that they will keep coming in. And from time to time say phrases like ‘my husband has done a great job, wasn’t it hard?’ you will find that he will be extremely soothed.] (4).

She’d now learnt how to keep a hold on her husband while they lived together but what could she do with that.

As they smiled and chatted, the noblewomen gave similar advices while Lucia sat there quietly and diligently piled the advices in her head.

Until she had run into his arms and embraced him, there had been no intention to follow the advice of the noblewomen. In that moment, she was just purely happy to see him. However just then the advice came to mind and the situation was simply perfect. And so Lucia put aside the complicated circumstances surrounding the flower gift and actively expressed her gratitude.

“The meeting had no issues. You said you liked the present, right?”

As his gaze on her was very intense, Lucia hesitantly tried to come down from his knees but his arms closed around her waist.

“Yes...”

“If you like it then you should return the favor.”

‘Really, this man is completely shameless’. He definitely knew that the gift was not something he sent yet he didn’t seem to be conscience—stricken. She considered spilling the beans but then Jerome would be scolded, she didn’t want to start up trouble for nothing so she let it pass.

“What would you like?” [Lucia]

“Is anything possible if I want it?”

“If it is something within my capacity to do, then yes.”

As he leaned in and whispered something into her ear, Lucia’s face grew redder and hotter.

“No way!”

“It’ll be over soon.”

His lips drew near to her lips and their lips touched.

“It’s almost time for dinner.”

“I’ll finish before then”

She continued to resist the little kisses he showered on her.

“I don’t believe you.”

“You say that so easily. Since when did my credibility become so little?”

“Why don’t you try placing your hands on your chest and thinking about it?”

Every time they were in bed, he would say ‘Just one more time’, or ‘this is the last time.’ And because she didn’t believe he would trick her, she would once again be deceived. He didn’t care about any of her complaints.

He gave a small heave and lifted her from under her thighs and above her skirt. The position of her legs were changed to spread around his thighs as she was firmly perched on him. Her position sat them face to face, her legs were as though they were wrapped around his waist and her nape was dyed red as she looked at him.

If not for clothes being in the way, there was practically no difference from their position when they had intercourse. She could already feel his excited male part which meant that he was really planning on doing it there.

“What do we do if someone comes?”

“My steward is not someone without tact. I bet if we don’t come out of here after while, he’ll handle it himself.”

‘That’s even more embarrassing!’

Lucia bit her lips and didn’t know what to do. One of his hands had already slipped under her skirt and was groping around inside. His other hand was nestled on her back, pulling her in as he bit her earlobe lightly and licked it.

“At first, I wanted to do it in the garden but then when I thought about it, with the weather being as it is, there will be a lot of insects. If you faint while we’re doing it, that would be difficult. Wait no. That wouldn’t matter. Even when there are no bugs, you occasionally—”

“...If you add one more word, I will bite off your lips.”

He giggled and replied playfully, “Yes, Your Grace.”

He kissed around her eyes as she glared at him bashfully. He swallowed her red lips and breathed in her sweet fragrance. He started moving to make good use of the time she had given to him, however he didn’t keep his promise about when he would finish.

Dinner time had already passed when they were done so they ate a very late dinner.

***

As Jerome brought some afternoon tea to his office, placed it on the desk and turned to leave, Hugo spoke.

“From now on...”

Jerome stopped walking, turned around and walked back to the desk to listen to his master’s words.

“I don’t care about other flowers but no more roses. Do as you see fit but I do not want to see any more of that particular flower.”

Jerome did not fully understand what his master wanted but he replied that he would take care of it. He wondered if yesterday, her Grace had been offended or hurt by the present that he had sent. But looking at the mood between the both of them today, it didn’t seem like that. As he was thinking about roses, a memory suddenly rose to the forefront of his mind.

“Your Grace, the other day, her Grace had asked me if I had sent a yellow rose.”

His hand that was signing instantly stopped moving, causing the ink from the pen to drop and spread under the paper. He frowned slightly and pushed the document away.

“So?”

“Her Grace asked me if she was right about Lady Lawrence being the last person to receive a rose...and I answered positively.”

On the night of the victory party, she had witnessed first-hand the sight of him breaking it off with Sophia Lawrence. He’d forgotten. Rather than saying he’d forgotten, saying that he didn’t feel the need to worry about it was better. He could somewhat get a glimpse of why she saw him as an unscrupulous and shameless villain.

“And...”

“Is there something else?”

Hugo’s voice grew a little sharper. Perhaps because of the mood, Jerome didn’t study his master’s face or he would have seen his master’s visible discomfort.

“Her Grace asked why the last person to receive a rose was not the Countess of Falcon and I answered that your Grace hadn’t ordered so.”

He had a cool expression on the outside but the hand holding his pen gripped it tighter.

‘If you answer that way, what am I supposed to do?!’

His swallowed back the words he wanted to scream. It was moments like this where his always capable butler was instantly reduced to a tactless fool.

“Send it. The rose.”

“Is your Grace talking about the Countess of Falcon?”

“Send it today. Right now.”

“Yes, your Grace. Oh, and another thing—”

“Why are they so many?” Hugo mumbled gloomily.

He’d only stopped Jerome from leaving and said one thing but it seemed like Jerome had taken that opportunity to pour out one thing after the other.

“This is something that her Grace’s primary doctor said. She wants you to restrain yourself in going to her Grace’s bed...”

“What? Why does the doctor care about that?”

“She said it was because of her Grace’s health and that once in five days, her Grace needs to rest.”

The health of the wife; it was the emergence of a tough task that he couldn’t resist at all. His wife was small and weak. Truthfully, Lucia was not that fragile but in his head, it was fixed as a huge deal if she were to fall ill. And for more than one month without pause, he’d had his way with her.

Though if he could really do it for more than one round then at least it wouldn’t be unfair.

Once every five days.

He became depressed.

Translator’s Corner.

He means there was nothing said specifically about a yellow rose. She just said send me a rose.If this sentence feels off to you, sorry. I can’t really get what he’s trying to say. But from what I’m hearing, basically he’s saying that if she doesn’t think this pile of roses is the, you know ‘go away rose’, he interpreted what she said differently.The condition are the shields.So I feel like I need to explain this. Basically it’s like if her husband is back from work, to comfort him, ask him if he’s tired and say he’s done a great job.

* He is totally cursing himself out if you couldn’t tell.

**Google translate (GT) of the day:

So as you know, I use google translate for the audio and this sentence’s translation had me rolling in laughter for a while. For those curious, put this is google translate:

사실 루시아는 그에게 조금 샐쭉해 있었다.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 22
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (10)

TN: This is much later than I planned but oh well. I got finals coming up so translation will be done whenever I’m taking a study break. School is almost over though so that’s a plus!

Cushioned on the finely detailed muscles of a man’s body, there lay a woman’s body. Leaning her head on his shoulders and placing her cheek on his upper chest, Lucia enjoyed the feeling of his hands gently caressing her naked back. His chest was under her palm and she felt fascinated by the firmness of his skin so she put a bit of strength in her hands and poked his skin.

“Starting tomorrow, I will be away from Roam for a few days.”

“Where are you going to?”

“Fiefdom inspection. I plan to look around once or twice a month from now on.”

Although he had fallen for the sweet dream called the newlywed life, he had not forgotten what he needed to do.

“Does a Lord need to do that?”

“Of course. I need to maintain order.”

Those people are type to look for another place to go to if they do not see their master so before that happens, he has to tighten their leash. Although it was fun to observe and pick out the fools who look for another place and warn or deal them, he refrained from making such a coarse expression in front of her.

‘Inspection of the fief...this is something he’s originally been doing.’

Her husband in her dreams, Count Martin, had never once visited his fiefdom and as expected, Lucia had never been there either. However from time to time, she would see people coming from the fief with tax reports and have the report flung on their face and screamed at.

“Will it take long?”

“About three or four days. If it’s a long visit, it can take a few more days.”

‘He won’t be here for a few days.’ Lucia felt somewhat strange.

Even though she’d come to Roam right after they had gotten married and had stayed alone for nearly a month, at some point, it had become natural for her to be near him.

She wondered if she were to say, ‘Please come back soon’, if he would get annoyed.

“Your next tea party is in two days, right?”

Lucia’s second tea party was to be held two days later. It was almost half a month since her last tea party. Because of the success of the first tea party, Lucia was looking forward to the second one, however when she thought about how he wouldn’t be around, her enthusiasm suddenly diminished.

“Yes.”

“I have something to give you. It should arrive tomorrow or the day after.”

“What is it?”

“A gift. I feel that the last tea party present was a bit lacking.”

He was speaking in a calm voice but Lucia’s heart began to throb. His unexpected and sudden gift made her heart flutter.

“Can I ask what the gift is?”

“A necklace.”

As his voice was so bland, Lucia’s heart that was throbbing in expectation cooled down slightly. It was simply a formal gift but here she was having high expectations alone.

Lucia was yet to grasp his simple personality that had never given a gift on his own before or teased someone about a gift.

“Do you perhaps hate jewelry?”

“Is there anyone who does not like jewelry?”

“Then that’s good. Do you have any special plans for when I’m away?”

“The tea party in two days but other than that...”

“So there’s nothing in particular? Don’t think of doing anything abrupt or unexpected while I’m gone. Just stay obediently.”

“What unexpected action?”

“I’m only saying you should be as you always have. And particularly, don’t go outside.”

Lucia wondered why he would suddenly mention going out. Ever since she arrived at Roam, she stayed without ever leaving the mansion. Even if she had stayed out of tolerance, everything she needed was prepared for her therefore there was no need for her to go out and perhaps her personality was boring for she preferred a quiet and unchanging life to a dynamic one.

The entire time, she’d never told him that she wanted to go out so she couldn’t figure out why he would suddenly say something like that.

“Why?”

“Do you want to go out?”

‘Do not step outside my territory while I am gone.’ That was what he really wanted to say.

“No but you never know what could happen. You have to tell me the exact reason so I can make a decision.”

“Since I am not here in my position, my Duchess has to take care of it, right?”

He was pleased with himself for coming up with a pretty reasonable answer. It was not necessary for her to stay in Roam to take care of duties in place of him but Lucia couldn’t find any gaps in his words and just thought it made sense.

“Ah yes.”

Because he hadn’t said anything for a while, Lucia glanced at him and found him staring at her.

“Is there anything else you want to tell me?”

He chuckled and lowered his head, capturing her lower lips, he bit it gently then sucked on it. His wife who listened well to his words with an innocent expression and clear eyes, could not be so pretty. He was already worried about not seeing her for a few days.

Philip watched as the Duke of Taran and his knights left Roam early in the morning. His residence was a corner in the inner part of the outer wall of Roam. The residence of the primary doctor of the Duke was originally a strong one but as the owner changed eight years ago, Philip’s residence was pushed to the outer wall. Apart from the residence changing, the Duke did not treat him ‘specially’ or persecute him.

It would be correct to say that the Duke held absolutely no interest. And when Philip changed his residence, the several medical records of the house that were passed down from generation to generation were allowed to move with him.

Philip never forgot that his life was hanging on Hugo’s narrow compassion. Exactly speaking, it was more payment than it was compassion. The payment on a life debt. Philip admired the cold-blooded duke who did not bleed nor possess tears. The people who knew the secret of the Taran family had vanished without a trace and the only one left who knew the secret was Philip but Philip had never condemned the Duke’s cruelty.

The reason Philip’s family clung desperately to the Taran Duke because of the Taran bloodline crystal. A long time ago, magic was the order of the world. At that time, the Mado Empire ruled the world and the Mado Empire was located at the center of their own very country, Xenon. (1)

There existed a number of ordinary humans and a few nobles who ruled over them. The nobles of the Mado Empire referred to ordinary humans and another race with superior abilities. This race had black eyes and black hair. Other than that, they didn’t look much different from humans but they had abilities much superior and overwhelming to an ordinary human. The Taran family is the last trace of the Mado Empire.

Translator’s Corner:

(1) Refer to Chapter 1 if you have forgotten everything about Xenon.

*haven’t edited yet. Sry if there are mistakes.

< — Ducal couple — > (10)

TN: I put links to make chapter navigation easier and school is officially over!!!! (Until summer classes start lmao). And I changed “Mado Empire” to “Madoh Empire”. It kept bugging me as I was translating.

The nobles maintained their bloodlines by marrying amongst themselves. The Madoh Empire was dominated by magic and only nobility could possess magical powers. Since nobles were born from nobles, they had magical powers from the moment they were born. These few nobles suppressed and exploited the numerous humans. It was as though the nobles were all born the same as they all, without exception, were cruel and merciless. Even if thousands of humans were to charge at one noble, they would be unable to beat the noble. The ruling class was consolidated while the despair of the humans deepened. It seemed like this order would never be broken.

But one day, a meteor from space crashed on the surface. It created a huge earthquake but nobody was hurt because it crashed in a place that was deserted. A few researchers took interest in it but that interest cooled down soon enough. They ended up taking it as a memorable but worthless event. But from that day onwards, the order of the world began to crumble. The atmosphere that was full of magical power dispersed and as the magic that flowed in the blood of the nobles began to disappear, their strength plunged lower than that of criminals. They could not compete against the physical strength of ordinary humans and the humans that had suffered numerous exploitations rose up and banded together.

At first, the humans were afraid but once they realized what they could do with their own strength, they turned into a terrifying insanity and the hunting began. Nobles with black hair and black eyes were all pursued, tracked down and caught. It was to the extent that not even their shape was left as they were crushed or murdered. All traces of the Madoh Empire was burned and destroyed. Books and items that had cost hundreds of thousands were now of no use and were reduced to rubbish. No matter where one turned their head, one could see smoke rising in the distance and the blowing ashes.

The Taran family were nobles but more precisely half-nobles. As they were ostracized amongst nobles because they were labeled as heresies, they lived quietly without the usual nobility ties. This was because in the Taran ancestry, a human’s blood was mixed in. Those of the Taran bloodline were weak in magic and were regarded as the shame of the nobles. However, the day of the unusual event, the blood of the human that lay dormant in the Taran blood awoke and mixed with their blood or rather, it changed their body and brain, making them powerful. Their black hair and black eyes were changed to black hair and red eyes. In a world being rampaged with the madness of the humans, the Taran brother and sister survived. They hid themselves quietly and waited for their existence to be completely forgotten so that they could rebuild their family and preserve their bloodline.

They did not have to wait too long. The destruction of the Madoh Empire only kick-started the world of humans. Humans who had now defeated their common enemy, started to destroy, fight amongst themselves and tear themselves apart. The losers (the nobles) disappeared quickly from their memory. Decades later, the Madoh Empire had simply become an old story and hundred years later, it had become a myth. After a long time, the atmosphere changed again. The magic power in the atmosphere was not restored to the way it was before the meteor fell but it was enough for parts of items from the Madoh Empire that were broken to resume function.

Humans were joyous at the discovery of these Madoh treasures and began to enthusiastically excavate them and with that, treasure hunter became the most popular job. Those of the Taran family that were in hiding, carefully and cautiously, came out of hiding. They brought out their family treasures that they had hidden and began rebuilding their family. It was not long before they began a charismatic and remarkable family with a lot of influence.

Philip was one of the few human descendants that had been with the family since they began to rebuild. Philip’s family existed to fulfill their mission which was to preserve the Taran bloodline. In the time of the Madoh Empire, no children would be born between a noble and a human. It was an irrelevant issue to the nobles but many researchers were curious as to why this was so. After doing several researches, they found the method for conception.

From the standpoint of the nobles, the researchers had done something useless but in the first place, majority of the research they did was useless. Thanks to that knowledge, the distant ancestor of the Taran family was born but even after that, they continued to be interested in this method. They continued their research in secret and built up their knowledge. It was a bit different from common nobles for a half-noble and a human to combine and have a child.

After continuous research and trial and error, they finally found a way of keeping only the Taran bloodline. During the time of the Madoh Empire, this method was never used. Yes, the Taran family were half-nobles but a noble was a noble. Although the ancestry of the Taran family was mixed, apart from that instance, they did not do anything like that again. They married full nobles to try deepen their noble blood and get back into the main circle of nobility. When all the nobles in the world were destroyed, the Taran family was only able to continue its bloodline by marrying humans. The knowledge that was already in the family began to show its usefulness. However, all combinations with humans always resulted in females and they needed males to continue the family.

The solution they found was closely related kin. The head of Taran took his half-sister as his wife and only one son was conceived between them. The son needed a wife to continue the family line. And it was the father’s job to make a bride for the son.

It was necessary to prepare for the birth of the child (the bride) by combining with an ordinary human woman that did not possess the Taran bloodline. For this, they needed a young female that had not yet started menstruating. When the female’s menstruation began, they would be made to take mugwort herb for more than half a year to stop it. In that state, the body is cleansed for around a year. The male of the Taran family who would be the father of the child in the future would then take the virginity of the prepared woman. The woman would then be fed with medicine that weakened the effect of mugwort and their body would be returned to how it originally was.

The time for menstruation to restart varied from person to person; short would be one year and long would be three years. The period until menstruation began was the time for pregnancy. He would sleep with the woman and have a child. If menstruation started and the woman was not yet pregnant, she was considered a failure. Philip’s family was involved with this from beginning to end. As time passed, this knowledge was passed down as the vision of Philip’s family and the head of Taran family was told the specific contents separately. The two families were in a mutual and inseparable relationship.

Philip had watched over the twin brothers from the moment there were born. When the Duke tried to kill one of the twins, he had dissuaded him to leave them in case of future uncertainties. The Duke showed cruel interest in them. Interest in how it would turn out if one grew up with the best background and the other grew up and survived in the worst of conditions. Although the Duke did not stop his child from being sold as a slave to the mercenaries, he always watched from afar. Hugh did not know but when he was young, there were a few times Philip saved his life.

The gentle Hugo that did not inherit the brutal temperament unique to the Taran lineage and the spiteful Hugh that killed people without batting an eye. Philip loved them both but between the two of them, his attachment to Hugh was stronger. To pass down and continue the Taran family line, human blood was mixed in so naturally, the Taran bloodline grew murky. The people of Taran were becoming more and more human-like. In the middle of this, Hugh was born; the perfect sculpture of the Taran bloodline (1). An outstanding body, a nimble brain, incredible mental strength, cold-blooded and ruthless. He was the perfect image of the master of Taran that they had wished for.

The former Duke was the same in that he liked the abandoned son more and he connived to switch them again. However, he was opposed to killing off Hugo. He had some affection for Hugo but mainly it was unprecedented for twins to be born in the Taran family. He did not want to throw him (Hugo) away that easily. However, it was impossible to predict the future. He did not know that some way or the other, Hugo would meet Hugh and learn how to read into the actions of people. He did not know that because they did not know about the existence of the other, the two brothers would meet for the first time in ten years and end up regarding each other as existences more precious than life itself rather than as enemies. Compared to his predecessors who were cruel but coolheaded, the dead Duke of Taran was full of greed. He was different from the other masters of Taran.

The Duke did not forget his mission to make a remarkable child and continue the family line but he did not want to lose the absolute power he enjoyed while he was alive. Greed always led one to downfall. At the time, it was Hugo’s Taran but as Hugh survived and persisted alone, Philip could see hatred and disillusionment in his eyes. Philip could sense that he would soon disassemble the family and break it into pieces. If Damian did not exist, Hugh would definitely have done that. It saddened Philip to see him one day, walk to the end of the world without having given his heart to someone. Philip would never admit it nor would he be believed but he loved Hugo. For the Philip that had no family, the twin brother were like his grandchildren.

[I’m warning you now but don’t you dare try approaching my wife]

And that is why he could not forget the way Hugo looked in that instant. It was momentary but he could feel vigilance and protection from him. It was neither empty threats nor intimidation but the feeling of a mother trying to protect her child. It was the first time Philip had seen him fixated on someone other than the dead Hugo.

‘What kind of person is it?’

It was just pure curiosity. He wasn’t thinking of doing anything nor could he do anything. He just wanted to know how the Duchess looked and what her character was like. He wondered if it would be possible to leave once the Duke left the premises but as soon as he approached the door to the castle, a man appeared out of nowhere and blocked him.

“I will be troubled if you were to go in, Sir Philip.”

Philip let out a low sigh. He did not know someone was watching him.

“Are you monitoring me?”

“As long as you do not enter the castle, your actions will remain unrestricted.”

“Just why? What is the reason?”

“I do not know any reasons. I just follow my orders. If there are any protests, I have been given permission to get physical.”

“... I understand.”

Philip went back quietly. He sat facing the castle walls and licked his lips then he looked to the sky and mumbled bitterly.

‘Do I have to leave again...?’

He never stayed in one place for too long because his heart was never attached to it. It was his wish to meet Damian once in his life, but he had tried before and failed. The Duke would never give Philip the opportunity. Perhaps the Duke wouldn’t even tell Damian the secret of the family and would keep it all to himself.

‘Is it an obsession?’

He had to agree that the desire of his family and their hanging onto the bloodline of Taran was an obsession. Philip’s father, grandfather, and the ones before his grandfather were the same way. It was not that easy to change the idea which he had been infatuated with since childhood till he was an old man. He probably would still be unable to let go of this attachment even when he was on his death bed and closed his eyes for the last time.

Translator’s Corner:

It reads perfect crystal but I think sculpture is more representative of what the author is talking about. I also edited the previous chapter a bit because I got confused when crystal came outta nowhere. Context, baby.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 23
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (11)

TN: Part 2 should be coming in today or tmrw~

Jerome placed a large box wrapped in luxurious velvet on the table. Lucia slowly opened the box with an expectant mind.

“Huk!”

The maid next to her, peeking from the corner of her eye let out a gasped and exclaimed in surprise. It was not just the maid, Lucia was just as surprised. Inside the box was a dazzling, gorgeous looking white diamond necklace with countless diamonds hanging from it. Lucia did not really know the price of jewelry but this could not be simple jewelry, it was a treasure.

Were diamonds common gems? Normal necklaces would have a diamond present in the middle of it, resting on the breastbone, connected to a thin gold string. The diamond would just be an accessory to the rest of the necklace. For this necklace, the main character of the necklace was a huge diamond that made her suspicious if it was really a diamond or just a piece of glass.

She had never seen something like this before. She could guess that even if one of the noble ladies had something like this, they would be too afraid and wouldn’t dare to have it on their necks when they are going out.

She hesitated, wondering in her heart if she should dare touch it then carefully approached and took the necklace in both of her hands. She almost missed its heavy weight the moment it touched her hands.

“Wear it and see, your Grace.”

A maid brought a full-length mirror as Lucia grew more delighted. She fastened the necklace and stood in front of the mirror. The weight of the necklace made her feel as though someone was pushing down on her neck with two hands. Her entire neckline was densely covered with sparkling diamonds.

“It looks really good on you, your Grace.”

Jerome was pleased and lavished her with compliments.

“Just what... is this?”

The necklace she was expecting was a cute or common female ornament not a rare item that seemed to have come from the royal treasury.

“Did he really buy this? As a present for me?”

“His Grace regrets that it took more time than he thought for the gift to arrive. He wanted to give you before he departed for the inspection.”

“This...this is pretty excessive.”

Jerome was bewildered by Lucia’s reluctant response.

“It is not excessive, your Grace.”

“If the recipient feels burdened, then it is an excessive gift. Jerome, if... I were to tell his Grace that I feel burdened, would he be upset?”

“Yes.”

Jerome replied firmly. He had watched as his master chose this gift with quite the happy expression. It was the first time that his master had personally chosen a gift for a woman. In the past, he would only ask Jerome to pay for whatever item the woman wanted.

Jerome did not know if he would make a mistake while talking about his master’s past relationships so he didn’t say anything. He was specially watching his mouth as he had been pretty careless in the past because of Lucia’s inquiries.

“You do not have to feel burdened, your Grace. From his Grace’s standpoint, it is not an excessive gift at all.”

‘My master is wealthy.’ was what Jerome was trying to say that but Lucia took the meaning of his words a bit differently.

That buying this gift was of the same significance to Hugo as buying a hair comb.

Lucia sat in the living room alone as she starred at the box which contained the necklace and fell into deep thought, trying to analyze just what underlying meaning lay behind the gift.

‘It could just be a present to celebrate my first tea party. Since he’s rich, it may not be any different from giving a small ring as gift.’

That was her first theory but Lucia didn’t know that no matter how rich he was, that present was not something he would gift with a light heart. He was only able to acquire it by asking around and even paying a premium on it as the necklace was already won by a royal in another country in a jewelry auction.

Money was money but his efforts were clear. He wanted to give her a special gift. But because he gave the gift in such a simple manner, a small misunderstanding was created.

‘Or...is it for a reward? Since he likes to sleep with me...’

That was her second theory. However the idea of giving her body and being paid like a prostitute made her feel terrible all over.

‘Then, is it something like a habit? He has a lot of lovers so it could just be a routine to give gifts to women.’

That was her third theory. This theory was the same as the last in that in made her feel terrible. Nevertheless, the first theory was the easiest to swallow. She dug through her head but she couldn’t think of any more theories.

She internally excluded the theory that it could be a present carrying a special meaning. Lucia sighed heavily. The gift, so precious that it was a bit difficult to bear, was like a stone thrown into her tranquil and asleep heart, causing a ripple.

Her marriage life with him was very different from her expectations. She had expected it to be dreary but it was full of joy and happiness. He never said unkind or sugar-coated words but still, he was affectionate. He was not snappy nor did he ever say anything that would hurt her feelings and he was not as scary or as ridiculously violent as the rumors had made him out to be.

‘I already promised. I said I would not fall in love with him.’

But her heart kept wavering. Even though she tried to control her heart, telling it, ‘you can’t,’ every time he laughed mischievously, every time his arms were wrapped tightly around her waist and every time his lips heatedly met hers, her heart shook like a reed. She blamed him inwardly as she stared at the necklace box.

‘Why are you doing this? Making someone feel weird for no reason.’

The sound in her chest was deafening, but still, she had been enduring well till now. She was scared that she would one day, without even realizing it herself, cling to his trousers like a leech and then one day, receive a bunch of yellow roses. Simply imagining it was awful.

He was a courteous and refined nobleman therefore he was just treating her with manners befitting to Lucia’s status as his wife. It would be troublesome if she were to misunderstand his kindness. He didn’t seem to dislike her and she knew for sure he liked her body but that was just interest due to physical desire.

‘Come to your senses.’

She took a deep breath.

‘The way you have been till now is just right. Do not waver. Your heart should be made of stone. I can stay with him the way I have been till now.’

It was still okay. Until now, it was still ok.

< — Ducal couple — > (11)

TN: I would like to say I tried my best this chapter.... sigh. （*´▽｀*）

Lucia was wrapping up her second tea party after having an enjoyable time. She had invited only unmarried young noble women for this tea party. A red-haired lady sat in her seat till the end, then walked up to Lucia.

“I am Kate Milton, I greeted you earlier. My grand aunt has told me a lot about you. Ah, The Countess of Corzan is my grandaunt.”

“Ah, I remember now. That day, Madam Michelle boasted of her niece and told me her niece would make a good companion.”

“Are you talking about my grandaunt? That is bit hard to believe. Whenever she sees me, she raises her eyebrows and gives me a fierce look.”

“I’m sure that’s just her showing her affection, Lady Milton. She also emphasized that if Lady Milton does not like me, it would be impossible for us to be friends.”

“In any case, that’s just how my grandaunt is. Now, although I am not sure if I want to have a troublemaker like you as a friend but if by any chance, someone is saying that we should be friends, then I oblige and prostrate myself.” [Kate]

The two women’s eyes met and they both burst into laughter. Kate’s open-minded words really matched her personality as she gave hearty laughter and extended her right hand.

“Please, call me Kate.”

It was Lucia’s first time seeing a noble lady offering a handshake as a greeting. Seeing Lucia’s look of surprise, Kate was startled and withdrew her hand.

“This...apologies. I was disrespectful. It is a habit I have been unable to fix even after my grand aunt’s scolding.”

Lucia chuckled and stretched out her hand. She liked this cheerful and straight forward lady from the get-go. Kate smiled and held Lucia’s hand.

“Call me by name, too.” [Lucia]

‘Vivian.’ She was hesitant to say that name.

As Hugo kept calling her by that name this entire time, she had grown familiar with it and the sense of rejection she had in the past was pretty much gone but she was still uncomfortable with the name. A friend calling her by that name somehow made her feel like she was concealing the real her from the get-go.

“Lucia. Call me Lucia. It is a name from my childhood.”

The two of them quickly became friends shortly after they had met. Kate liked the feminine Duchess and Lucia liked the energetic and cheerful Kate. They both found parts that were missing from themselves in the other.

Afterwards, Kate would often visit the Roam mansion, to chat, have some tea and then leave. Kate was two years older than Lucia and Lucia was complete charmed with the first friend she’d made. It took less than ten days for the two of them to become close friends.

“Could it be that his Grace does not like you going out?” [Kate]

“Ha-ha. It’s not like that. He’s not that type of person.” [Lucia]

If Hugo were here, he would have immediately replied that he didn’t like it. Hugo didn’t control her movement; going out or not; because there was no reason to. There was no need to tell someone who always stayed within the mansion to not leave the castle walls.

“Don’t you get frustrated just staying in Roam?”

“It’s okay. I open a tea party sometimes and just like now, you come to see me pretty often.”

“Ah, don’t be like that, do you want to learn horseback riding? When I take a swift horse ride, I feel all my frustrations dissipating.”

Kate wanted to let the extremely reserved Lucia learn the pleasures of outdoor activity. The world was vast and there were many ways to enjoy oneself.

“Horseback riding? Isn’t that dangerous?”

“Not at all. You’ll know when you see but they are no animals as mild as them. Of course, it can be a bit fast paced in the beginning but as you continually ride, you will grow more familiar. Ah, it is also a good exercise for the body shape. These days, it is the latest trend among women.”

“Is that so...?” Lucia mulled over it for a moment then replied. “I’ll have to receive permission from his Grace.”

“Ahh...okay.”

***

As she stroked his face, her hand trembled, falling, so she tried to hold onto his shoulders but her hands slipped on his sweat and fell to the bed. It wasn’t only her hands as her whole body trembled and quivered in ecstasy.

The man groaned and thrust into her. At the peak of his pleasure, he twitched violently inside her, wrenching himself out and released.

“Ung....Hk!” (gasps)

Her moist eyes filled up like that of an overflowing fountain and her tears poured down her face. She could not focus with the waves of euphoric pleasure passing through her body. She felt as though she were floating in the air and then suddenly sank down, falling to somewhere unknown, like she was falling endlessly to her death.

He grunted fiercely, grabbing her buttocks with both of his hands, and entering into her soaked insides. He went a bit slowly, his sensitive part brushing slightly against her moist flesh as if to feel it out. He moved slowly, moved a bit faster, then moved slowly again, enticing her as he riled her up.

Her insides squeezed and clenched on him, as if it was furiously resisting his invasion. Her exterior was honest as it spasmed, letting him know that her body was approaching its climax. He pierced deeply into her highly sensitive insides with his member.

“Uuck...Hu...please...”

Lucia implored him as she whimpered. He was moving much harder and rougher than before. All her energy had been squeezed out and she couldn’t summon any power. Her entire body was more sensitive so his hands simply sweeping across her skin caused her to ache in excitement.

“Huuu..... what do you want me to do?” (Hugo)

He shifted a little more weight down and thrusted in heavily. His rock-hard penis was not even slightly softer and the movement of his member deep inside of her was also tireless.

As the sexual organs of both of them met, the excitement from the movement and the pleasure that accompanied it were delivered to both parties without delay. But, although Hugo could handle it, Lucia could not.

“Hk! Ahh! No! Stop!”

Hugo looked at the woman who was squirming underneath his body. Her pupils were wide looking somewhat fearful and her eyelashes were wet. He lowered his head and licked the tears that had just fallen out of her eyes.

He captured her slightly open red lips and as he sucked on it, he wove his tongue into the open mouth. It was a short kiss and his tongue lightly caressed the inside of her mouth. Then he started kissing her again.

He suckled, licked, caressed and bit her lips. It was a passionate kiss that did not hide his tender but explicit desire.

“Should I stop?”

Even though he was saying that, he once again pushed inside of her. He was quickly wrapped in her innermost flesh and his breathing grew irregular.

“Hng...yes...”

“Alright.”

Instantly, her teary eyes grew slightly round. The corners of his eyes curved and he laughed lazily.

“Just a little bit more.”

Of course, she should have expected it. She was once again deceived. She felt so wronged that she began to sob.

‘This is dangerous.’

Even though he mumbled that, his facial expression was full of hunger and greed, like that of a hungry beast in front of its prey. As the rims of her eyes grew redder, she began to wriggle around and his lower body immediately reacted.

She felt his provoked member grow more aroused as blood rushed towards it and it became stiffer. When he reached deep inside of her, she frowned and tightly closed her eyes. He laughed contentedly as he observed her reaction that was extremely cute to the extent he wanted to eat up her lips.

He thrust into her, hitting a spot that he knew she liked, causing her body to shudder and she let out a coquettish moan. The words to put an end to it were at the tip of his tongue but her moan was too much stimulation.

“Just one more time.”

She panted as she looked at him suspiciously with her wet eyes.

‘I won’t be deceived this time.’ Was what her eyes were saying. Although it was fun when he led the sex and ate her up when she grumbled and said no, this was really the last time. Her flavor when she tenderly enticed and actively reacted to him was also special.

“You really promised.”

Her eyes appeared very docile. It happened every time but then she would think maybe this time. She had repeated the same mistake more than she could count. She gave him a small nod and the corners of his mouth went up.

‘Ah, really. So cute.’ [Hugo]

“Lie on your stomach and lift your butt to me.” [Hugo]

Her body flinched as his warm member that was wrapped inside of her was swiftly pulled out. She hesitated for a moment looking at his enthusiasm that seemed like it would never end, then obediently turned around and lay on her stomach.

Her white and plump buttocks was distorted in his grasp. He appreciated her appetizing curves that started from her back to her waist, leading to her butt then swiftly thrust into her from behind. Her body instantly trembled intensely.

“Hnnng...”

“Hk! Haa...really. I’m going crazy.”

He couldn’t get enough of her taste no matter how many time he experienced it. Far from getting tired of it, every time he embraced her, it always felt fresh. This woman with such a heavenly taste was his. Nobody was allowed to touch her.

If he could, he would engrave a sign on every part of her body to show that she was his. Lately, whenever he looked at her, in the depth of his eyes, there was a dangerous and possessive aura.

It was a quiet and secret darkness that he would never reveal to her.

Translator’s Corner:

* So, on a scale of one to ten, how did I do in translating the sex scene? XD

I drove to the airport and was gonna wrap this up once I came back buut... I had to start looking up terms for penis and synonyms for genitals and so on and so forth. I love this story hahahahah!

*cough*

Anyways, I hope I made it come across really well. If it was awkward, tell me too. (~‾⌣‾)~

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 24
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: The comments from last chapter made roll over in laughter. Geez guys. Also, for some reason, this week, I kept getting distracted every time I sat down to translate XD. But someone decided to blow up my WordPress feed with likes (I ❤ U btw) so here u go. Just so much to catch up on cuz schl is over. And just in case, Hugh is pronounced “Hue” not “Hog”.

He gently and softly kissed every corner of her face while his hand slowly moved up and down, from her back to her waist.

While he was languidly engrossed in afterplay, a thought came to her mind and she abruptly burst into laughter.

“Hugh, you know, Lady Milton who came this afternoon said something funny.”

“Lady Milton... ah, you mean the daughter of the Baron of Milton.”

The Baron of Milton was a vassal to the duke, a rigid and upright man. It was recognized that he educated his children to emulate his righteous character so he had allowed the daughter of Milton and his wife to interact more frequently. He wanted her life in the north to be enjoyable.

“Yes, she asked if you possibly wouldn’t let me go outside.”

His hand which was caressing her back paused for a moment. Lucia chuckled and continued speaking, not noticing.

“I told her that wasn’t how it was, so she asked me to go horse riding with her.”

Faraway.

“Horse riding?”

“Lady Milton says it’s fun and is a sport. May I learn?”

“...It sounds dangerous.”

“It isn’t that dangerous. She said a lot of women do it.”

“Do you really want to learn?”

He did not like it. He had seen in the past how the appearance of women going riding and then panting afterwards would capture the eyes of men. It was also quite the sight to see a woman in riding clothes these days.

There was nothing more indecent than the way it clung tightly and revealed the body.

In the past, he was no different from other men, in that he thought that it was nice to look at plus he was never one to care for a woman or distinguish who he spent on but that was already a thing of the past.

He never clung to trivial things of the past.

“I can’t?”

Lucia placed her cheek on his chest and pitifully blinked her eyes. In that moment, he barely managed to stop himself from immediately saying that she could do whatever she wanted.

He did not want her to go horse riding. He could not bear to see foolish men leering at her but this was her first request to him since they had gotten married. He didn’t want to see her disappointed look if he refused.

‘A riding place that only women are allowed in... I don’t think there’s anything like that in Roam... I’ll use this opportunity and make one then.’

There was no such place, not only in Roam but in the entire Xenon. This was the moment when the only women-only equestrian (horse-riding) practice field was formed.

The place, which would serve as an important venue for social activities of women in northern high society in the distant future, began with a man’s unwillingness for his wife to be seen.

“Okay. Only if you promised to learn within the castle until you can safely ride to some extent.”

He would make the practice field while she was learning to ride. It would take about a week or so.

If that wasn’t enough time, he would ask her riding teacher to hold her back a few more days. He also had get a horse riding teacher. A female horse riding teacher.

“Yes. So you are giving permission, right?”

“Be careful so you don’t get hurt.”

“I’ll be careful! Thank you!”

She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him. Her concern that he would not allow her was merely just that. He was a reasonable person.

Holding her in his arms, he recalled a while ago when he had gifted her an expensive necklace. For the first time ever, he painstakingly chose a gift for a woman.

He did not know what she liked exactly, but he knew from experience that women loved jewelry so his choice was jewelry. But he didn’t want give her just anything.

His Duchess of Taran definitely had to have something special. He collected information sheets shared among the jewelers to find something special.

But when he found something he wanted, it already had an owner. Once something entered his sight, he was never one to change his mind.

He did not care about how much it was so he sent a negotiator to unconditionally conclude the deal. It took far longer than he had expected for the gift to get to his hands.

His original plan was to gift it and then leave for the inspection but eventually he did not get to see her expression when she received it.

However, he had high expectations of his return. He expected that she would be thrilled with the gift and knew that she would give him a grand welcome on his return.

She had thanked him but her somewhat perfunctory “thank you” did not meet his expectations. She had thanked him, given him a soft smile and greeted him respectfully and he could sense it was not heartfelt but there was nothing to nitpick at.

He felt a bit hurt and embarrassed at the same time.

‘Just why? Wasn’t it a natural reaction for women’s eyes to shine like jewels when they receive jewelry?’

He had put so much care into choosing the gift but she didn’t like it making him wonder just how great it would have to be to satisfy her. But then, Jerome’s words were spectacular.

[She said it was burdensome.]

It was his first time hearing such words after giving a present. Did he have to meet a certain burden level? He was given something new to worry about.

However, her response from simply being allowed to go riding was more passionate that when she had received the diamond necklace.

This was the heartfelt gratitude and thankfulness he had expected. The diamond necklace he had spent a fortune on did not measure up to approval for horse riding.

‘So, money was a no.’

It was a little disheartening as he had once had an idea similar to that. Perhaps that idea would have cost more than what it took to acquire the necklace and build a horse-riding practice field. In his account, the expense was not an expense.

Although he’d solved the problem of horse riding, his honest heart always wanted her to be within his sight.

He was slightly annoyed at the daughter of Baron Milton who put useless ideas in his wife’s head but thanks to her, he knew a bit more about what Lucia liked so it was not entirely bad.

***

Around the time that the equestrian practice field was completed, Lucia was babbling on by the bedside.

“Hugh, I heard that if you head a bit to the east of Roam, there is a pretty large lake.”

“Hmmm it is quite big. Do you want to go see it?”

He had been thinking of making time one day to go out with her and come back.

“I was told there is a boat ride around this time. There are a lot of nobles that have a small boat, do you have one?”

“...I don’t.”

He had never done something like a boat ride. He didn’t have any memories of pertaining in such entertainment.

He had probably heard about it but because he wasn’t interested, he would forget about it.

He didn’t understand how it could be pleasurable to sit in a boat and float on water so he took it as something that men and women, who had nothing to do with their time, would do.

‘I’ll buy a boat.’

He had already forgotten his past self.

He never clung to trivial things of the past.

“Then...since Lady Milton invited me to it, can I go?”

Again, it was the daughter of Baron Milton. He had a bad feeling about all future association with the lady of Milton at the center.

“It is dangerous, isn’t it?”

“I was told there hasn’t been any accidents in the boat ride. Lady Milton confidently said that the boat owned by the Milton family is very strong.”

“When is the date of the boat ride?”

“It’s in four days.”

Translator’s corner:

Sparsely edited. Tell me if u see mistakes. i gotta go do smth rn.

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: SO many ellipses. I sometimes forget to italicize my TN (≧ڡ≦*). Don’t think it makes a difference tho but it’s all about the aesthetics.

An unexpected notice flew in for the Baron of Milton from the Duke’s manor. He read it and inclined his head. Nothing had happened recently so he wondered what this was about.

He suddenly remembered that his youngest daughter had said she was going to be boating a few days later and was taking a boat out of the warehouse.

“You called, Father.”

“Yes. A notice came down from his Lordship’s manor and I think you should see it.”

Kate received the document from her father and read it.

“...regulation of customs? Just what does this mean?”

“Well, I also do not know exactly what the Lord is doing but in conclusion he will be controlling the boating on the lake. There won’t be much difference from the past, just that I need to specify a date to only allow women to go to the lake and control access to the vicinity of lake. I personally don’t have any problem with it. Any parent with a daughter would like it. When did you say you were going boating?”

“In three days.”

The Baron of Milton knew that lately, his daughter was a conversation partner for the Duchess but he didn’t know the exact details.

He did not know that they were close enough to call each other by their names, that Kate was very eager to get Lucia to go out and play, or that she would take Lucia for the boat ride.

As expected, Kate did not inform her family since it was obvious that they would be full of all kinds of worries.

“Oh, the control date is the same, in three days. Anyways, it won’t be affecting you going to play but I’m just telling to so that you know. I ask just in case but you weren’t planning on seeing any silly boys, right?”

“It’s nothing like that.”

Kate walked out of her Father’s office and began muttering.

“...this...what...”

She was going to go boating with the Duchess in three days. Was this simply a coincidence? She didn’t think so.

She’d thought something was strange ever since the women-only horse riding was made.

‘No way... is Lucia being confined?’

But there was no sign of that on the Duchess’ face. She didn’t seem to be living under oppression.

The expression of the Duchess when she had laughed and smilingly said that the Duke had readily agreed to her going horse-riding was not faked or unnatural.

A smile gradually crept onto the face of Kate who was pondering over this.

‘Somehow...this is a little exciting.’

***

It was a few days after the pleasant boat ride.

“Hugh, Lady Milton dropped by today.”

‘That woman again’. Hugo frowned slightly at the mention of this woman he had never seen.

His strange ominous foreboding was proven right. The daughter of the Baron of Milton had given him a significant headache. Now it wasn’t just a feeling but a fact.

“She said there is a fox hunt.”

Fox hunting. The playing of those girls in the name of hunting was blasphemy against hunting itself.

Some chap would catch a fox, tame it and then release it into the forest to hunt for rabbits and it was doubtful if the girls could even touch the dead rabbit.

“There is a regular gathering for fox hunting and I don’t have a fox but I want to watch it. Lady Milton told me she has a fox she’s raised and she could show me how to do it.”

“What will you do if you meet dangerous wild animals in the forest?”

“There is a small community in the forest not too far from the lake, so there are no dangerous animals at all. The biggest carnivore there would be the fox.”

He could get an idea of where she meant from what she was saying. There was a small forest that formed a community, as though someone had planted a handful of seedlings, separating it from other places.

If it was just that wide, he could surround it and control the area. He definitely had to see how the fox hunt operated and also it was safer for her to go amongst only women.

“I can’t?”

Her pitiful look attack was getting stronger day by day.

“...You can go.”

“...Hugh, about Lady Milton.”

He was enjoying touching her soft skin but his forehead wrinkled in response.

‘What is it this time?’

Every time that name came out of her mouth, he felt like he had neurosis.

“What?”

“Her birthday is in three days and she is throwing a party at her house. May I attend? It is a small gathering and she’s only inviting close friends.”

‘She’s going out too often these days.’ It was all because of that tomboyish daughter of the Milton Baron.

Kate Milton was the only daughter amongst many sons in the Baron household. She was their daughter born after four sons and the Baron of Milton loved her whole-heartedly.

Kate was mixed in with four boys due to her father’s leniency with her and became famous for her tomboyish ways. It was rumored that the Baron of Milton was now troubled due to his over-indulgence.

There was no reason for Hugo to be so interested in knowing about the daughter of his vassal but the problem was that she had become a friend of his wife.

Unlike the gentle Lucia, Kate was very active and she was eager to involve Lucia in her activities.

“Why do you have to go to celebrate her birthday?”

“It’s more that I want to visit my friend’s home rather than having to celebrate her birthday.”

Since she wanted to go, she started her pitiful look attack. Hugo who unfortunately couldn’t tear the Lady Milton off from Lucia, felt the back of his head ache.

Still, the birthday party was better compared to events in the past. Since it was a place for only women, he candidly approved.

“Alright, go.”

“And... after the birthday party ends, there is a night party too...”

‘Fucking Lady Milton. Of course, there’s one’. Hugo hurled curses inwardly. Every time he saw the baron, it was at the tip of his tongue to tell the Baron to make sure his daughter stays away from his wife.

No matter how unhappy he was, as Kate hadn’t caused any harm, he couldn’t find any reason to do so.

Moreover, the Baron of Milton was a very loyal vassal. He did not want to deprive Lucia of the pleasure of meeting with her friend.

“Can I sleep there for a day?” (Lucia)

“You are a married woman. Are you saying you will be staying overnight?”

“...as expected, I can’t do that, right? I will just attend the party and come back.”

She said sulkily and readily gave up. She did not pester him about it anymore. Her bed side behavior went in a completely different direction from his predictions.

She had never once pressed him for a gift, advocated or slandered someone but it only made his head hurt more. He’d rather she asked for jewelry. Or go shopping. He had already stopped himself from saying these words he wanted to say several times.

“I will send you in a carriage so return in the morning.”

He released a small sigh and gave his consent.

“I will do that! Do you really agree?!”

“Does leaving your husband alone make you that excited?”

More strength was put into his arms around her waist as they tightened around her and Lucia peeked at him, studying his eyes.

“It’s only one day... you left for three to four days for your fiefdom inspection.”

“That is different.”

“...not really.”

Hugo abruptly caught her pouting lips, biting them. He held the startled and moving chin of hers tightly and pushed his tongue deep into her small mouth. As he rampaged all over her lips and released them, her face flushed and her eyes grew misty.

He turned her body to one side, hugged her body, placed his lips on her neck and began licking her neck extensively while grabbing her bosom.

“Ah!”

“As the days go by, your retorts are increasing. Aren’t you a virtuous wife that believes her husband’s words are like the sky?”

“Ung...but...”

“But what?”

“I was told it’s not attractive...if I behave too virtuously.”

His forehead creased slightly. But still, he had noticed that the frequency of her sharp retorts had recently increased and had to wonder where she heard the nonsense advice that she now had in her head.

“Are you learning seduction techniques?”

“Tech- it’s not a technique.”

“And who is this teacher of yours?”

“...Lady Milton...”

‘Ah...really that damn Lady Milton.’

“The teacher and the student is reversed, isn’t it? The daughter of the Baron of Milton is still unmarried.”

“Lady Milton is a charming lady so I wanted to learn...”

The red-haired Kate was a woman that exuded a charm completely opposite from Lucia. She had energetic features, a confident voice, a captivating presence while carrying a conversation and was never attracted by the courtship of men.

Lucia was envious of all of that. Kate had parents who gave her unsparingly and protective older brothers. She had everything that Lucia did not have.

“Who is learning from who? You are a Duchess. You are at the peak of the northern social status.”

He lay Lucia on her side and embrace her from behind. He kneaded her chest while roughly inserting his center in between her legs and rubbing on her butt.

“It is good to meet up but I absolutely refuse for you to learn the tomboyish ways of the Milton Baron’s daughter. So my wife, don’t lose your virtuousness or I will give you a curfew.” (1)

From behind, he slowly opened her up as his hard penis pushed against her and finally entered. Lucia’s buttocks and his thighs were tightly pressed together. The two bodies became one.

Lucia was the most ecstatic when he began to push his full length inside of her. The feeling of him inside her gave her a sense of satisfaction.

“Unng...”

“You’re doing well. Just continue doing what you’ve been doing.”

“Okay...”

Hugo had no intention of tolerating even the slightest deviation for his wife. In his eyes, she was very gentle and sweet.

Whenever he laid his eyes on her, the peace and comfort that was there, was increasingly captivating to him.

He lifted his upper body and thrusted in repeatedly. It wasn’t a position that penetrated her deeply but he knew that she secretly enjoyed this position and that was because it was less powerful and moderately stimulating.

He pulled out shortly and she let out a moan as she gasped for breath.

Summer was coming to an end.

Translator’s Corner:

I love Kate so much. The way this chapter ended made me think we were entering a new chapter thingy but nope. Still Ducal couple ƪ(˘⌣˘)┐

(1). I guess u could say lady-likeness too here instead of virtuous.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 25
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: And we now have an update schedule! Kinda. Also my translations are being stolen...welp.

Jerome prepared a cup of afternoon tea as he did every day and went into the Duke’s office.

To avoid disturbing his master who was currently engrossed in his work, Jerome tried to leave the tea and leave but the desk was covered in documents and the person supposed to be there could not be seen.

As this was more or less a regular thing these days, Jerome shifted his gaze in the direction he expected his master to go and as expected, the balcony window was slightly open.

He went closer to take a look and he could see the back of a tall man, leaning against the handrail.

These days the duke would start work in the afternoon and then lazy around; something he had never done before.

He would spend a long time standing there and looking down the balcony.

And below was the beautiful picture of her Grace who had recently taken to diligently growing colorful flowers in the garden.

Her Grace frequently went out to personally examine the flowers in the garden and his master would watch her.

Jerome had initially thought that his master’s honeymoon phase would be briefly interesting but now he knew it wasn’t.

If there was a case where the prodigal son marries and starts to change and become a reliable person, then that was practically his master.

This was why one had to live long in this world. Jerome wondered if his master knew that when he was with her, it was as though nothing else was visible, as his gaze was locked onto her.

Surprisingly, her Grace did not seem conscious of his master’s intense and straight-forward gaze. It would seem that her Grace was unexpectedly insensitive.

There was something delicate between the two of them. Obviously, their relationship was good. Her Grace would give his master a pure smile, and his frigid master would warm up when her Grace was around.

Nonetheless, undeniably there was somewhat of an invisible thin wall between them. It was too ambiguous to criticize and he couldn’t speak out hastily on something vague.

It was a new routine to put a brief report on what her Grace did or who she met on his master’s desk so Jerome couldn’t postpone his report anymore. Even more so because it was related to the health of her Grace.

Jerome hesitated a little then approached the balcony.

“Your Grace.”

“Mmm.”

“I have something to tell you about her Grace.”

At those words, Hugo turned his head. He stared at Jerome then walked past him and went inside. But even after waiting a while, he didn’t hear Jerome speaking. Hugo could tell that Jerome was being hesitant.

“What’s so difficult? Talk.”

“...Her Grace has never had her monthly guest.” (1).

Lucia had a promise with Jerome that she would tell the Duke about her body condition together with Jerome.

But as time passed, Lucia was still the same, keeping her mouth shut. Jerome considered that she had forgotten so he reminded her but her Grace had only said that she understood and went back to being silent.

Jerome knew that interfering in this could be exceeding his authority but it was also the task of the steward to take care of his master’s health.

Jerome worried several times if he should urge her Grace even if it was forcibly, to personally tell his master but eventually he decided to tell his master personally.

“Monthly guest?”

“The thing that women go through every month...”

“Ah. Continue.”

Hugo was familiar with the common knowledge of women’s physiological parts but the rest was sleeping at the bottom of his mind.

He had never been with a woman long enough for her to have her period. Moreover, he had never been worried about a woman getting pregnant so he really hadn’t thought about it.

“At first, a maid was concerned as to whether or not her Grace was pregnant but then she was looked at by the family doctor who said that she wasn’t pregnant. According to her Grace, she’s never had a monthly guest and she also refused to be looked at by the doctor for treatment. She said it was something that your Grace already knew about so there was no need for it.”

“She isn’t pregnant so is it something serious if she isn’t menstruating?”

“It is not normal, after all, it would be impossible for her Grace to get pregnant. Her Grace has to have a medical examination for us to know for sure.”

“What does she mean that I already knew...”

[I cannot have a child.]

Hugo furrowed his brows.

“Ha.”

He gave a forced laugh. She had definitely said that. Originally, it wasn’t something one could easily say but she had simply said that she couldn’t have a child as though it was trivial. She had also given a small laugh.

To her, her inability to be pregnant was not a big deal because she couldn’t have a baby anyways. She had spoken like she was telling a big secret but he had simply thought it was interesting.

“Right. I knew about it.”

His head ached like it had been hit with a blunt weapon. There was an uncomfortable twisting in his stomach and he felt an anger within him that he didn’t know what for, couldn’t explain it or even give a reason for it.

“What is the doctor doing?”

“It isn’t an external disease so if her Grace doesn’t speak about it, the doctor cannot diagnose it.”

“Call her now.”

“...Yes, your Grace.”

Jerome could see that his master’s mood had soured so he immediately went away without saying a word.

While standing still, Hugo suppressed his anger and clenched his fists tightly. He then tried to calmly think of where his displeasure was coming from.

She was very much the ideal wife he wanted. She controlled the servants moderately well and did not give him any issues. He had nothing to complain about nor was he uncomfortable.

Recently, she’d had a lot of requests but it was different from the bothersome requests he was expecting.

“Ha, dammit.”

He gave a heavy sigh, cupped his head in his hands and sat on the sofa. This wasn’t normal.

He realized he still had no idea about what she was thinking. All he knew about his wife was what was written in the few reports Fabian gave him.

Their relationship was good. As least he thought so. Their conversations were fun and in the bedroom, they were passionate. But they had never really talked.

Had she ever exposed herself to him? He seemed to have misunderstood that she’d exposed all of her heart to him since she smiled so purely.

Something suddenly came to mind so he called for Jerome and ordered him to bring the details of her spending.

Jerome soon returned with the documents.

“What of the doctor?”

“I sent someone to call her.”

“I’ll be coming along for the examination.”

“Yes, your Grace.”

As he flipped through the documents and checked the details, his eyes grew cold. Apart from the cost of decorating the garden and the cost of throwing a tea party a few times, there was no other history of personal use.

“Has she ever called for a tailor or a jeweler?”

“She hasn’t.”

“Even though she has thrown a few tea parties and gone outdoors several times?”

“There are dresses that were used by former Duchesses of the family and the ornaments that are passed down in the Taran family. The dresses were chosen, mended then worn while the ornaments were returned to the storage room after use.”

He knit his brow tightly. It was a feeling he couldn’t explain. He was angry but he couldn’t explain exactly why he was angry.

‘Wasn’t this what you wanted?’

Those words echoed in his head.

It was.

He married what he had hoped for. A doll-like wife that would only keep her seat as the Duchess.

He needed a partner and for that he needed to marry but husbandly duties were troublesome so, he made a deal. It was a contract.

A contract beneficial to both of them. She had said from that start that what she needed was the title of the Duchess.

Of course, he had thought that she wanted the wealth and power that came with being a Duchess.

It was not very long since they had been married but he knew now. From the beginning, she was not interested in it.

So what exactly was making him so unhappy? Why should it matter if she didn’t want power or wealth? There was nothing for him to lose.

Rather, he should have a toast to this overwhelmingly favorable contract. But he continued to agonize about it.

He wanted to know exactly why he was in such a foul mood. He was feeling as though the ground supporting his feet had collapsed. He felt desperate, he felt anxious. But he didn’t know why he was desperate or anxious.

When he was about to descend into his thoughts again, he heard Jerome’s voice.

“The doctor is waiting.”

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: Just trying out new formatting instead of writing “part”. The new way looks cleaner imo.

The garden was full of floral scents. Lucia walked in the space in the garden then would stand still and close her eyes, the scent seemingly intoxicating.

These days, her biggest job was gardening but she did not personally do any labor. The gardener took care of everything.

Lucia simply made the choice on what flowers to plant, checked if they were doing well and wandered around.

However, even though they did all the work, people would flatter her. It was a bit funny at times.

Looking at the sky, the sun had already gone down and was making shadows. She turned her gaze towards his office.

‘Ah...he isn’t there.’

He was definitely standing there a while ago. His intense gaze on her neck was embarrassing but when it disappeared, she felt disappointed.

It was a complicated feeling.

He often took a break from work to rest in the balcony and Lucia often went into the garden because she wanted to see him.

Her ‘examining the flowers’ was a pretty good excuse. Majority of the time that she saw him was limited to the evenings. It was only around this time that she could see him for an extra moment.

Although they lived in the same place, he was usually far from her reach as he was really busy. Jerome had informed her that he was buried in a pile of paperwork.

He was very diligent lord that would hold a half-a-day meetings with his vassals every three to four days and did not forget to inspect his fief.

Count Matin only knew how to show his face at various parties in the capital and wasn’t concerned about the situation of his fief. She had only found out later but Count Matin’s fief was one of the worst.

Because of the excessive taxes, people would either escape or were caught while trying to escape and were killed. Perhaps the miserable ending of Count Matin was his karma.

Almost every night, Hugo and Lucia would have dinner together, talk, then Hugo would find her in the bedroom. She knew that she should not be greedy for more but she sometimes couldn’t bear the loneliness.

Lucia sometimes felt like she was standing dangerously on the thin ice of a deep lake and would rather have the ice break so she could sink to the bottom.

“Your Grace, I’ve been asked to escort you inside.”

“...By who?” The only person who could ask someone to bring her inside was her husband, the Taran Duke but she still asked the maid.

“His Grace asked me to escort you inside.”

‘Why at this time...?”

Lucia followed the maid inside with an uneasy heart. There wasn’t only one person waiting for her in the receiving room on the second floor.

In addition to Jerome, there was the family doctor, Anna. The moment Lucia saw Anna, she had an inkling of what was happening.

Afterall, not too long ago, she’d been acting like she didn’t know what Jerome was talking about. She knew that Jerome would one day tell Hugo. However, she didn’t think that Hugo would go to the extent of summoning the doctor and coming along with her.

Although, truthfully, it would have been a bit disappointing if he hadn’t shown any interest.

Looking at Lucia who stood at the door like an uninvited guest, Hugo’s expression hardened and he took big strides, approaching her. As his tall and large frame suddenly appeared in front of her, Lucia was momentarily shocked.

“Why...” He started speaking with repressed expression but stopped and grabbed her hand. He dragged her to the sofa and then sat beside her.

Anna slightly turned her head to peek at the ducal couple. It was her first time seeing the couple together up close, side by side.

She had had her doubts about whether the rumoredly terrifying knight-born Duke and the quiet and fragile-natured Duchess would look good together but seeing them together this way did not paint an awkward picture.

‘To be attacked by someone that big, her Grace must have it hard.’

From Anna’s perspective as Lucia’s doctor, she inwardly criticized the Duke that was ignorant of his own strength.

“Your Grace, I heard you have not had your monthly guest the entire time you’ve been here.”

“...That’s correct.”

Lucia was uncomfortable with this situation. She had personally made the choice to be infertile and had never bothered to look for treatment as she knew she could treat it by herself at any time but this situation made it seem like she was a patient with a deadly disease.

“You never had your first menstruation?”

“...I had my first menstruation.”

“Then when did you stop menstruating? Were you hurt or ill before it stopped? Does anything feel wrong inside?”

“...”

“Wife, explain it properly to the doctor.”

Lucia was surprised at his voice which sounded firmer than usual. Turning her head to look at him, she saw his cold red eyes, watching her. For some reason, he didn’t give off a good feeling.

“...I took the wrong medication when I had my first period.”

“What medicine did you take? Did you feel poisoned?”

“I don’t really know what medicine I took and I don’t know about being poisoned. It didn’t hurt and till now, I haven’t been able to see anything strange with my body.”

Even when Lucia was looking for doctors in her dreams, those doctors could not properly figure out her symptoms. Even if she explained everything to Anna, it didn’t seem like Anna would figure it out but Lucia still hid her symptoms as much as possible.

This female disease was a delicate one. If the patient did not explain it properly, the doctor could not find an answer. Even more so if it was a disease the doctor had never heard about before.

No matter how many times Anna dug through her memories, she had never heard of symptoms where someone’s menstruation stopped after they took medicine.

“Your Grace, can you retrace your memories a bit more? What did the medicine taste like? For what reason did you take it? How much of it did you take? And what was the color and shape of this medicine?”

“...I don’t know. It happened when I was young and had no knowledge of medicine so I don’t remember anything.”

Hugo who had been sitting still, listening to the conversation, suddenly turned his body and stared at Lucia.

“Talk with me for a bit.”

He then made a gesture to the people standing around.

“Everyone get out.”

Translator’s Corner:

*Cuteness overdose in this first half. SOS.

*Second half, I was overcome with awkwardness. I know this is set in like the feudal times and what not but I would be AWKWARD AF if I had to talk about my period with people around. *shivers*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 26
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: I love love love this chapter. Going back to old formatting just cuz.

As the words left the Duke’s mouth and he looked at them, the people around quickly flooded out of the receiving room, leaving Hugo and Lucia alone.

There was a brief silence between them as they sat side by side on the sofa. He suddenly realized that this was the first time they had ever been together at this time and in this way.

“Why did you lie?”

“...I did not lie.”

“You are hiding the truth from the doctor, aren’t you? Not saying it is the same thing as lying. Why are you trying so hard to lie when you can’t lie properly?”

‘How did he know?’ It was as though he was reading her mind when he looked at her.

He wrapped one arm around Lucia’s waist and pulled her into his arms then spoke like he could see inside of her.

“Your expression says ‘how did he know?’. You can’t lie, it’s too obvious.”

Lucia simply wanted to escape from this situation. She twisted her body as she pushed away from him and stood up from the sofa.

“...It’s a busy time for you at work yet you were interrupted. I’m sorry to have bothered you.”

He watched the standing Lucia silently for a moment as he remained on the sofa then spoke fiercely.

“Do you blame me for being here?”

“You don’t need to be worried.”

“What?”

“I won’t get better anyways.”

He caught her wrist, pulling strongly and Lucia couldn’t help but fall into his arms.

She tried to struggle and get up but one of his hands held her arm in one place while the other hand held her chin, forcing their eyes to meet.

“What do you mean by that? Why should I be relieved if you won’t get better?”

“Didn’t I tell you from the start? That I cannot have children.”

Watching her wavering amber eyes, his red eyes also wavered.

Lucia twisted her chin and shook off his hand. His hand which awkwardly hung in the air for a bit, fell down.

She also moved and pulled out her arm which was held in his. Hugo felt bewildered in the face of her rejecting reactions.

“You weren’t interested nor did you ask why.” (Lucia)

“...”

“Why are you suddenly curious?”

He had only asked if she could prove it.

After that, he never asked if she truly could not have a child or if somewhere in her body was ill. Lucia thought that he had completely forgotten about it.

That his interest in her was only to that extent.

Therefore, it was pitiful that as the days went on, she could only continue to hope that her heart that was running to him would harden.

“Suddenly, huh. Is it bad for me to be curious?” (Hugo)

“Then I’m grateful.”

“...Don’t say it like that.”

“I apologize.”

Looking at her appearance as she gave short and icy answers then shut her mouth like she wouldn’t say anymore, his red eyes enlarged and flared up.

She was doing things she’d never done before and it was poking his nerves. He did not want to raise his voice as it was not a big deal anyways so he spoke in an even calmer voice.

“Vivian, do you want to quibble over something of the past?”

Lucia’s chest sank in disappointment.

‘If you call it something of the past then I can’t say anything.’

For him, it was just something of the past. Lucia just quietly shook her head.

“Right now, I am concerned about your body so, explain the exact symptoms to the doctor and get treated.”

His tone was even more affectionate than usual.

Even though she knew that he didn’t really have things like kindness or tender affection, every time she heard his affectionate voice, she would be entranced as though she had heard a love song then would wake up like she had been doused with cold water.

“I don’t want to do that.”

“Why?”

“If I do that, you would be troubled.”

“Why would I be troubled?”

“Because you don’t want me to have children!”

Her voice suddenly grew loud.

“...”

For a moment, Hugo could not say anything. It was not that he didn’t want her to have a child but that he did not want to continue his bloodline itself.

And as to whether she could have a child or not, pregnancy was impossible.

But to make her understand that, he would have to tell her about many things that were hidden.

However, he did not want to dig into his memory and talk about those things again. To him, those things weren’t just past events but a chilling nightmare.

Staring at Hugo who went silent, Lucia took his silence as confirmation and tried not to let her emotions get out of control.

“I misspoke. Accurately speaking, you’ve never had any interest.”

It was her intuition as a woman. He never wanted a child from her.

Despite that, his actions were contradictory as he never used any contraception. Lucia was rather bitter in that regard.

He wasn’t even that concerned about it.

She wondered what kind of attitude he would have if she had gotten pregnant by chance.

Whether he would take the child away, have no interest in the child or perhaps turn around and never look for her again.

Whatever choice it was, they were all terrible.

“About having no interest...” (Hugo)

‘Isn’t that you?’ Hugo mumbled inwardly. She had not even once, asked him about Damian. But, no matter how brazen he was, he knew he did not have the right to question her about that. He was married to her because he needed a mate not to take care of his son, they didn’t have a contract for that.

“I didn’t know you hoped for me to be interested.”

Lucia’s heart sank down heavily in her chest. Somehow, looking at him, he seemed tired.

‘No!’

Already, from the moment he said that he could see through her lies, she had been full of anxiety.

Her nerves were on edge, thinking that her heart could also be read.

If he were to have an inkling of it and say something cruel like what he had said to Sofia Lawrence at the victory party that day...

‘My heart will burst. It would hurt so much that I’d rather die.’

He was a man that was tender to a woman as long as she kept a reasonable distance.

Just like he’d done for her, how many lovers in the past had he smiled with and given presents to?

It was because of this tenderness that those women, when they were notified of their break up, could not throw away their lingering attachment and clung to him.

‘I don’t want to become one of his past women.’

It would be good to live like this forever. Just like this. A fully materialistic life. A husband that gave her tender smiles and held her passionately every night.

She would not be greedy for more. Her sweaty fists were clenched tightly.

“I...don’t hope for anything. I have not forgotten my contract with you.”

< — Ducal couple — > (12)

TN: Last one for the week. This one is finished anyways so here you go~

Lucia hoped to look natural as she avoided his gaze and drew back a little from his arms but he was watching her sharply.

“Ha. Right. The contract.”

He gave a fake laugh and frustratedly swept through his hair.

It seemed to be only him that thought of forgetting about the contract and pushing it to a corner. She was obviously still strongly bound to its tenacious ropes.

“I can enjoy freedom in my private life and you would keep the door to your heart locked. That was our contract, right?”

He once again narrowed the distance that she tried to make as he grabbed her waist and pulled her in.

In this way, Lucia’s efforts were very easily undone. She was once again positioned in his embrace.

“But did you know? We didn’t decide on what would happen when someone does not keep to the contract.”

“Are you worried that I won’t keep to the contract?”

“Really, why are you like this? Why do you exaggerate my words like that?”

“...I’m sorry. I guess I twisted it a little.”

For a while, Hugo looked at his wife who seemed unfamiliar. It was not his usual wife that listened obediently.

Moreover, she kept avoiding his eyes showing rejection and separation.

‘The first time I met her...I didn’t say any word of support but she just went ahead and spoke.’

Perhaps, this was also her.

There was no way he could have seen sides of her that she never showed to him.

He originally didn’t like the fact that their conversation was being prolonged but he was rather pleased to see a new side of her.

It felt like he could see the real her for a moment other than the sight of her gently smiling and laughing.

“If I...give up on my freedom in my private life... will you also release the lock on your door?”

“...Huh?”

Lucia’s eyes grew round as she looked at him.

She couldn’t understand what he intended to do by saying that. Was this a trick of a playboy? He—

“I mean...”

He had an awkward expression as the slurred the ends of his words.

“Get treated.”

Lucia was disappointed at the change of topic.

“I don’t want to.”

“Vivian!”

“I cannot have a child so it’s okay for me to be unable to get one. But if I get treated, is it okay for me to have a child? Will you allow it?”

“...”

He sighed and massaged his temples with his fingers.

Even if her body got better, she couldn’t get pregnant. His Taran bloodline made it impossible for him to get just any woman pregnant.

Without fulfilling the conditions, the bloodline of Taran would not grow in any woman.

That was why he enjoyed himself with several women and never worried about the dangers of impregnating them.

Only a normal woman, one that did not possess the blood of Taran, could meet the conditions to conceive the blood of Taran but as to what those conditions were, only the old man knew.

He drove the old man to live outside the castle walls and looked through the documents he had but there was nothing related to that.

Maybe it was just in the old man’s memories or maybe there was another document about it, hidden somewhere nobody knew about. And so, to find out, he had simply and easily caught the old man and beat him up.

The old geezer that had claimed he wouldn’t divulge the secrets of his family and held on without speaking, opened his mouth once he was imprisoned and realized that he would never see the sun again.

[The male of the Taran bloodline who will become the father of the child has to administer his blood for over a year to the woman and then deflower her.]*

It really was a sickening condition. That condition also had to be completed before the woman was deflowered.

His wife was already on the wrong path. Even if it was possible to get pregnant regardless of such conditions, he never intended to leave a successor behind.

Just imagining an existence left in the world with his blood made him feel like he had steeped in shit.

Even though he was not at risk of impregnating anyone, it was his habit to ejaculate outside as he hated the idea of descendants that resembled himself.

But he unexpectedly met her. She was different from the start. Why was she an exception?

She was the first to make him hug, release into her and enjoy the after play. He had felt the satisfaction at planting his seeds inside of her.

He acknowledged that his indifference had hurt her. Under normal circumstances, she was very likely to be pregnant.

He had forgotten that she couldn’t have a child and did not show any concern as to whether or not she was pregnant.

Her words asking why he was suddenly curious was full of resentment and bitterness.

It was fragmented information but being able to see her wounds sent a tingling sensation around his heart.

“If I get treated, I want to have a child. Even so, is it okay?”

She cannot get pregnant anyways. He could tell her that she was allowed to have any amount of kids she wanted.

That any amount she wanted was good. If he said that then she couldn’t blame him afterwards if they didn’t have any children.

However, he didn’t want to deceive her that way. Even if he couldn’t say the truth, he didn’t want to lie to her.

“...I don’t need a child.”

“If it is because of the succession issue, then I can write a memorandum. I don’t care if I have to sign a contract that excludes my rights to succession.”

“It is not because of that. I...I don’t want to leave my mark.”

“You already have a son.”

“That one—!”

There was too much to explain for that. The only one left who knew that he wasn’t Damian’s biological father was the old man.

There was no end to it once the dam was opened. He did not want to share the secrets of Taran with anyone.

He was not going to tell Damian either. He would embrace that knowledge alone and bury it with himself.

“He is...He’s a little different. You...I didn’t know you wanted a child that much.”

He realized that he really had only been looking at her exterior. He didn’t know what was inside her heart at all.

“I’m sorry. I know the wife you want should not be such a woman.”

“Vivian.”

He sighed heavily.

“I don’t mean to criticize you. I just didn’t know so I am surprised.”

“When we first talked about marriage, you said you don’t care if I bear a child.”

“That’s...”

It wasn’t that he didn’t care but he knew that she couldn’t get pregnant anyways and he didn’t feel like explaining it, after all at the time, he only needed a mate. A wife was just a freebie.

“You said you wouldn’t divorce me.”

Instantly, he became alert, his eyes flared and he snarled.

“Divorce? That’s impossible.”

Hearing the word ‘divorce’ come out of her mouth, his insides gradually began to boil.

“I told you from the start. No divorce. I definitely said that even if I die, you won’t be able to escape.”

“I know. The tradition of the Taran family. Of course I remember. But there is no tradition of not having children.”

“A child or a divorce. As you asking me to make a choice?”

Her amber eyes trembled intensely.

Lucia turned her head away from him as her eyes stung as if tears would fall. To her, his words seemed to be asking her instead to choose one of the two.

“I...didn’t mean it like that.”

“Vivian, why can’t we keep being like this?”

“It is just my greed. I wish to have someone with me when I am alone.”

“Why would you be alone?”

“Surely, you aren’t saying that you will be with me forever?”

“...What?”

Looking at his expression akin to someone hearing a foreign language, something lit up from deep within Lucia’s heart.

His manner of speaking too, as if to pacify her, was irritating.

‘Even though he had no interest in what I think! Even though all he wants is an adequate and comfortable wife to push to the side!’

She wanted to see him wounded and hurting.

Even if she couldn’t make him hurt no matter what she did, then at the very least she wanted to make it awkward and difficult for him.

Such wicked thoughts uncontrollably rose in her heart.

“You don’t love me and I will never love you. So, what is there between us? How long do you think this type of relationship will last?”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 27
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (15)

‘So what?’

Lucia expected him to answer that way.

Or say ‘What do you want me to do?’, ‘Wasn’t that the case from the beginning?’

She expected him to have a cold expression as he answered in an unfeeling manner. She worried frantically if she could return an answer even colder than what his reply would be.

Truthfully, she did not want to hurt him. She initially thought that was really how she felt but she realized that she truly did not want him to be in pain.

Lucia’s heart sank as she watched as a moment of inexplicable despair appeared on his face. She watched as the steel-like man expressed his pain in such a way.

He struggled to breath like a fatally wounded animal then he slowly closed his eyes and opened them.

Her heart desired to reach out to him and comfort him but her body was frozen at the sight of him.

She couldn’t wrap her mind around it as the hands holding her tightly trembled.

She couldn’t make herself move or say anything and it stayed like this for a short while.

He laughed bitterly then stopped and in that moment, it all disappeared like a mirage and his expression returned to its usual somewhat deadpan state.

The momentary glimpse of his emotional state before it disappeared like an illusion made her feel both confused and frustrated.

It made her feel as though she was trampling a soft cake.

“...Right. You already see the end.”

His voice was much calmer than it was cold.

‘He...’

Lucia felt like she had truly seen him for a short moment.

His always cold expression and tone was his armor. His coldness was not because he didn’t feel anything but to hide himself so he wasn’t exposed.

“Just now...” “What?” She wondered if she could have possibly dreamt for a while.

Even though she saw it, she couldn’t believe it. Looking at his current expression, it made it seem like she was truly mistaken.

As she continued to silently stare at him, he opened his mouth and spoke.

“I see. It was finished from the start. This is what you meant when you asked me to send you a rose flower, right?”

When he mentioned rose flowers, Lucia’s blood ran cold and she returned to reality, taking a moment to scold herself.

She was currently at a significant crossroad with him. What had started as her grumbling had at some point become something that was too late to turn back from.

“Yes... you’re right.”

She didn’t want to cling to an invisible ending so she asked him to wake her up with a rose flower.

She felt that if he announced their end by sending a rose flower, even if her senses had flown away for a bit, the shock would get her back to her senses.

“If you receive a rose flower from me, what were you planning on doing?”

Thinking that he was perhaps sounding out her feelings, her heart cooled down. She quickly took control of her slightly indecisive heart.

“That... I haven’t planned on doing anything. As you said, that would be the end. There is nothing after the end.”

“There...is nothing.”

He quietly repeated her words then spoke up.

“Is your condition unbreakable?”

“...Yes. I already promised you that I would not break it.”

Her love was a love where it didn’t matter to her if it got returned or rewarded.

Lucia never wished for that. Even in an estranged parent-child relationship, one sided love existed.

It was an impossible love between both of them.

Even if one initially starts out with self-satisfaction, someday, one start to wish for the other to answer, and the feelings for the one that does not answer slowly begins to turn to hate.

In this way, Lucia gradually hated him but she did not want to be eaten up by that hatred.

“...”

Hugo knew he was being excessively greedy. Her words were correct. He knew he couldn’t return her feelings but he was shamelessly greedy for her heart.

He found out more about her in this brief conversation than he found out in the few months that they had been married. He had been indifferent.

She did not show it but he had no right to be angry.

There was nothing about her physical condition in the report that Fabian, his very capable investigator, sent after researching for about a month or so.

The fact that she could not have a child was a secret that no one else knew but she had confessed it to him.

She already revealed a part of her heart to him a long time ago, but he threw it away. He brushed aside the hand that she had cautiously held out to him a long time ago.

“There will be no divorce.”

“...Okay.”

“You are my wife.”

“...Okay.”

“No matter how it ends, you cannot change our relationship.”

“Okay.”

Her short and submissive answers were irritating his feelings. He grabbed her shoulders and knocked her down. Her body lay on the sofa displaying no resistance as he towered above her.

“Do you know what your answers mean?”

His hand grabbed her chin and his fingers slowly caressed her soft lips.At his mellow touch that held sexual desire, her eyelashes shook.

He was saying that regardless of her feelings, if he wanted, she had to open her body to him. Lucia avoided his gaze and replied while staring at the air.

“Yes.”

Hugo stared at her with his deep red eyes as his heart softly sank.

‘Excellent! You got yourself a perfect wife.’

He ridiculed himself. Just as he had hoped, he got a wife that was just like a doll. She was his. She was his wife.

But what he really had was her shell. And from now on, he had to continue living with and embracing this doll-like wife.

She kept a shell of herself here and hid her true self somewhere he couldn’t reach. But what was the problem? That what he had in his arms and what he could see was simply just a shell?

But it wasn’t about her heart. Even if he had her heart, what could he do with it?

He could hold onto her and keep her by his side for as long as he wanted without it. Just because he didn’t have her heart didn’t mean she was going anywhere.

Suddenly, Hugo realized something he couldn’t see before. He realized the reason for the anxiety and despair that had overcome him before.

Anxiety because she wasn’t greedy for anything he had and left no traces therefore she could leave without any hesitation. Despair because he couldn’t open her heart which had been shut tightly.

No, the real anxiety and despair that he felt were not from these things. It was anxiety and despair about his wavering self.

Before he even realized it, his heart was in her hands. The worst outcome he never wanted had crept up on him.

After he became the Duke, he had thoroughly followed one principle. Only give back as much as you receive.

That was why he rejected the love that women gave to him; he could not return it.

Love and Hatred.

He had gone through all the extreme emotions a human being could possess, that was how he learned how to damage other people.

Hatred towards the dead duke and love for his blood brother. Love and hatred seemingly have no relation but they crashed onto him as though they were one.

He barely had any will then and despaired at his powerlessness. He was just a wild beast that lived as Hugh, not knowing anything.

His only worry then was how to kill his enemies and survive. From when he woke up in the morning till when he slept in the evening, it was only about his survival.

He met in brother and in the process became a human but he had to pay the price of learning emotions.

He loved his brother but because of that, he let his brother’s life be controlled by the former duke.

His hatred for the dead duke soon became hatred for the Taran blood flowing within him once he learnt of its secrets after the Duke died.

No entity should be able to sway him.

The feeling of not being able to do things of his own will was sickening. It was already enough for him to experience the breathlessness and fear of losing his brother.

His heart had to be unshakeable and his mind, firm. He must not make anyone a special existence therefore her heart was not the problem.

The problem was his heart.

He had considered it simple curiosity and desire but his heart mocked him.

[You’ve fallen in love.]

‘No. That isn’t possible.’

He was swayed by her. He was starting to become afraid of losing her. He had reached such a pathetic state because of one woman.

He couldn’t understand it. He couldn’t accept such a conclusion. He rose from the sofa with huge motions and began to walk back and forth.

Translator’s Corner:

For those that donated, you should already be refunded. Thank you so much!

< — Ducal couple — > (15)

TN: Here you go... the angst oml. And a BIG shout-out to my first ever patron, Paula!

Lucia looked at the somewhat restless man and slowly lifted her body, sitting up. It would seem that today she got to see sides of him she had never seen before.

His restlessness did not last long. He quickly stopped, looked at her and spoke.

“Get treated.”

And they were back to where they started. Lucia heaved a long sigh.

“Tell the doctor exactly what your symptoms are and receive a prescription. You have to know what the symptoms are and why you are this way, don’t you?”

“I could be pregnant. Is your decision that you don’t need a child changing?”

When he went silent, Lucia felt like screaming. ‘Just leave me alone! I would rather you were just interested in my body like you have been!’

“...there is no way a child will happen.”

“What you mean is... we will sleep separately?”

Lucia defiantly stared straight ahead, locking her eyes with his. He opened his mouth as though she had said something useless.

“Why do you think that’s only for making a child? You enjoy it too.”

“Don’t change the point. If I get treated and you keep coming into my bedroom, what would you do if I get pregnant? That’s what I want to know.”

“If so, it wouldn’t be my child.”

He spat out those words without hesitation and realized his mistake after the fact.

He said that because he already knew that pregnancy was impossible but as long as he concealed the truth, no matter who heard his words, they would seriously misunderstand it.

He regretted his words as her expression was already going terribly pale.

“Do you mean... you won’t admit that it is your child? Or... you will conclude that I was unfaithful?”

It was cruel. He ripped her heart to shred with his words.

Lucia once again recalled when she had overheard him and Sofia Lawrence’s conversation at the victory party.

At that time, his words were like a merciless blade as they cut into Sofia Lawrence.

Hugo knew that his words had hurt her a lot. That he had to apologize and comfort her.

However unlike his seemingly casual outward appearance, his inner self ran amok with confusion and anxiousness.

He couldn’t even understand his own feelings. He had gotten sick and tired of the situation itself.

Of her stubbornly persisting self and of himself that couldn’t tell the truth.

For the Hugo who disliked the complex situations and handled everything easily, this tangled situation and his feelings was overwhelmingly tiring.

“What I mean is...”

He began, stopped for a moment then continued, mumbling stiffly.

“For treatment...do as you please.”

He turned around and left the receiving room. In no time, Lucia was left alone in the quiet receiving room, collapsing into the sofa.

Silent tears began to stream down her face. That night, he did not come to her bedroom.

***

The meal was prepared for only one person. Seeing this sight, Lucia felt disheartened but she sat down without saying anything.

But still, the spacious dining room seemed even more spacious.

“My master recently has a lot of official business to attend to.”

Jerome, as though giving an excuse, explained why the Duke had again not accompanied her for dinner.

“I see. I am worried he will harm his health so I hope you will look over him even more.”

“Yes, your Grace.”

Lucia had been eating dinner alone for a week now and he did not visit her bedroom at all.

She had also not been able to see his face for a few days.

He told her he was very busy. That he would be working all day in his office and would just have his meals there.

But Lucia’s senses told her that he was avoiding her.

He had once been busy and stayed in the office till Lucia fell asleep but at that time, he came in at dawn, grabbed her and slept.

Now, a week had passed. When she looked back at it, it was only a week but if felt like ages.

He was busy with work and had no time to think about a woman. Nothing seemed to be wrong but this week could become a month and then a year.

‘My head hurts...’

She habitually chewed her food but she did not know how it tasted. After she finished eating, she visited to Anna for headache medicine and went into her bedroom.

When she opened her eyes in the morning, she felt a little better but when night came and she lay in bed, it was the beginning of torture as she could not sleep with all kinds of thoughts going through her head.

‘Why did you do that? You ruined it.’

She blamed herself. ‘Why did you cause so much trouble?’

The reason she married him was for a peaceful and comfortable life. It was not for his affection.

From the start, she made a contract with him. She never had the shrewd thought of making the contract and denying it later.

‘He’s the bad one. It would have been better if we just remained a formal couple.’

She held some resentment towards him.

If he did not treat her so affectionately, her determination to live the rest of her life this way would never have been broken.

Now, his attitude cut into her like a knife and plunged her heart into hell.

‘You chose this. You promised to never regret this.’

She once again reproached herself. Why was she suddenly greedy when she gave up on having a child from the beginning?

She didn’t know the value of what she had and became greedy, losing it in the process.

Until recently everything was perfect. She ruined it.

No matter how much Lucia turned, she couldn’t sleep.

She sat up and curled her body into a ball, wrapping her arms around her knees. She couldn’t make her gaze fall on the bedroom door that never opened.

As time went on, her heart fell apart even more.

Translator’s Corner:

This one makes me sad. Some part of me is starting to wish she never fell for him in the first place but... gah! so conflicted. I love Hugo toooooooo. Such a misunderstood cutie pie.

Ok, I’m done.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 28
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (16)

TN: So flat translation for this name is Ashin. I am considering changing it to Ashen for more ‘english’ vibes but what do you guys think? And a HUGE shoutout to my second ever patron Tofu!

He quickly read through documents and signed below them. For things that needed to be looked over separately, they were marked and placed to the side.

On the left were things that he had to process and ones the right were also things he had to process, piled up together.

No matter how much his eyes felt like falling off and he massaged his aching head, going through the papers, he couldn’t see the bottom of the pile of documents to his left.

At one point, he flung the pen away and leaned backwards to rest. Even though he closed his eyes, his head was full of things he needed to do.

He was fed up with it. He wondered how much more of this he would have to do.

‘Maybe 10 more years? Come to think of it, how old will that boy be in 10 years?’

He would be 18. At that age, he would just be graduating from the Academy. If so, it won’t be in 10 years. Maybe in about 15 years?

That boy wasn’t a dim-witted child so if he was taught for about 4-5 years, he would become useful.

’15 years, huh...’

Even the minimum amount was way too far.

‘I have to do this crap for 15 more years...’

As it was raining, he looked outside the window, staring at the dim sky. It had been raining since morning.

At first, he never looked outside the window but eventually, three days ago, he stole a glimpse of Lucia walking through the garden without going to the balcony.

He didn’t realize how unbecoming his behavior was and only grumbled about not seeing her because of the rain.

‘If I don’t see her now, I don’t get to see her at all.’

He mumbled irritatedly then stopped himself with a chuckle.

‘You are so pathetic. Why don’t you just go and take a look?’

It was not far, he just had to go down the stairs and walk for a bit. At this time of the day, she was usually in the receiving room on the first floor.

The way she lived was monotonous and simple but it was regulated as she had things scheduled to do at almost every hour.

She didn’t seem to want to go out these days so he knew her schedule more than he knew his own schedule.

‘I am doing the stupidest things.’

He was now avoiding his wife. To be more precise, he was running away from his own heart.

‘Love? How absurd.’

He continuously denied it. His heart should only belong to himself. He would never waver because of someone else.

Even with such confidence in himself, he didn’t have the courage to meet her. He felt like if he met her, everything would crumble down in a moment.

With the excuse that there was a lot of work, he stayed late at night in his office, dealing with documents.

After which he left the office and slept in his own bedroom that he had not used in the last few months.

‘I can do well without her.’

That was his excuse to keep going. His rationality called him a loser and a coward but he ignored it.

The first one or two days were fine.

‘Right. There is no way I am being swayed by a woman.’

He had felt elated like an immature child. But it didn’t take long for such confidence to disappear.

As time went by, his mood gradually declined and the contents of the documents failed to enter his head making his work speed drop.

Even though he spent the same amount of time on them, because the efficiency was lower, his working time grew longer.

He was uncomfortable with his current state that was very different from what he was used to and the work in his hands entered this vicious cycle.

But he still didn’t want to admit it. He was denying his withdrawal from her, and persisted in his stubbornness.

Unfortunately, there was no one around him to pull his ears and scream out the facts to him.

“Your Grace.”

The moment he heard that familiar voice from outside, annoyance swiftly swelled within him. The owner of that voice always brought a lot of work for him.

And as expected, once the owner of the voice entered, it was not a baseless notion.

Ashin, one of the Duke’s secretaries, the administrative officer, entered found Hugo fiercely looking at him, making his hairs stand on end but he stayed firm and placed a pile of documents on the left side of Hugo’s desk.

Spitefully looking at the sight of Ashin furtively going away, Hugo spoke curtly.

“When is that boy’s vacation?”

Ashin was confident of being able to answer whatever question thrown at him, anytime, anywhere but he started sweating at the Duke’s unexpected question.

Fortunately for him, his mind was clear so he found the answer without pause.

“...I do know he doesn’t have any vacations.”

There was only one person that would make the Duke talk about vacations. The one who was appointed as successor and the only son of the Duke, Damian Taran.

Accurately speaking, he was the illegitimate child of the Duke but unless one wanted to die, they wouldn’t say such words in front of the Duke.

No one amongst the Duke’s vassals mentioned Damian in the presence of the Duke.

‘They were still the same, doubting the possibility...’

They all thought that it could change and hoped for that change, after all the Duke was still very young and had just gotten married.

There were many that did not understand the illegitimate child becoming the Duke’s legitimate heir.

However, Ashin was convinced that as long as there was no unexpected event, the successor of the Duke’s name would be the illegitimate young lord.

This was something the Duke had gathered his vassals together and announced and the Duke had never once gone back on something that he had said.

The event of succession to the Duke send a huge ripple through the entire region. The fact that such a huge scandal was not even more widely spread was because the Duke’s vassals had watched their mouths.

They were uncomfortable with the fact that an illegitimate child could perhaps become their master in the future and did not want to publicize it.

‘Although he made such a loud entrance into society, the relationship of this father and son is completely...’

As soon as his son was six years old, the Duke threw him into a boarding school.

Frankly, the people around him tried to dissuade him. They told him that Damian was young and maybe the Duke could try waiting one or two more years before putting him in boarding but the Duke snorted at them.

[Young? At six years old, he should be able to survive even if he’s thrown into a desert.]

They were all shocked at the standard he held Damian to. But the words that came out of the young lord’s mouth was even more astonishing.

[The survival rate of boarding school is surely more than that of a desert. Thank you for your generous actions.]

And so, the young master that was grossly mature for his age, went to boarding school without any hesitation.

< — Ducal couple — > (16)

TN: Question: So I am going off the assumption that most of you read on your phones so I activated the mobile theme. Is it better? for your reading experience!

Two years passed and the Duke did not so much as mention his son making one wonder if he actually had a son, and likewise the young lord did not so much as briefly contact his home.

‘I won’t be surprised at all if it remains this way till he graduates in ten years.’

As irony would have it, the Duke’s indifference towards Damian suppressed hostile forces and stopped them from acting hastily towards Damian.

‘The Duke may have purposefully intended for that to happen.’

“He can’t leave at all?” (Hugo)

Ashin quickly pushed away his straying thoughts.

“An outing is possible.”

“Tell him to come then.”

“...Do you mean right now? But the semester just began and we need to notify them at least one week in advance to get permission for an outing–”

“When did you start questioning my words?”

If you are given orders, just follow them.

Ashin immediately broke out in cold sweat and his expression grew stiff as he replied.

“...I understand. I will immediately send out a message.”

“I have sent someone to the capital to tell Fabian to prepare the family register and bring it back with him when he returns.”

‘So he wants to elevate the little lord’s status. If the little lord’s status is elevated...no one would be able utter any complaint.’

It had been announced that the little lord would become the Duke’s successor but he was still merely an illegitimate child.

But if his legal status was elevated, he stops being a demerit of the duke and becomes the perfect successor.

Those who were still expecting some kind of change in the future would have to give up once the little lord’s status was elevated.

‘The Duchess must have agreed to his entry into the family register. I did hear their marital relationship is very good but what will happen if the Duchess gives birth to a child? If she gives birth to a son, that will be a headache...’

“It’s Elliot, your Grace.”

The instant those words fell, a scary-looking middle-aged knight walked in. The Knight Captain, Elliot Caliss appropriately paid his respects then lifted up the lengthy bamboo barrel.

Hugo received the barrel and pulled apart the top, revealing the rolled up letter within it.

Ashin felt a shiver run down his spine as he watched Hugo read the letter, narrow his eyes and give a dreary smile.

‘Fuck, he scares me more when he’s like that.’*

“Mobilize seven people. I will leave the assignments to you and we will set out as soon as they are ready.”

The rain was almost over but the sun was already setting on the afternoon.

It was different from the usual early departure at dawn, but the faithful Knight Caliss answered with only a few words and withdrew.*

“Hunting after a long time, huh.” (Caliss)

‘Human hunting.’

To Hugo’s mutterance, Ashin mumbled the hidden words to himself.

‘Whew...today’s dreams will not be peaceful.’

Ashin had once unintentionally followed the Duke to the battlefield a few years ago as an administrative officer although he was far away from the battlefield.

From time to time, he still saw scenes from that time and they made his heart palpitate.

His chills were not caused from seeing the cold-blooded killing. On the contrary, that was easier to see than the unrealistic and dizzying sight of the Duke slicing off someone’s throat and making their heads fly to the sky.

The Black Lion? Ashin found that nickname to be much embellished.

The Taran Duke who donned a black armor as he tore through the battlefield was understandably a godsend and most certainly a devil.

As he took in the sight of the Duke covered in blood like a wild beast and laughing comfortably, Ashin had muttered something without realizing it.

‘What a lunatic.’

He was startled as the words left his mouth and worried as to whether someone heard him but fortunately, his monologue was buried under the cries of soldiers drunk with the madness of war.

Ashin was someone who wasn’t scared of anything in the world. He did not hold back whatever he wanted to say and his capability matched his reckless personality that made both his superiors and subordinates leave him.

But, from that day onwards, Ashin became a docile sheep in front of the Duke of Taran.

He realized how terrifying the Taran Duke was. Of course, the Duke was publically known to be a pretty scary person but he felt the duke was even more terrifying than how they described him.

In places other than the battlefield, the Duke put on a mask of good manners and his rough side could not be seen at all.

People who interacted with him only focused on the fact that he was a young duke and a great dancer.

That was why it was scarier. It was frightening that the bloody thing he witnessed on the battlefield could hide its madness and pretend to be a classic nobleman that had never held a sword before.

“Will the agenda be prolonged?”

“I know I have to go but I’m afraid it will take a while.”

“Then, during the time you are gone, the young lord could look over it.”

Hugo thought about it for a moment.

Although that child was young, he was of the Taran bloodline. It was difficult to think of him as another eight year old.

That boy had plunged a sword into the heart of a man whose ankle Hugo had caught in a trap and finished him off.

He recalled the past for a moment then returned to reality. That boy was never an innocent one.

There wasn’t any insanity coursing through his veins yet but who knew when it would appear. But still, he was currently the mild type.

According to the reports he continuously received, he wasn’t foolishly nice like his father but he didn’t have a cruel temperament.

The first time Hugo met Damian, if he hadn’t seen eyes similar to that of his dead brother then he would have killed him on the spot and disposed of him.

No matter how mild he was, malicious intent wouldn’t fly. Compared to Damian, his wife was a docile rabbit.

He couldn’t help but get worried that it would just be the two of them. He didn’t find it strange at all as he subconsciously worried about her.

“Why don’t you personally go get him?”

“...Huh?”

“Make sure to warn him when he arrives, to give the proper respect to his mother. If I return and hear anything strange...”

“Ah, yes. I will make sure there is nothing to worry about.”

Shortly after Ashin withdrew, Jerome rushed into the office after hearing that the knights were preparing to leave.

‘I think it began the day after we called the doctor...’

He was unsure as to what happened between the two of them but from that day onwards, their relationship grew strange.

His master was taking the initiative to distance himself from her Grace. Saying he was busy was just an excuse.

His master always had a lot of work however it was never to the extent where he couldn’t eat or sleep.

According to the maids, they also slept separately. Every time he looked at her Grace as she tried to act like everything was fine even though she was dismayed, he felt his heart ache.

‘Don’t do this, master.’

For the first time ever, he felt rebellious towards his master in his heart.

He could barely stop himself from asking his master why he would leave on a long term absence without resolving this situation.

Jerome brought in warm tea just as usual and its delicate fragrance filled the air. He poured the tea, filling up the empty cup.

“What should I do about your evening meal?”

“Mmm, you don’t need to prepare it. I will be leaving soon.”

Hugo raised his head and lifted the cup of tea to his mouth.

“I will be going hunting but I don’t know the exact schedule.”

“...it’s already late. How about leaving tomorrow at dawn?”

“No, I am about to get ready and I already ordered for it.”

“As for her Grace...”

“Inform her for me.”

“...Did her Grace make a huge mistake?”

Jerome spoke firmly as Hugo gaze fell on him.

“Even if she did make a mistake, I hope you can generously forgive her. For the past few days, her Grace has not exchanged any words with your Grace.”

“This isn’t something you have a say in. You are crossing the line.”

“Yes. I have to say something presumptuous. Her Grace is the Duchess. She is different from the other women you were fascinated with for a bit and then threw away. You have to treat her valuably.”

Hugo stared at Jerome with slightly widened eyes. Watching Jerome’s slightly downcast gaze as he stubbornly persisted, Hugo narrowed his eyes.

Translator’s Corner:

*Never heard the first word before so I googled it and all I could for find it is: it’s a ‘vulgar profanity.’ It sounds very similar to the word for ‘shit’ though. Btw, this book is tagged smut & mature so you won’t be getting any censoring from me.

* The raw translation says he answers with only two words but I couldn’t translate that sentence to only two words. I mean in Korean, it is two words but English doesn’t words that mean a whole sentence.

And new goal up on patreon for an extra release on here.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 29
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ducal couple — > (17)

TN: Dunno if I’ve mentioned this but thank you all soo much for constantly commenting! Huuuge motivator for me. Enjoy! Also:

“Her Grace came to this unfamiliar northern region alone, not knowing anybody, yet she never complained about her situation being difficult or uncomfortable. If your Grace were ignore her Grace, then shle truly would be alone.”

Hugo actually began to suspect just where Jerome came out from today to have such a completely different temperament but when he thought about it, there was no denying that Jerome was Fabian’s blood brother.

To speak without any fear was Fabian’s trademark.

Hugo’s red eyes glowed even redder.

“These days, her Grace...”

“Shut up.”

“Your Grace.”

“I dare you to say one more word...”

Feeling the murderous gaze on him, Jerome shut his mouth and lowered his gaze.

The Duke was not a master that needlessly picked on someone’s faults but he was a master that would never tolerate challenges to his authority.

The criteria depended on if someone were getting above themselves. Jerome did not have the authority to butt into the ducal couple’s private relationship.

It wasn’t because Jerome was a steward. No one in Roam had such authority. Hugo was extremely displeased with the situation.

He wondered if she had sent him as she had enough reason to do so. But this was Jerome.

The Jerome that did not unnecessarily interfere with his usual work, and could distinguish between the things Hugo alone could to do and the things Jerome could deal with himself.

Therefore, Jerome’s unusual behavior got on his nerves. Hugo already knew that Jerome took care of her more than the usual.

He did not doubt Jerome’s loyalty as a steward but he was strangely irritated.

“Impressive. Did she ask you to come annoy me?”

Even though he knew that there was no way she had, he felt extremely twisted inside.

“No, Your Grace! Her Grace would never—!”

Crash!

A teacup flew past Jerome’s face and shattered to pieces on the floor as soon as Jerome opened his mouth.

“I told you to shut up.”

Hugo swiftly got up and walked out of the office while Jerome sat down with a paling face.

He made a mistake. A terrible result of his needless interference. If Fabian were here, he definitely would have told him that their relationship wasn’t one he should interfere with.

‘I’ve let down her Grace’s honor.’*

His first rebellion against his master ended with his tail completely trampled. He unnecessarily intervened and even created a misunderstanding.

Jerome sighed and began to sweep the pieces of the tea cup that was scattered everywhere.

The fact that the cup did not fly at his forehead meant that his master was already pretty tolerant.

‘I’ll ask Fabian for some advice when he comes.’

Useless mouth! And so he began to sharply berate himself.

***

Lucia returned home early from her outing with Kate, using the excuse that she wasn’t feeling well.

She didn’t feel like talking or going horseback riding. Right after she returned from seeing Kate, the doctor scarily came to visit.

“Your Grace.”

Anna looked at loss for what to do and she couldn’t meet Lucia’s eyes, seemingly nervous.

That day, he had left after saying that she could do as she pleased but from the next day onwards, he continuously sent Anna.

“Your Grace, the Duke calls me every evening and asks me how the treatment is going.”

Anna said with an expression that read ‘please save me’. When the Duke called Anna, he didn’t say any other thing.

He would just asked how the treatment was going but that alone gave Anna enormous pressure.

“Please, honestly tell me the symptoms that you know about.”

Because of this, in just a few days, the anger in Lucia’s heart steadily increased. She felt like she was deceived by him and couldn’t break free.

She felt like going to his office immediately and giving him a slap.

‘Alright. I’ll do what you want me to do.’

Lucia opened her mouth and began to explain her symptoms. She explained it exactly how she explained it to the doctors she searched for in her dream.

Yes, she already knew a cure for it but she had no intention of using it. However, if Anna found another cure, she didn’t plan on refusing treatment.

But the chances of that happening were close to none. She’d met countless doctors in her dream numerous times, but none of them could cure her.

It was an amazing coincidence and luck that she was able to get a treatment method from that wandering doctor.

She didn’t think such coincidence and luck would happen a second time.

And as expected, Anna looked confused after hearing her explanation. She looked bewildered by the fact that Lucia took mugwort herb and cause her menstruation to stop. She didn’t seem to know anything about it.

“I’m sorry, your Grace. To be frank, my abili so I do not know how to treat you. But I will definitely figure out a way.”

Anna resolutely assured her. Lucia sat absent-mindedly for a little while then went out into the garden.

***

Hugo left his office extremely displeased and thoughtlessly walked till he stepped outside.

The rain had stopped but there was no sign of the sun.

‘I guess the day is ending like this.’

When he realized it, he was already in the garden. He quickly turned around and tried to leave but before he could do that he discovered her.

She was bent over in a bow, looking at an almost blossoming flower bud. He stood still for a while, then his feet turned towards her.

Lucia straightened her waist and turned to see him approaching her, instantly, she found herself falling into a fantasy as the air around her changed.

Everything around her blurred and all she could see was him. Lucia knew she had experienced something like this before.

‘When I was in the capital...the day of the Knight’s parade...’

It was the day that she saw him for the first time in reality, not in her dreams.

She was angry with him. Her condition was terrible because she could not sleep properly as every night, she stared at the bedroom door that never opened.

And just a while ago, she wanted to slap him if she ever saw him. But once she saw him, all the anger that had piled up, instantly melted away like salt dissolved in the water.

‘I am such an idiot...’

She knew that he was unattainable and thought she had locked down her feelings but her heart seemed to slip through the crevices.

While her heart bubbled over, it also hurt.

‘I love him.’

She didn’t know what to do. Just like his countless past lovers, she couldn’t keep her heart to herself.

‘He must not find out.’

If he took one step closer to her, she would take two steps backwards. She didn’t want to be sent a rose.

Note: I am crashing immediately after this upload. New comments will be approved once I wake up.

< — Ducal couple — > (17)

TN: WE REACHED THE GOAL ON PATRON! Huge thanks! So here is the extra release! Regular release is still coming tmrw. Also: . For those curious:

Reaching the end of her breathtaking realizations, Lucia turned towards him and smiled.

‘Ah...’

Hugo felt the annoyance and irritation that had been bothering him dissipate the instant he saw her smile.

It was as refreshing as waking up in the morning after a good night’s sleep. Hugo finally woke up from his folly.

What he was afraid of wasn’t her existence, it was his wavering. Simply imagining never seeing her smile again made him feel like he couldn’t breathe.

‘I told you so’, his heart seemed to mock him.

“Look at this, won’t the flower be blooming soon? I think it will bloom fully in a few days.”

Hugo was momentarily tongue-tied when she began to speak to him as though nothing had happened.

“...I see.”

Her refreshed expression made him feel miserable. Unlike his fretful self, she had her usual peaceful expression.

“I heard you’ve been busy. Did you come out to get some air?”

“Mmm... the busy stuff is almost done but something came up so I will have to leave for a while.”

“Ah.”

Lucia’s face changed for an instant then she gave another sweet smile.

“How long will it take? Will you be gone for a long time?”

“I don’t know the exact details so it could be a while. Why are you alone? What of your maid?”

“I sent her on an errand. Since the rain was over, I thought of having a cup of tea here. If it’s okay, would you like to join me?”

“...Sure.”

He just had some tea a while ago but he didn’t refuse her.

After a while, a couple of maids came, bringing a folding table and a tea basket. The table was placed at a suitable place and the two of them sat facing each other.

“I was worried since it’s rarely dry nowadays, but I am glad that the rain stopped mid-day.”

“What have you been doing?”

“Just the same stuff as usual. Take care of the garden and then reading books. That’s strange. You are talking to me as though we haven’t seen each other in a long time. It was just a few days.”

Was it just a few days? He felt like it was a very long time but to her, it was just a few days.

He found her spiritedness admirable and felt remorseful. He reached out and caressed her soft cheek. Her soft skin gave him the illusion that he would leave marks if he exerted even a little more strength.

She was weak. Yet this frail existence threatened him so strongly.

“...That day, I made a mistake and I want to apologize to you. It wasn’t my intention to treat you as an unfaithful woman.”

“...”

“What I meant was...offsprings are rare in the Taran family. Getting pregnant will be difficult... and I didn’t want you to get disappointed after hoping for a child.”

His excuse did not really touch Lucia’s heart. After all, if offsprings were rare then it would be more convincing for his attitude to be supporting her pregnancy rather than rejecting it.

But when she saw how he was carefully contemplating his words, a laugh escaped from her mouth.

“Okay.”

She tried to laugh but tears fell down from her eyes. The wounds she had received at that time no longer hurt. She had already forgiven him.

His tender words and gentle caresses made her heart ache with happiness.

Looking at the tears flowing down her cheeks, he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do and stood up.

He took a step around the tea table towards her and wrapped his arms around her.

“I’m sorry. I was wrong.”

His embrace and scent that she’d been missing made her feel like she had gone from hell to heaven in an instant.

‘We can go back... to how we were before.’

To how they were the last few months. It was fine even if their relationship was a castle of sand and no one knew when it would collapse.

When one couldn’t see the waves, they would assume it was all okay. Nothing was resolved, but it was fine to think about later things, later.

Her heart felt like it had overcome the heavens and was rather calm. Once she accepted her changing heart and wasn’t anxious about it, she felt at peace.

Her heaven and hell depended on how she made up her mind.

‘He...at the very least, he treats me with love.’

She was unsure as to how he treated his past lovers but she decided to think that she was a little more special.

It was not conceit but she had to plant that much confidence in herself so she could stand firmly and love him.

‘Also, I have an advantage.’

She was his legitimate wife. It was a justification that none of his past lovers ever had.

‘I won’t cling to you. I also won’t subdue myself to please you.’

She wouldn’t have such a miserable love.

She won’t beg for his love.

She won’t play the virtuous wife, obeying everything he says unconditionally.

She would only do as much as she could, loving him with all of her might but only just enough that she wouldn’t start hating him.

It made her wonder if he had ever received love from a woman that did not cling to him.

The thought that maybe she could make him flustered was amusing.

‘It is fine even if it takes a lifetime. If someday, you tell me that you love me, I won’t feel like my life has been in vain.’

If she lived like this for one year, five years, even ten years, perhaps she could slowly influence him. Even a little drizzle can become something scary.

Lucia lifted her head a little from within his embrace.

“You said you were wrong, right?”

“Huh? Yea.”

“I’ll forgive you but I have two conditions.”

“Conditions? What are they?”

He had an expression that said he didn’t like the word itself.

“The first is... a kiss of reconciliation.”

His eyes widened slightly then curved. As Hugo’s face drew closer, she closed her eyes.

Their lips touched lightly at first, then met again, with his lips sucking hers in this time.

He suckled and swallowed her tender lips countless times in his mouth. His tongue slipped through the cracks of her mouth, gently and carefully stroking the innards of her mouth then pushed it deeper, stimulating her.

The long and sweet kiss that was neither light nor heated but breathtaking finally came to an end.

He spoke with his lips almost touching hers.

“The second is?”

Because it seemed like he would kiss her again as he drew closer, she held him back and turned her head slightly.

“I am modifying the contract. No matter how I think about the freedom in your private life part, it makes me feel bad. That is practically telling me you’re going to be cheating. Please don’t go making lovers elsewhere.”

He was taken aback and couldn’t help but stare at her for a bit then spoke in a slightly crestfallen voice.

“...I won’t make any.”

He felt a little offended. After he married, he hadn’t even looked at other women but unfortunately, he couldn’t refute his track record of being a malicious playboy.

“Additionally, if you get disgusted or tired of me and you want to leave me for another woman, please tell me first. I do not wish to hear it from another person’s mouth.”

He stared at her for a while then muttered bitterly.

“I forgot for a moment. In your head, I am a pretty terrible guy.”

It was a mysterious feeling to be marked as a bad guy rather than a nice guy by the woman he loved but again, he couldn’t refute this.

“I can’t give any excuses.”

He mumbled then grabbed her hand, kissing it.

“As you wish.”

He straightened his upper body and spoke to the maid that had been fretfully standing at the side for a while.

“What is it?”

“Sir Elliot has asked me to pass on his words; he is ready and waiting for the order to depart.”

Hugo had finally realized his feelings towards her but nothing could change right now. He still could not promise her anything.

There were also many things that he couldn’t reveal to her. He needed more time to decide what to and what not to show to her.

The hunt this time should give him the time he needed.

“You don’t need to see me off. Return.”

“...Yes. Please return safely.”

Watching his back as he walked away, Lucia’s heart throbbed and she clutched her chest tightly.

She hoped desperately, that he would never leave her like this someday.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 30
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (1)

TN: The highly anticipated title: Damian is finally here! Also: Poll over.

“Young master, I am Ashin, the administrative secretary. Do you remember me?”

Damian briefly looked up and down at Ashin before giving him a stiff nod and entering the carriage. His coldness is not inferior to his father’s.

‘This is why they say you can’t feign blood...’

Perhaps the Duke was just like this when he was a child. With his black hair and red eyes, Damian was a miniature Taran Duke. There was probably no need to use the royal family’s magical treasure to determine his ancestry.

No one would be able to say that the little lord was not of the Taran Duke’s blood.

‘Whew...this is just my fate.’

He hated long-distance trips. He would be extremely satisfied if all he had to do was routinely go back and forth between Roam and the house. He couldn’t help but sigh when he thought about having to sit next to that dreary little kid for a long time.

“I see you’ve been healthy and comfortable in the meantime. You’ve grown a lot, I almost didn’t recognize you.”

Ashim spoke amiably in a bland effort to elevate the mood. It wasn’t something he usually did but he didn’t want to be taken as a thug and Ashin found the little Taran duke that looked exactly like the Taran Duke whom he knew as the scariest man in the world, to be extremely prickly.

Also, it was the truth that he almost didn’t recognize him.

‘Whew...what eight year old is like this? He looks like he could be three to four years older. My nephew is ten years old but even he is smaller than our little lord.’

Even when the little lord was six years old, he had a burly physique so there were already signs of it back then.

Just like how a fox and a tiger were of different sizes.

‘If he keeps growing like this, won’t he end up with a huge frame? Completely different from what’s on paper.’

“...what is it?”

“Huh?”

Ashin felt pleased with himself as the mouth of the little lord had finally opened.

“You know with your rank, you didn’t have to pick me up personally.”

“Ha...ha-ha.”

Right. Someone of his status usually wouldn’t have to. Although he didn’t think those words were something that would have come out of an eight year old’s mouth.

‘Let’s put aside him remembering me... he remembers my rank?’

The Taran Duke’s bloodline must have something different. When he thought of it that way, he felt it was unfair and could also understand.

Even the current Taran Duke was like that. As a knight and as one of the best, his brain was excellent.

‘The world is originally unfair.’

He realized this the day his childish innocence was broken.

“It was the order of his Grace the Duke.”

Damian’s eyes grew a little bigger.

‘Why?’

His expression seemed to be was asking.

“I believe young master has already heard the news. The Taran Duke now has a Lady of the House.”

Damian nodded his head. He usually received news about the Duke in a relatively detailed manner.

In order for him to take over in the future, the Duke intended for him to know about everything.

No matter how long he had left the house and no matter whether he was in a boarding school that was cut off from outside news, it was all so that the Duke would never hear the words, ‘I didn’t know’.

Damian memorized the letter that had been sent, word for word.

“These are just my thoughts but since both of you now have a mother-son relationship, I think both of you should get to know each other as a family.”

‘Mother-son relationship, you say?’

Damian inwardly questioned. His father was not such a delicate person. The idea that the Duke would want them to have a strong mother and son relationship did not make any sense.

Perhaps he and the Duchess would bite and tear at each other and the Duke wouldn’t be interested until one of them died.

“He didn’t say anything else?”

“Ah...he...wanted you to...not be rude to your mother. Said you should show proper respect...”

‘Well that’s that.’

Ashin had simplified it but he had delivered the warning. He just had to stay there quietly without being nervous.

Even though he was the successor, he was still illegitimate. Which meant he shouldn’t needlessly get on the Duchess’ nerves.

Even if the Duke didn’t warn him, Damian had no intention of confronting his stepmother.

After all, the consent of the Duchess was absolutely necessary to elevate his status.

“Is she pretty?”

“Huh? Ah...I have only seen her a few times...”

‘You only needs to see someone once to know if they are pretty or not.’

Due to Ashin’s hesitant response, Damian came to a conclusion.

‘She must not be that pretty.’

Damian’s interest in his stepmother was only to that extent, after which he folded that thought.

Looking at it from his stepmother’s point of view, Damian didn’t expect to be welcomed and expected that while he was in Roam, they would only meet a few times.

He would live as quiet as he were dead. If she didn’t want to see his face, he would lock himself up in the room and she harassed him and it was tolerable, he planned on just enduring it.

Damian was not very surprised when he heard that the Duke was getting married. He expected that the Duke had only done so because it was around time for him to get married.

Damian was grasping the cold temperament of his father that was only moved by necessity.

Even if the Duchess were to give birth to a child, Damian’s status as the successor would not be shaken.

His father was never a good father but he was someone that one could have firm belief in.

Damian’s attention then switched towards the Academy. The sudden summon at the beginning of the semester had messed up his schedule.

He was initially worried about leaving and falling behind since he didn’t know when he would be returning. At worst, he would have had to give up on the entire semester.

‘At most, I’ll be there for a week.’

It would take about three weeks if the journey back and forth was included.

If he didn’t want to fall behind when he returned, he couldn’t let any of his time be spent in vain.

Damian had already filled the trunk of the carriage to the brim with books.

< — Damian — > (1)

TN: A little change: I will start using Milady instead of your Grace for some parts. A little abrupt but the change needed to happen. I traveled and had no wi-fi. Finally got it set up today so here!

The news of the Taran Duke’s marriage had come from someone’s mouth and was passed from mouth to mouth before reaching the high society.

It only came up in people’s conversations. There was no one that had attended the wedding so only the rumor had blown up because people did not know any other way to satisfy their curiosity.

Kwiz was of course, also curious and had put in a lot of money and time into satisfying that curiosity.

Since the woman that became the Duchess was a princess, it was hard to find anyone eager to investigate into it.

No matter how much he dug into it, he couldn’t find anything. The only accurate information was her name and age.

There was no one that knew even a little thing about the princess.

However, if it was considered a harvest to get her description from the maids in the palace that waited on her shortly before she married, then it was a harvest.

And so he became more unyielding. He was convinced he had an information source that was capable in its own way but it took them digging around for months and coming up with nothing to wake him up.

“What is going on? It’s not like they fell from the sky.”

Kwiz lamented the absurdness of it all. It wasn’t just Kwiz that had tried to find out about the princess.

The Royal Intelligence Division had also dug into Princess Vivian by investigating her detached palace but in the process, the manipulation of the palace maiden’s roll call was revealed.

The palace was turned inside out on the large scale and the head proprietors were held responsible and severely punished.

Kwiz dispatched someone to the village that the princess had lived until she was twelve years old and entered the palace but even the person that had been close to the mother-daughter pair shook her head, saying she’d never heard of it.

After digging and digging for several months, he got his hands on the letter that the princess’ mother had sent to the palace before she died.

“No clue from this too...”

Kwiz sighed after reading the short letter on the old piece of paper.

All it said was that she’d slept with the King one day and gave birth to the princess. There was nothing revealed about their relationship and nothing that gave hints about her mother’s identity. Her mother didn’t even sign her name.

“Could it be... her mother was a commoner...?”

He was slightly suspicious but it didn’t seem like it. Even though it seemed like that old geezer played around with whatever woman available, he had a preference.

It was unlikely that he would embrace a common woman with rough skin and hands that were coarse from labor.

“Do you really not know anything, Sir Krotin?”

Kwiz asked Roy, his nearby guard that liked to disappear, the same question he’d asked countless times already.

“I don’t. Even if I knew, I don’t.”

His irritating and discourteous manner of speaking caused the adjutant standing next to him to scowl.

Compared to him, the Crown Prince’s expression did not change although one couldn’t know what he felt inside.

“Even something else is fine. Just how the hell did those two meet and marry?”

I’m curious to death!

Looking at Kwiz’s frustrated expression because of his unsatisfied curiosity, Roy secretly snickered.

‘I know.’

It was quite enjoyable to know the secret that someone else was struggling to know.

“Come to think of it, you have a duel tomorrow, right, Sir Krotin?”

“Yes.”

Factions of Counts hostile to the Crown Prince did not dare to directly confront the Crown Prince, so they picked a fight with the rigid Roy.

When he refused in his usual manner of speaking, flinging a few words at them, they would throw down their gauntlet to the ground saying he’d insulted them. (1)

And Roy gladly accepted. He had never once avoided a fight brought to him.

“Do I take it gently? I mean for the duel tomorrow.” [Roy]

Kwiz burst into laughter.

“Is that a new joke? What kind of joke is that? You don’t have to think about me, just fight to your heart’s content.”

It wasn’t like Roy wanted to fight personally but sending a knight of his family while they were assuming he would be fighting was an unbecoming sight so he was looking for an opportunity to crush them.

He could easily handle the knight than proposed the retaliation duel, it was their fault for serving the wrong master.

But because he was worried about causing an accident, he asked the prince. If an accident happened, it wouldn’t be a matter of the prince’s face but his lord would beat him to death.

“Got it.”

‘I got permission~.’ Roy laughed contentedly.

The Crown prince would continue torecall this day in the future for a while.

It was the beginning of the ‘Mad Dog’ Krotin. (2)

***

When news of the Duke of Taran’s marriage arrived, quite a lot of women felt their hearts break.

Anita was surprised but unlike those women, she just felt a little bitter. She had already married three times and had never even dreamt of marrying the Duke of Taran.

She was satisfied with being the lover that he didn’t forget and came to see from time to time.

‘When he is tired of his new bride, he will contact me.’

She kept her composure and waited but instead of getting contacted, she received a yellow rose.

She gaped spiritlessly at the bundle of yellow roses in front of her for an entire day, then got herself sick from stressing over it for ten days.

When she was barely able to even move her body, a question arose in her mind.

“Just why?”

No matter how much she thought about it, she hadn’t made any mistakes.

She’d never contacted him, asked him about his whereabouts or even mentioned their relationship.

Rather, when she heard the news that he was married, she’d stayed away even more.

She just couldn’t understand his breakup declaration.

Removing his lover because he was married? He was never such a conscientious gentleman.

She suppressed her heart that wanted to immediately run to his manor and ask him why.

Because she knew that once she did that, she couldn’t take it back.

In the past, she’d heard of a woman who had stormed into his manor after being notified of their separation but after that incident, she never saw that woman in the noble circles again.

After thinking about it over and over again, she came to the conclusion that it was the one who had become the Duchess, Princess Vivian.

The new bride must have learnt of Anita’s existence and urged him to break it off.

And since he didn’t have that of an attachment to Anita anyways, it was obvious he’d just agreed to his wife’s request.

Anita began to investigate into who Princess Vivian was. At first, everything was as it seems.

However, the facts that were revealed to her little by little was so interesting that at some point, Anita began hunting day and night for information about Princess Vivian.

Anita investigated into her and her unique senses did not let any sort of information slip.

The first thing that caught her attention was the record of Princess Vivian attending the victory ball. The princess that was practically trapped in the palace and did not know anybody attended a victory ball.

Any woman would wonder; what about her dress? Her make-up? Her hair?

It was akin to randomly casting a net into water and reeling the fish in one by one; little by little, things about Princess Vivian were revealed.

She found out that the princess used to disguise herself as a maid and frequently left the castle. For the dress, Anita concluded the princess had to have procured it personally.

Princess Vivian wasn’t a princess that knew nothing about the world. Anita placed a portrait on the table and watched it without moving for a while.

It was a portrait based on descriptions of Princess Vivian that she’d obtained after handing out some bribes.

When Anita first saw it, she was relieved.

The person in the portrait was far from his taste. After reaching the conclusion that the marriage was just a marriage of convenience, she slept well.

But after a while, Anita’s heart became restless again. Yes, she wasn’t his taste but wouldn’t it be more likely for him to fall for her because of that?

Men were usually attracted to new things. She began to get worried about this unusual point of the princess that liked to cosplay as a maid.

‘Even if he’s interested in it for a while... it shouldn’t take long to cool off. At any time and who knows, he may come find me.’

She comforted herself while her anxiety grew even more. He hadn’t ever seen a woman that he’d sent a yellow rose a second time.

After she received the yellow rose, Anita barely had any days where she’d slept properly.

‘He only married because he needed to. He’s a man that does not know how to love a woman.’

While looking at Princess Vivian’s portrait, Anita constantly repeated those words in her head.

He was someone who drifted from one woman to another without ever settling down. It was hope based on the false premise that his heart wouldn’t ever be caught by a woman. It was also her pride.

Just thinking about that actually happening filled her heart with anxiety.

‘I have to see the real Princess Vivian.’

She wanted to calm her anxiety by meeting Princess Vivian and confirming that she wasn’t in his eyes.

‘Do I go to the North and confirm it without him knowing...?’*

If she didn’t take the ‘gates’, a carriage there would take several months. She couldn’t even bear the thought of doing that.

To use the Northern ‘gate’, one had to gain the approval of the Taran Duke and no matter how formal the process was, she was afraid of the backlash if he ever found out.

It would be better to just wait for the two to return to the capital.

‘Why did she pretend to be a maid and leave the palace? What did she do outside the palace? Did she have a lover...?’

A lover. That was very possible.

Finding Princess Vivian was going to be the real starting point from now on. Her initial intention of just checking out Princess Vivian’s face was gone.

Translator’s Corner:

1. So simple trivia: to throw down the gauntlet means to issue a challenge to a duel.

2. The previous translator translated this to ‘Crazy Dog’, I prefer ‘Mad Dog.’

*If you’ve forgotten who Roy is...he is Hugo’s knight sent to the Crown Prince’s side as a guard.

*Who was excited to see Anita again?! Just me? Ok.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 31
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (2)

A jet-black carriage hurried across the streets of Roam.

Taking a closer look at the little black wooden carriage, one could find the motif of a black lion drawn on it.

The black carriage was so fascinating that people stopped what they were doing to look at it when it first appeared.

The black wood used as the main material of the carriage was as strong as steel and is said to have been used by the military in the past.

And because many people withered to death from the sickness gotten from the natural habitat of the black wood, the price of black wood had now surpassed that of gold.

Hugo had made this carriage of black wood for the safety of his wife so Lucia often went out in a carriage that was fit for a King.

At this point, people already knew who was inside whenever the black carriage passed by.

Most people would never get to see the faces of the ones inside such a carriage in their lifetime because the ones inside were in such a high position.

And so, when the carriage appeared, they just watched it till it was out of their sight.

When the carriage crossed the bridge and entered the gates, the sound of a horn was heard. The black horse carriage carrying Lucia continued to run and stopped in front of the deepest inner tower in the Roam Castle.

The employees were all outside to greet the Lady. When Lucia returned from her horse riding, just as usual, she took a bath then sat in the receiving room, drinking the fragrant tea that Jerome served.

“Did you enjoy your outing, Milady?” (Jerome)

“I enjoyed it. Emily is a really kind child, she followed my clumsy instructions very well.”

Her favorite horse, Emily was a nice and well-trained mare that Hugo had given to her.

Lucia didn’t really know much about horses but when she looked at its glossy appearance she could guess it was a good horse.

Whenever Lucia heard compliments about its loveliness, she just shrugged her shoulders.

“Who said such a thing? Even if you had 10 horses, you can’t replace Emily. She is a very expensive horse.”

“Yes. It seems that way.”

As it was not polite to discuss the price of his master’s gift, Jerome did not say the details. Lucia didn’t ask either, but she was thankful that Hugo thought about her and gave her precious horse as a gift.

‘I miss him...’

“When is he coming back?”

“Yes? Ah... I don’t know exactly, but it can be long. I think it will be about a month.”

“A month...? What exactly is going on? I know it’s work in the fief...”

Before, she was not interested in what he was doing, but now she wanted to know more about it.

“Some parts are about the fief, others are not. It is something Master goes to annually.”

Jerome tried to emphasize that his master’s suddenly departure was only for work reasons and definitely not for a private reason. He did not know about the dramatic reconciliation of the couple.

“Milady already knows that the northern border is close to the barbarians. They is no central tribe so from time to time, they cross the border to plunder. Master subdues them once a year to keep them in check.”

“Then, every year, he leaves at this time of the year?.”

“This year is earlier than other years. He usually leaves early in the winter. I heard that an order to dispatch arrived. It seems that they haven’t been payed much attention to after the war so the plundering became more frequent.”

“It must be hard for the Northern people who continuously get anxious because of this.”

“If they doesn’t live close to the border, I don’t think they would be anxious. It’s a lot different when one looks at it from afar.”

Lucia nodded her head, sipping a little tea then suddenly exclaimed.

“Oh my goodness! How could I forget? Isn’t today his birthday Jerome?”

The birthday date that Jerome had reminded her of before was exactly today. She’d kept it in her mind but she had forgotten about it because they were fighting.

“I should have told him before he left. It’s his birthday but he won’t receive any congratulation, he’ll just be fighting barbarians.”

She felt so sad for him that her heart hurt.

“Mmm... Milady, Master had never taken care of his birthday separately.”

“I expected that. Who would take care of his birthday like that? Only the people around him can.”

“That...he doesn’t like being reminded of it.”

“...Why?”

“I don’t really know much. However I often get the feeling that not only about his birthday, Master also dislikes being reminded of his childhood.”

Jerome never spoke of anything he was unsure of or carelessly speak his mind but because she looked very sad, he gave a sincere reply.

‘So he doesn’t have any memories he wants to remember from his childhood...’

That was a sad thing.

Lucia lived a difficult life and there was a moment in her life where her memory was perfect. She was happy until she was twelve years old. The times when she lived with her mother as a child were happy times.

The story of the Duke’s tragedy in the west tower once again rose to the forefront of Jerome’s mind. It was a terrible thing at the time and he shouldn’t think of it nor speak of it so he tried to forget it.

However the thought always arose whenever he laid eyes on the west tower, and as time went on, he grew more interested in the background story than the murder itself.

The dead Duke had abandoned one of his sons to stop misfortune and left him to his own fate. As he did something no parent should ever do, he brought it upon himself.

“Jerome, you said you’ve never met the dead Duke before, right?”

“Yes. I have served master ever since he became a knight.”

“I may just be my prejudice but I think he was a very heartless man.”

Jerome hesitated for a moment then spoke.

“From the little fragments of him that I have gathered, I don’t think my thoughts differ very much from Milady’s”

‘His past is very far from ordinary.’ (Lucia)

< — Damian — > (2)

TN: Ｏ(≧▽≦)Ｏ

Hugo did not know his mother’s face as she’d died not too long after delivery while his father abandoned one son after weighing the advantages and disadvantages.

It was only natural he grew to have such a cold and emotionless personality. Or rather, considering his past, he had grown quite excellently.

‘Abandoning a newborn baby? I just can’t understand why he would do that.’ (Lucia)

It wasn’t like any problems had cropped up but because a trouble might happen, he abandoned his newborn son.

It was genuinely Hugo’s luck that he was chosen to be the successor to the Duke.

‘If he was the one abandoned...he might have been the dead brother and murderer...’

Numerous noble families have constantly dealt with successor problems, whether in the past, present or future but there had been no case where it was solved in this way. When it became known, it was something that many people criticized.

‘He said offsprings were rare in the Taran family, right? If offsprings were rare then the twins should have been raised more preciously.’

It just didn’t add up.

‘In the case of Damian, sure, he is the precious son of a family with precious offsprings.’

Damian is the only son. He is the successor.

Even if one can say Damian was sent to boarding school in order to bring him up strictly, there was even no contact between them.

There was way too much indifference.

‘Was it because he didn’t receive much affection from his father when he was a child that he doesn’t know how to give it?’

The more she thought about it, the more things she found strange. As she constantly asked and answered questions in her mind, she fell into deep contemplation.

‘He’s had many women. It wouldn’t be strange if he had a few illegitimate children.’

But she hadn’t heard of him having any more children in her dreams.

‘Was it so hard to get a child that he had to make Damian the successor?’

Then, there should be no reason for him to be reluctant about Lucia getting pregnant. It would make more sense if he wanted make as many offsprings as possible.

The reason many nobles preferred fertility and competition between their children for succession was for the future of their family.

Having only one successor carried innumerable risks.

When she got into an argument with him, she was carried away by her emotions and was unable to analyze his words calmly so now she unhurriedly contemplated his words.

[I don’t need a child.]

[I don’t want to leave my mark.]

He didn’t say that because he was afraid of the conflict for succession.

‘Mark.’

The nuance of the expression contained an underlying repulsion.

‘Then what of Damian? Is it that he didn’t want it but the woman didn’t even tell him she was pregnant and gave birth?’

It was quite possible.

Rather than the forceful removal of a child, the aftereffects of giving birth was much easier on a woman’s body. Many illegitimate children were born this way. Lucia was born this way too.

‘If he didn’t really want a child, then he shouldn’t have been so negligent.’

She only wished to see the good side of the man that she loved but she had to acknowledge that he had a cold and cruel side to him.

He would have forced an abortion if he really did not want the child.

‘Merely abortion? He could do even worse.’

Her reasoning whispered to her but she ignored it. Anyways, she wanted to see as much as possible, the good side of the man she loved.

‘No. If you look at his age when Damian was born...he was at a young age so there could have been a gap... He is a person too, he can make mistakes.’

Perhaps because he had revealed his inner feelings for some time when they last fought, she could somewhat tell that Damian didn’t seem to be born from love.

‘Even if you don’t want to, the born child has done nothing wrong. It seems like he’s abandoned Damian. Usually, men felt deep affection for their flesh and blood but... as if Damian isn’t his real son...’

It was a random thought that appeared in her mind but she was suddenly overcome with intense suspicion.

‘That’s...ridiculous.’

“Milady, do I fill it with more tea?”

Jerome’s voice shook her out of her reverie and she looked down at her hand to find her cup empty.

“Ah?...Sure.”

Lucia’s heart drummed as she watched the teacup fill up.

“Jerome...have you ever seen the little lord?”

Jerome flinched and began to study Lucia. ‘Is she starting again?’ his expression read as he grew nervous.

“...Yes.”

“Does he...resemble him a lot?”

“...Yes. They look very similar, to a very shocking extent.”

‘I guess my leap in logic was too much....well, of course, it’s a ridiculous idea.’

Allowing someone that wasn’t his blood to inherit his name? Something like that wouldn’t happen.

She tried to get the foolish idea out of her mind but she still felt like something was missing.

“Did you see Damian when he was born? And how did he enter the Ducal House?”

Jerome made a troubled face. No matter how much he wanted to tell everything to her Grace, there was a limit to things.

“I apologize, Milady. I am unable to speak indiscreetly about anything concerning the young master. I think it would be better to ask master.”

Although it was a pity, she didn’t want to put Jerome in a difficult position.

Lucia thought about it for a long time, she felt like she’d caught onto something but at the same time, it felt like she hadn’t so although there was some suspicion, she couldn’t reach a definite conclusion.

In the evening on the same day, a maid brought medicine into her bedroom as she prepared to fall asleep.

Anna hadn’t been able to find a cure yet so she put Lucia on medicine that was beneficial to a woman’s womb.

As she took a sip, the uniquely unpalatable and slightly bitter taste of the medicine entered her mouth.

‘The taste of that drug was quite unique too.’

Although it was in her dreams, Lucia still remembered the taste of the medicine she had taken to treat the mugwort poisoning in her body because it had quite the unique taste.

‘The scent of vanilla... it tasted just like that.’

The next day, Lucia was taking a walk around the garden after a meal.

“Milady!”

A maid ran up to her full of urgency, her expression looking quite flustered.

“What is it?”

“The...the little lord...he’s here.”

As Jerome looked at the red-eyed and dark-haired boy that looked very similar to his master, he held back his confusion from showing and when the little lord wasn’t paying attention, he gave Ashin a fierce glare.

Ashin was startled and furtively avoided his gaze.

“It’s been a long time, young master. Has all been well?”

As usual, Damian had nothing to criticize in the Jerome that greeted him politely. But.

‘He’s confused.’

Damian thought to himself as he watched Jerome’s absentminded manner. More accurately speaking, Jerome’s perfect expression and attitude did not reveal anything.

However, even if Jerome didn’t do anything, the employees had all lined up nearby to receive him when he’d arrived at the castle but all of them, including the guarding knights, had the same expression that read:

‘What are you doing here?’

“It’s been a while.” (Damian)

“I take it you are tired from your long journey. Have you had your lunch?” (Jerome)

“Not yet but I’ll have it later. The carriage kept wobbling so my stomach is uncomfortable.”

“I understand, young master. Then I shall escort you to your bedroom so you may rest...”

Jerome suddenly stopped talking and the surroundings fell into a strange silence. Damian expected that someone had appeared and he could take a guess as to who it was.

Damian then turned his head in the direction of everyone else’s gaze.

The woman that entered through the half-open door of the receiving room must have been running for her shoulders were moving up and down.

The brown-haired woman looked younger and smaller than he’d expected and appeared breathless and tense.

‘Is she...’

The Lady of the House of Taran. The Duchess and Damian’s stepmother.

***

‘Wow...’

Once she heard the maid say that Damian had come, Lucia had run out. The moment she saw him, she had to stop to admire.

‘How could they been so similar?’

Jerome’s words were not exaggerated at all. With his red eyes and black hair, his features were as though someone took the Duke and reduced him to a smaller size. Could anyone even raise any doubt that he wasn’t the Duke’s son?

‘Then that would be ridiculous. But surely... it isn’t that he doesn’t know the fact that he’s been announced as successor...?”

Damian sighed a little as he looked at the Duchess that was watching him with wide eyes.

She’d just gotten married, but can only be at loss for words as her husband already has an illegitimate child.

Either she stiffens in shock, gives him a piercing glare, gets angry and storms away, looks at him like a disgusting worm or surprises him by slapping his cheeks.

These were the weakest plans. He wouldn’t have to worry about the Duchess that showed these type of reactions.

If she stayed composed, masked her feelings while smiling and treating him like a son, it would be the wisest plan.

But it wouldn’t be very good for him if the Duchess faced him this way.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 32
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (3)

TN: So from what I’ve gathered from last chapter, you all just wanna see Hugo get jealous, don’t you? LMAO.

“It’s a pleasure to meet you for the first time. My greetings are late, I’m Damian.”

Damian approached the Duchess and bowed his head, keeping an appropriate distance.

“Ah...nice to meet you.”

Damian glanced sideways at her when she replied in a gentle tone.

‘Is she too shocked that she can’t understand the current situation?’

There was no hostility or disgust in the amber colored eyes of the Duchess.

Maybe she was yet to put her emotions in order or was a high-level actress. He couldn’t decide yet.

Her appearance alone was different from the image he had pictured. He had imagined a lady full of the pride and gracefulness of a princess. She was more of innocence and gentleness than pride and gracefulness.

He couldn’t understand the Ashin that had answered evasively when he’d asked him if she was pretty.

‘But she is pretty...’

“Milady, the young master just came back from a long carriage journey and mentioned he would like to rest.” (Jerome)

“Ah. He should get some rest. I know how exhausting a carriage trip can be. It’s around the time for lunch, has he eaten?”

“...He’s not in the mood for it.”

“Even so, he can’t continue to have an empty stomach till evening, he’s at the prime of his growth. Steward, have them prepare something easy on the stomach and bring it out. For dinner too, prepare something that digests easily.”

“Yes, Milady.”

The boy that had been silently staring at Lucia, bowed his head and followed a servant. When the boy had gone far enough that he wouldn’t see her, Lucia grabbed her reddening face with both hands.

‘Ah, my goodness! So cute!’

He was a mini Duke! He was the childhood of the Duke that Lucia had not seen. It wasn’t just his appearance but his stiff and cold expressions were practically a carbon copy.

“Milady...?”

Jerome was worried that her Grace would be shocked but when she turned her head, her eyes were twinkling.

“You said he was eight, right Jerome?”

“That is correct. He was born with an uncommonly huge physique.”

“I see...Indeed, I don’t think it would make any sense if his son was small.”

“Are you...okay?”

“What?”

“...No, nothing.”

“He’s a much cuter child than I expected. Looks kind too.”

“...yes???”

The word ‘cute’ was definitely not a word that matched the young master. It may have during his early childhood but definitely not now.

And kind? Where did she see that? The young master resembles the Duke in looking like he wouldn’t bleed even if you stabbed him. Her Grace’s eyes were questionable. (1)

“If I say I want to have dinner together, would it be uncomfortable?” (Lucia)

“...If Milady isn’t uncomfortable, then...”

“Uncomfortable indeed. I’m looking forward to dinner tonight.”

Jerome watched as her Grace left the receiving room cheerfully then fell into deep thought. She had the completely opposite reaction that the normal person would have.

It was the tragic situation of a new bride marrying in and within a few months of marriage, her husband’s older son shows up. Her Grace’s reaction was definitely not normal.

Maybe she didn’t know the seriousness of the situation or maybe her Grace was just someone with no discretion.

Jerome then grabbed Ashin and pulled him into the steward’s office. He glared sharply at Ashin while Ashin was trying his best to avoid the gaze on him, his eyes wandering all over the ceiling.

“What the hell is going on, Sir Ashin?”

“What do you mean?”

“What did you not tell me you would be picking up the young master?”

“That... well, I thought you already knew.”

“Even if you thought that way, you should have informed me or Milady.”

“...that...his Grace didn’t give any instruction to do so...”

Jerome grabbed him by the neck. It wasn’t like he was a rookie that had just become an administrative officer so, was that something a secretary should say?

If someone’s worked as long as Ashin has, they should have figured out the Duke’s nature by now.

It was very often that the Duke would give orders without the process to carry it out, and if one person could pass on his words to others then that was the end of it.

He had no interest in whether there was communication or not. It was all on their heads if there was a problem due to lack of communication.

And so, vassals of the Duke would often have short meetings between themselves to check if there were any holes in their knowledge.

“Do I have to point things out to you to that extent, Sir Ashin?”

Occasionally in some areas, the usually swift Ashin would strangely have his flexibility drop to a bottom when it came to work regarding the Duke.

Jerome heard a knock as he was about to continue speaking and after a while, the door opened slowly and Fabian’s head peeked in.

“What’s going on? Oh, Sir Ashin, It’s been a long time.”

“Fabian! It’s been a while. Then you brothers can sort out yourselves... I’ll just...”

They shared a brief handshake, lightly knocked their shoulders and as soon as the greeting was over, Ashin felt as though he’d found a way to survive and immediately scurried off.

“What’s the matter?” (Fabian)

Jerome sighed deeply.

“It’s not a big deal. Master isn’t here right now, what is it? Didn’t you hear he was going to deal with the barbarians?” (Jerome)

“I know. I received different order so I came here. It seems like the young master is here?”

“He arrived a little while ago.”

“Your expression doesn’t seem good. Is her Grace very unhappy?”

“No, it’s not like that.”

Unhappy? She liked it so much that even her steps grew lighter. He gave up on explaining to Fabian because Fabian would just call it nonsense. He would allow Fabian to see it with his own eyes.

“I was suddenly asked to bring the family registry document so was wondering what was going on. The young master is back, huh.”

“...Registry documents?”

“Although I don’t know if her Grace has given her consent. How are those two these days? Is his Grace still in his honeymoon mood?”

“Watch your words.”

Jerome seemed very unimpressed with the topic as he frowned intensely and Fabian awkwardly shrugged his shoulders.

“What of the capital? Anything new?” (Jerome)

“There’s always something new in that place.”

Fabian recalled an incident that had caused a racket in the high society not too long ago. Roy Krotin, the current escort to the crown prince, beat a knight of a Count’s family half-dead.

It wouldn’t be a problem if it was a legitimate duel but the duel was quite undefined.

It would be correct to say he was suppressed by Roy’s skills but the method was controversial.

Roy provoked the Knight by not drawing his sword; saying that if he was made to draw his sword, he would admit defeat, causing the opposing knight to blow his top.

And Roy beat up the Knight that jumped at him with his sword like a rag doll.

When Fabian first heard the news, he was speechless but afterwards, he couldn’t stop laughing. He knew that Roy was someone that his Lord often wreaked havoc on to beat sense into him.

Sure enough, there was controversy as to whether it was a fair duel. The count ran around asking what type of duel that was meanwhile at the crown prince’s side, when he heard that Roy had crushed them with his skills, he burst into laughter.

And so, suddenly, Roy swiftly became the center of interest in the social circles. Fabian found the situation extremely hilarious but he didn’t think Jerome would find it funny too so he just kept it to himself.

“Ah right. These days, there’s a rumor floating around about the mine that his Grace gave as a dowry.” (Fabian)

“Why has that turned into a rumor?”

A dowry was a private matter that only those involved in the exchange should know about.

For the receiver, it said how much one sold their daughter for, and for the giver, it was how much money one paid for their wife and so, to keep up appearances, it was the proper courtesy not to talk about it.

“What do you think? It’s obvious who spread it. The King must have boasted about it so it spread.”

“That...tsk.”

The two brothers clicked their tongue in disapproval towards the senseless king.

“Anyways, that’s why all sorts of rumors are flying around. It is said that because her Grace is such a beauty, even if a man looks from afar he would fall for her so his Grace fell for her at a glance, gave away his entire mine and dragged her to his estate so that no one could see her.”

Honestly speaking, her Grace wasn’t to that extent.

Looking at the sight of Fabian giggling away, Jerome clicked his tongue.

“Someone like Milady is beautiful.”

“...Did you eat something wrong?”

“Mmn, The problem is poking fun at other people without any basis. That’s too much...”

“What’s too much? His Grace doesn’t care about things like rumors.”

Was it really like that? Jerome had a hunch that his master wouldn’t be indifferent to rumors concerning her Grace. He was almost certain of it.

Translator’s Corner:

1. Basically it’s saying that they are tough men to the extent you have to wonder if they really have blood in their veins.

< — Damian — > (3)

TN: Here’s another chapter I just love love and love.

Damian thought he’d slept for a long time but when he got up, it was still bright outside.

Damian’s bedroom was located in one of the buildings connected to the central tower. It was a room originally build to be a nursery for the Duke’s children.

It was considerably wide ranging from the bedroom to the study room, enough for up to ten children to stay in.

When he looked outside the window from the second floor of the bedroom that had been his until he left for boarding school, he could see the garden that was covered with colorful flowers.

‘Is this the work of the Duchess...’

He’d thought that flowers were unsuitable for the dreary Ducal House but surprisingly, they didn’t look out of place and the scent of the flowers filled the air.

He didn’t usually feel any sort of love or hate towards flowers but he thought it would be good to see the garden that was full of flowers.

And so, Damian went down to the garden. The scent that filled his nose was much more intense.

“Damian.”

It was first time the boy realized that his name could be said so sweetly. He stopped abruptly and turned to look at the approaching Duchess. As Damian laid his eyes on the Duchess who looked extremely happy, he tilted his head.

‘Why is she happy?’

“Did you sleep well? You woke up pretty early. Aren’t you hungry?”

It was a soft and clear voice. Her pleasant voice was filled with goodwill. Damian pulled the reins of his cautiousness tighter. What an incredible actress.

“...I’m okay for now.”

“Have I perhaps interrupted you?”

“No.”

Damian had no memory of his birth mother and whether it was his professors or the students at the academy, they were all male. The women that worked in the kitchen or did the chores were all middle-aged women.

He’d never conversed with a young woman that he wasn’t in an employment relationship with, so he was extremely awkward.

“I thought the garden looked great so I came here.” (Damian)

“I just planted a bunch of flowers but I’m glad you think it’s nice.” (Lucia)

“You can speak more comfortably.” (Damian) (TN: She’d been using formal speech)

“Mm...Sure? I don’t really care much but...would that be more comfortable for you?”

“Yes.”

“Alright. If you’re taking a walk, would you like to take a short walk with me?” (TN: She’s switched to informal)

“...Yes.”

As they silently walked through the path in the garden, Lucia continued to sneak glances at the boy.

The more she looked, the more amazed she got. It seemed like her heart that had been wanting to see him could be satisfied by looking at Damian for some time.

Even the boy’s stiff and polite tone somehow resembled him.

“I heard you were at boarding school. Is this a vacation?”

“...There are no vacations but an outing is possible. His Grace asked me to come so I came. He also asked me to give my greetings to the Duchess.”

“Ah...”

Damian was definitely keeping a distance from her. She could feel it.

‘Although truthfully, if he’d called me mother once...mm....it may have been a tad creepy...’

When noble children reach the age of discretion, they would oftentimes become obsessed with a sense of entitlement and become arrogant and impudent.

There were also cases where they remain the same even after they matured, but still, when they grew older, they learnt how to keep what they really thought inside and pretend on the outside.

Damian was now eight years old but was as disciplined as a knight. But even so, she could only see him as the child he was.

‘Is this the power of boarding schools? Then it would be nice to send all noble children to boarding schools.’

The fact that she was not in a position high enough to enforce such a thought was the fortune of all noble children.

“Damian, honestly speaking, right now, it is hard for me to think of you as a son .”

So direct—! Damian paused in surprise and looked at Lucia.

“You too, right? It’s hard for you to think of me as your mother.”

I didn’t expect this kind of method! Damian chose his words carefully.

“...I apologize. Did I make a mistake...”

“No. I’m not blaming you, I’m just saying it’s natural. We’ve just met, we don’t know each other so it’s only natural to be unfamiliar.”

Red eyes much smaller than his (Hugo’s) looked at Lucia. He evoked in Lucia the image of a young animal that had just learned about the world. He lifted his eyebrows adorably, searching her like she was the first existence he’d ever seen.

To the Lucia who had gotten accustomed to the predatory gaze of the gigantic beast called Hugo, Damian’s sharp gaze was merely just that.

‘So cute. So cute!’

Her hands were fidgeting. She wanted to pinch his cheeks a little or even pat his head.

Lucia restrained herself from doing so as that would make him more vigilant.

“We only differ in age by ten years. If I had a ten year old child at my age, then your father becomes a criminal.” (Lucia) (1)

Damian quickly suppressed the huge smile that was about to break out on his face.

“So, I want us to try and get a little bit closer to each other. Instead of being so formal and calling me ‘Duchess’, call me by my name, Lucia. It’s my childhood name.”

“...”

“Let’s get along from now on, Damian.”

Lucia had been influenced in various ways from hanging out with Kate. It would be hard to change her fundamental character but she liked Kate’s straightforward way of speaking so she was trying to be more like that.

She stretched out her hand to ask for a handshake while Damian stared blankly at her hand. He couldn’t make out what the Duchess wanted.

Why would she want to do such a troublesome thing? Damian was definitely the weaker party between him and the Duchess. He was young in age and an illegitimate child.

When the Duchess gives birth to a child in the future, he would be an obstacle. There was no reason for the Duchess to try and improve their relationship.

“Is that difficult?” (Lucia)

“...No.”

Damian grabbed the Duchess’s hand in front of him.

‘I don’t know what her true motive is but...since I can’t read my opponent yet, I have no choice but to accept.’

Although Damian was young, he wasn’t an idiot that would reveal his aggression to an opponent whose intentions he couldn’t grasp.

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. If she hid a knife behind her smile, he would do the same too. He was still young and did not have any power.

It was a time where he definitely could not upset anyone.

‘Seems like it will be hard to get close.’ (Lucia)

Damian thought he was hiding his thoughts but to the Lucia that had experienced a lot in life, the vigilance of a young child was obvious to her.

Even if she said that she wasn’t his enemy, he wouldn’t believe her.

With his position as an illegitimate child without a mother around to embrace him and a father that did not give him warm care and attention, no matter who it was, they would be disillusioned.

‘After some time, it will be okay. My sincerity will definitely be seen someday.’

Lucia knew that she would love his son just as much as she loved him.

Translator’s Corner:

1. I’m not sure if the joke came across well(sorry) but she’s saying that if she’s the biological mother of a 10 year old child at her age (she’s 18 i think), then his father becomes a criminal (cuz she would have to have given birth at 8 years old for that to happen).

*Ah fluff. Fluff is good for my heart ❤

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 33
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (4)

TN: I was about to ship it then I remembered the age difference *cough*. You’ll understand when you read.

Anna returned from her outing with her hands full of books tied up in a string. These days, she’d been working on finding a cure for the Duchess.

She’d combed through the bookstore and collected all the books related to medicinal herbs and asked the owner of the bookstore to definitely contact her whenever a related book came in.

As Anna walked through the castle gates and entered the castle, she saw Dorothy, a middle-aged woman that she was usually close to, some distance away.

She wanted to raise her voice and greet her but because Dorothy was holding onto a man and acting fussy as she subserviently bowed her waist, she just watched blankly.

‘Just looking at his attire, he doesn’t seem like someone in a high position...’

When they separated, Anna approached Dorothy.

“Who was that? Seems like someone I’m seeing for the first time.”

“The first time? Well, He is indeed someone full of wanderlust. He’s the Duke’s doctor.”

“The Duke’s doctor? Why have I never seen such a person?”

“You haven’t stayed long in the castle. We didn’t hear any news from him for a few years then he returned, stayed for a few days and left again. This time, he’s stayed for almost two or three months. I don’t know when he’ll be leaving again.”

“Is it okay for a doctor to just leave like that?”

“Because our Duke is such a strong person, he doesn’t really need a doctor. It’s often joked that the most idle person here is the Duke’s doctor. But there is no one here that doubts his ability after all, our youngest had almost died but lived thanks to him.”

Even though Anna was having a conversation, she kept glancing in the direction Philip had disappeared in.

The next day, Anna went to find Philip at his residence. It was wooden house nestled at the corner of the outer walls. There was thick tree near the house making it seem even more remote.

A primary physician should be able to arrive as early as possible if there was an emergency which was why Anna stayed inside of the castle.

Although it was said that he was the Duke’s primary doctor, he always left his position to go on vacations, never looked for the Duke, and his residence was far away.

Somehow, there seemed to be an inside story to all of it. Just in time, Anna finally found Philip sitting on a chair in the backyard.

“Hello, Sir Philip. I am Anna, the Duchess’ doctor. I heard the Duke’s doctor was around so I came meet you and at the same time, give my greetings.”

The old man with a somewhat odd air around him watched Anna slowly, as though he were searching her face, then displayed a good natured smile.

“Nice to meet you. You can just call me Philip.”

“For me too, just call me Anna.”

“You’re a precious guest, come in. I will bring out some tea.”

Philip’s friendly response caused Anna’s heart that was little nervous to relax and she followed him inside the house.

They drank tea, exchanged a few meaningless pleasantries and after a few words, the conversation became increasingly more about topics related to medicine.

Because they were both doctors, it was a common topic that they could talk about for even a whole day. During the conversation they had, Anna admired two things.

Philip’s polite and elegant attitude and his medical knowledge. It was an occasion where the occupation of a doctor and the status of a noble Baron were impeccable.

Although, as a doctor, Anna was more focused on Philip’s medical knowledge.

‘This person is skilled.’

Anna couldn’t keep up with Philip’s intelligence. Doctors usually have a unique treatment method that only themselves know about or have some understanding concerning diseases but when Philip began to speak, there was nothing he didn’t know.

Or rather, he would even suggest an easier treatment method.

‘If it’s him... he might know about her Grace’s symptoms.’

From the start, Anna’s original purpose was to seek advice regarding the Duchess’ symptoms. However, unlike the general sicknesses, her Grace’s symptoms were a personal secret.

It continuously bothered her conscience as a doctor because a patient’s secret must strictly be protected.

환자의 비밀을 엄수해야 한다는 의사의 양심이 자꾸 걸렸다

Even if they were doctors that worked in the same place, she couldn’t readily talk about the symptoms.

And if Anna looked at another patient, she was still the primary doctor of the Duchess. It wasn’t something that she could just close her eyes and deny.

Anna eventually decided on just studying as much medical books as she could then departed from Philip’s residence.

As Anna was returning from meeting Philip, she was summoned by Jerome.

“I called you because I have something to say. It seems you met Sir Philip today.” (Jerome)

“I...Are you monitoring me?”

“Ah, don’t misunderstand. The one under surveillance isn’t you, Anna but Sir Philip.”

In the past, the Duke had appeared quite displeased when he’d heard of Sir Philip living within the castle. It was very rare for his master to reveal his feelings.

Jerome didn’t know the details but he could tell that there was something so Jerome placed more eyes around Philip to watch him closely.

Jerome’s tight surveillance started some time ago, from the moment Philip arrived at the city of Roam. But Jerome did not know that there was another set of eyes monitoring Philip.

They were hidden guards at Damian’s side and one of their missions was to block Philip from approaching Damian. Because Damian had returned to Roam, Philip was now under double monitoring.

“I’m not saying that you cannot meet. You also don’t have to say what you’ve talked about. But you cannot allow Sir Philip meet her Grace or mention him to her. I have been instructed to not allow her Grace to learn of Sir Philip’s existence.” (Jerome)

Anna wanted to ask why. There was many things about this that she couldn’t understand but Anna was just a doctor. If the ones above say so, she had to follow.

“If you don’t mind us meeting then...Sir Philip is a competent doctor. Is it okay for me to ask for advice on treatment methods for her Grace?”

Jerome thought about it for a moment.

“If it’s just that, then it’s fine. But, her Grace can only know it as your treatment.”

“...I understand.”

As being under surveillance from the ones above was an extremely uncomfortable thought, Anna did not go to find Philip for a few days.

But when she began to think that if Philip were to go on another trip, the day they meet would be in the distant future, she grew nervous. Eventually, she went back to see Philip.

“Anna, welcome.”

Philip looked happy to have a guest and his expression was very kind. All the way here, Anna had been full of anxiety.

What kind of person was he that he had to be monitored? Did he commit a great evil?

She was nervous and worried that she might be dragged into this pointlessly but in the face of Philip’s hospitality, she felt unnecessarily guilty.

‘If he did something evil, then surely he wouldn’t just be under surveillance. Sir Philip is a doctor but he’s also a baron, therefore it’s probably some kind of political issue.’

And so, afterwards, Anna steadily visited Philip. A doctor’s knowledge was practically their property so Anna grew to sincerely respect the Philip that taught her freely.

As for Philip, since he was always alone, having a friend that he could have a conversation made his life much more enjoyable.

He folded his thoughts of leaving soon and spent his time conversing with Anna or sometimes going outside the castle with her and offering their medical services to the poor.

The relationship between the two was very similar to one between a master and his disciple.

< — Damian — > (4)

TN: Ha-ha, sorry bout the mobile theme. Was tweaking the site a bit but it should be up for good now.

After Damian arrived, the serenity in Roam remained the same as usual. Lucia’s life did not change either.

During the day, she would take care of the garden and in the evening, she would read books in the study.

Since the Lady of the House was the same as usual, the employees that were a little nervous went back to normal.

Meanwhile, Damian was busy studying hard. He spent the most of the day alone in his room looking through books.

For the boy, the Academy was the only thing that could prove his existence. He could never relax on it.

The boy who had been completely absorbed in his books lifted his head to the sound of knocking coming from his door.

A while after, a servant came in, stood by the door and spoke.

“Young master, dinner is ready.”

“Okay.”

He didn’t realize that much time had flown by. Damian close the book without any hesitation and stood up.

He walked out of the room and his steps towards the dining room were light. Twice a day, he had lunch and dinner with the Duchess.

It was just sitting down, facing each other and having a meal but as time passed, Damian began to look forward to this time.

When Damian arrived at the dining room, no one had arrived yet. He sat down and waited for a bit then Lucia came in. Damian quickly got up, took out a chair and helped Lucia into her seat.

“Thank you, Damian.”

Lucia smiled, greeting him and in response, Damian bowed his head slightly then returned to his seat. It was quiet throughout the meal.

There was usually next to no conversation between them as they ate. There were even more times when they didn’t utter a single word.

Damian was unlike a child as he was reserved and Lucia was also not the talkative type. But neither Damian nor Lucia felt the silence was uncomfortable.

While they were eating, Damian accidentally dropped his fork and a maid quickly approached to replace it with a new fork. This minor mistake passed smoothly as though nothing had happened.

Damian glanced at the maid that had moved to serve him. He could feel that the attitude of the employees that attended to him were very careful.

It didn’t mean that there was an employee that was rude to his before he left for boarding school. Even though people said all sorts of things about his illegitimacy or what not, from the point of view of the employees, he was in a very high position.

However before, they seemed like a sturdy robots that only fulfilled their duties. In comparison to that time, they showed a bit more enthusiasm as they served and complied with his wishes.

Damian knew all about the Duchess’ favor and the Duchess did not conceal her goodwill towards him. And since the employees watched and listened as they served them, they acted a lot more careful with Damian.

The amount of time that Damian met the Duchess in a day did not amount to much. Most of the time, he studied then it was meal time and after which they would take a walk.

The Duchess’ favor was not excessive and she did not try to stir up his mind or pull it down. As time passed in this manner, Damian’s boundaries relaxed.

If Damian was even a little bit older, the door to his heart would have been tightly shut but he was just eight years old. He was a young child that missed affection but had never even learnt what it was.

After dinner, neither of them said a word about going to the garden together for a walk but they naturally began to walk there together.

“You are eagerly studying most of the time, right? I find that admirable.” (Lucia)

The tips of Damian’s ears grew slightly red.

“That’s because...I don’t want to lag behind when I return to the Academy.”

“You said this wasn’t a vacation but an outing, right? Can you go out at any time?”

“You have to receive permission and there is a limit of 30 days per year. I didn’t know his Grace wouldn’t be here. I have no way of knowing when he will be back so I’m not quite sure if I will be able to return within the 30 day limit.”

Damian’s expression got a little darker.

The 30 days limit was not going to be a big issue. The Duke would be able to deal with any problems of that sort but the semester would have already flown by.

“Why don’t you call him father? Did he say you have to call him that way?”

“...It’s not like that. I just...thought he’d dislike it...”

“Why do you think so? That’s just your presumption. Try calling him father, he definitely would not dislike it.”

“...”

“And Damian, you haven’t called me by my name. Did you think I wouldn’t notice you were deliberately omitting my name? When you call me, will you go, ‘hey’, ‘you there’. You aren’t doing that, are you?”

The red eyes of the boy shook.

“No. I don’t do that...”

“Then you can say it. I call you Damian, don’t I?”

“...Yes...Lucia.”

Damian grew silent then spoke abruptly.

“May I ask you a question?”

“Any time.” (Lucia)

“Don’t you hate me?”

“I don’t hate you.”

Without any pause, Lucia responded lightly, as though it was an everyday conversation.

“Do you think I should hate you?” (Lucia)

“...I think if you must, you should.”

“Where is there such a saying? The feeling of hate hurts one just as much as it hurts one’s enemy. Why would I bother myself with such an unnecessary emotion? I don’t hate you and I don’t have any plans of doing so in the future.”

“...”

But if the Duchess gave birth to a child and he becomes a roadblock in the future of her child, from that moment onwards, her goodwill towards him would change into hatred.

Damian couldn’t believe the words of the Duchess.

“Damian, ever since I got married, I’ve known about you. Your father married me on the condition that I acknowledge you.”

Damian couldn’t believe it.

“That man is probably not an affectionate father but don’t think that he hates you. He is a man clumsy at expressing himself. If he hated you, he wouldn’t have bothered to make you his successor.”

Damian couldn’t believe it but he wanted to believe. Nobody’d ever told the boy something like this before.

There was contempt and disapproval towards the crude illegitimate child and faced with the indifference from his father’s cold gaze, he’d clenched his teeth and worked harder. So, Lucia’s tender comfort squeezed into the gaps in the boy’s heart.

“Do you hate your father?”

Hate. He’d never dared to think that way. Damian knew just how much what he had was beyond his means. He was just an illegitimate child with a non-noble biological mother but he was given recognition by his high ranking noble father and was appointed as his successor.

[Just graduate. Then this place is yours.]

The Duke sent Damian to boarding school with only this condition. It was a ridiculously easy condition.

And because of his scary father, even though there were many hateful gazes, nobody tried to harm the boy directly.

Of the Taran bloodline, excluding the Duke, there was only Damian so there were no competitors. So, harboring complaints was something Damian wouldn’t do.

“No. He is...someone I admire.”

The boarding school where the boy was attending was a prestigious academy where nobles and those of royal blood gathered from various countries.

Because the school system was personalized for each student, there were students like Damian who boarded long term and while the shortest course of study could be two years, it varied greatly.

There was no one among the people that came from all over the world that did not know of Xenon’s Taran Duke. His remarkable prowess in the war that ended not too long ago was more famous in other countries, especially in enemy countries, than in his home country.

Damian had heard that his knights were revered almost like gods. That his father was so great, no one could surpass him.

In the Academy, Damian lived without revealing who his father was, as well as his country of origin. It wasn’t that the Duke had asked him to conceal it.

But that Damian was afraid of the gazes that might follow. Gazes that would say, ‘Ah, an extraordinary person like that merely has son like this.’

The boy’s goal was to safely secure his status as the successor and one day, succeed the Duke.

But he’d never thought about why that is or what he would like to do after he became the Duke. He only feared he would be abandoned if he wasn’t useful because his father just needed someone to inherit his title.

Damian never hoped for his father’s affection. He was satisfied with even a little recognition.

That way he knew he wasn’t completely useless. If he was accommodated that much, then he had nothing more to ask for.

“I see. It is a desirable thing for a son to admire his father.” (Lucia)

Lucia seemed to have something pressing down on her chest the entire time. The tragic case of the Taran family was an unpleasant incident and it seems like the relationship between father and son wasn’t very good, so she was inwardly worried.

“What part of him do you admire? That he’s a great Knight? Or that he’s a powerful lord that rules over the vast North?”

“...Because he’s strong.” (Damian)

It was a statement that sounded like pure nonsense but Lucia agreed. He was correct. To Lucia, it didn’t seem like there was anyone under the sky stronger than him.

He was a man that made one want to lean on him, both physically and mentally.

“Yes. He is indeed strong.”

Like a colossal tree, standing firm and unyielding; enough to make one want to lean on its base and seek refuge in its shadows.

“Damian, do you wish to become strong?”

“Yes.”

“You could be. You are your father’s son.”

“...Yes.”

The wind blew softly, lightly brushing past the two of them. The scent of flowers carried by the wind was so sweet, it filled Damian’s heart with pleasure.

There were no words but there was a smile on their faces as they continued to walk. It was another peaceful day.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 34
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (5)

TN: Hope you guys enjoy this one, not a lot happens but I had a blast translating it.

Lucia had rarely gone horseback riding ever since Damian arrived and as she was preparing to once again go riding for a bit, Kate came to visit.

The two greeted each other with a light embrace.

Kate had not been able to visit for a while as she’d been taking care of her injured grand aunt, Countess Corzan.

Perhaps she’d been weakened because of old age for Madam Michelle fell down the stairs and terribly sprained her ankle.

It was to the point where she could barely move so she chose the one she dotted on the most, her niece, Kate, to be her care-taker.

Even though her grandaunt was usually nagging and strict, Kate stayed by her side and took care of her.

“How is Madam Michelle?” (Lucia)

“She’s limping a little but she can walk around now. She asked me to tell you she’s thankful for the medicine you sent, they’ve shown great efficiency.”

“It’s my pleasure to be of help.”

At the beginning, Madam Michelle was a frequent visitor to Roam but after Lucia opened tea parties several times and handled her socializing effortlessly, Madam Michelle’s visit came to a stop due to her poor health.

And ever since Kate became a frequent visitor, they’d been exchanging words to and from through Kate.

“This is my real purpose of coming to see you today, Lucia.”

Kate placed the basket that she came in with on the table.

“It’s the present I promised you last time. Open it.”

Lucia carefully removed the cover of the basket and exclaimed.

“Oh my!”

Suddenly, a blinding bright light came in causing a certain pair of big black eyes to blink. The disheveled fox with fluffy light yellow fur shook its big ears.

It was conscious of Lucia’s gaze on it for a short moment then soon enough it yawned and closed its eyes. It moved its bushy tail and wrapped it around its body for cover.

The lovely creature that was small enough to fit into both hands instantly captured Lucia’s heart.

“Goodness! It’s lovely!”

Lucia placed her hand on her chest to pace her thumping heart. She’d gone to the fox hunt and seen the foxes that the ladies raised but none of them was as adorable as the one in front of her.

“It’s also my first time seeing such a beauty. Even when it grows up, it will be beautiful.” (Kate)

Kate had promised to obtain a fox for Lucia for fox hunting.

“You have to obtain them when they are young to tame them. Look after it frequently, it has to recognize its owner before its growth phase. If this time passes, you can’t give any excuses.”

“I understand.”

“I’ll send you a list of things you need to watch out for when raising a fox later.”

“Thank you, Kate. It’s such a wonderful gift...”

The two women descended into conversation about fox hunting for a while.

“Oh, where is my mind? I was about to go horse-riding. Do you want to join me Kate?”

“I didn’t plan on doing so at first, but I’ve been wanting to go riding for a while. I’ll go.”

“Ah, and I have someone I want to introduce to you.”

Lucia called a maid and instructed her to call Damian.

“Damian is here. He’s home for a change but I’m not sure if there would be another time to introduce him to you.”

“Who...?”

“I’m talking about his Grace the Duke’s son. Well, he’s also my son now.”

Kate’s expression instantly stiffened.

“...What?”

“Could it be you’ve never heard of it? From what I know, the fact that Damian is his successor has already been made public.”

“...ah...well...I’ve heard a little...”

The life of the Duke was a taboo topic amongst northern nobles. It wasn’t like someone ordered them to keep their mouths shut but they knew to be careful with what they said.

It was thanks to the efforts of the Northern people that no rumors of the son and successor of the Taran Duke had spread in the Capital’s noble circles.

Meanwhile the Taran duke didn’t care whether one deliberately spreads a rumor or one watches what they say. In the North, Damian was a fleeting existence.

“You called for me?”

Looking at the black-haired, red-eyed boy that had walked into the drawing room for a while, Kate swallowed tensely. She hadn’t finished preparing her mind.

“Say hello, Damian. This is pretty much the only guest that visits me in Roam. My friend, Kate Milton.”

Damian looked indifferently at Kate who was unable to hide her puzzlement. He was familiar with such looks and expressions towards himself. He was deluded for a moment due to the innocent goodwill the Duchess had shown to him all this while.

As his mood sank a little, he lowered his head in a nodding manner.

“It is an honor to meet a beautiful lady like yourself, Lady Milton. My name is Damian.”

“Ah...yes. I...I am also honored, Young Lord.”

Kate hadn’t ever had such a hard time managing her expression. Even when in the past she was walking around the city and stepped on her dress ripping it, she could manage her expression.

As for the Duchess sitting next to her,

“Wow, your words are so... geez. Who would say you aren’t your father’s son?”

After saying so, she burst into laughter. It was a feeling of seeing a comedy and she couldn’t help but laugh.

“Do you know how to ride a horse, Damian? Or shall I bring a colt?”

“I know how to ride a horse. I learned at the Academy.”

“Seems like there’s nothing you can’t do. Kate, he’s marvelous, isn’t he? He’s only eight but he knows how to ride a horse.”

“Ah...yes. It’s...great.”

It was definitely not common for an eight year old to know how to properly ride a horse but it was very possible for someone of the young Lord’s huge stature as he exceeded that of the usual eight year old.

Moreover, he was the son of the Taran Duke whose name was hailed among Knights.

However, Kate didn’t have any intention of diminishing Lucia’s feeling of pride so she just humored her.

“Damian, we were going to go horseback riding now but we can all go together.”

Damian took a glance at Kate’s stiffening expression. He tried to laugh but it was a sign that told him he was an unwelcome guest.

“No, it’s okay. I still have books I have to read.”

“While studying is good, you can’t keep studying all the time, especially when you’re at the prime of your age. Don’t you want to grow bigger?”

Big. Damian flinched at the sensitive topic.

“You have to grow as big as your father, right?”

Damian nodded his head.

“Kate, would it be okay if Damian joins us? Sorry I didn’t ask for consent beforehand.”

“No...It’s fine. But Lucia, the horse-riding field we’re going to... only women can enter.”

“I know.”

Lucia tilted her head as though asking ‘What’s the problem?’

“Damian is just eight years old. He’s not a man.”

Translator’s Corner.

*That last sentence....

*Sorry for the intrusion... ¯_(ツ)_/¯.

< — Damian — > (5)

TN: So I’m sensing a bit of confusion but Lucia and Hugo have reconciled in 29[part 2].

It was only for an instant but Kate witnessed the distorted expression of the young Lord of Taran.

The boy that looked unlike his eight-year-old age with his upright and huge build, suddenly seemed his age when he heard those straightforward words.

Kate turned her head away slightly and let out a small laugh. She felt a bit sorry for the boy’s broken pride.

In the horse-riding field, when the noble ladies came up to greet Lucia, she had them greet Damian.

The noble ladies were as though they’d all bitten an unripe fruit for they all had sour expressions as they begrudgingly gave their greetings.

Some looked at Lucia unable to understand it at all, some looked at her with gazes that said she was too young to know about the world while some looked at her with worried gazes.

Lucia was indifferent to their gazes and acted as though she didn’t notice them. From time to time, Damian gave Lucia a peculiar gaze.

“This child is Emily.”

Lucia introduced her favorite horse to Damian. Damian took in its entire appearance and so as not to surprise it, he walked slowly to its front then stroked its back.

“It’s a good horse.” (Damian)

“You know how to discern horses?”

“I only know how to tell if it’s a good horse or not. I’m not an expert.”

“But I don’t know how to do even that. To me, because Emily is my horse, she’s the prettiest but all horses look the same to me. Kate, isn’t it great? Damian is very young but he knows a lot.”

Looking at the face of the Duchess that was filled with joy and pride, Kate simply chimed in with a smile. She sneaked a glance at the young Lord who was embarrassed and had turned his head seemingly occupied with other things.

At first, Kate couldn’t understand why Lucia was like this but eventually decide to just accept it since it wasn’t a bad thing for their mother-son relationship to get better.

After a few rounds of circling around the riding field, they ended their light session of horse riding and the two women went into the lounge (break room). As Damian had opted to keep riding, he was still outside on the field.

Every table in the lounge was filled with women, seated in groups of twos and threes. Unlike the original intention for building it, the lounge of the horse-riding field had increasingly become an active social gathering spot for women.

“People’s gazes on Damian were much colder than I expected.” (Lucia)

Kate was unsure of what reply to give so she just listened.

“Even though he’s the successor that his Grace the Duke personally chose, why are they like that?”

“That’s... probably because of the unwritten rules. Although the law states that a son would be recognized as a qualifier once they enter the family register, in reality, there are next to no cases where a son that enters the registry like that inherits the title. The ones that become Counts are barely a handful and there’s been no precedence where they’re titled higher than Marquis.”

“I see. I didn’t know that.”

In Lucia’s dream, she didn’t have any children so when she lived as the Countess, she didn’t pay attention to matters concerning succession.

“Then what happens if an official has no children apart from the child that was entered into the registry?”

“Most people adopt a son from among their relatives.”

It was the so-called noble pride.

It is said that an illegitimate child should be extremely grateful to even be recognized as a qualifier. Although Lucia was of the royal family, looking closer, she was also an illegitimate child so it left a bad taste in Kate’s mouth.

An elderly noble woman walked up to Kate and Lucia’s table. She was Countess Philia, a woman extremely healthy for her age and not inferior to anyone in her enjoyment of horse riding.

Lucia remembered hearing that when the women-only equestrian(horseback riding) practice field was created, the Countess had praised the Taran Duke till her mouth ran dry.

They went through the usual ceremonial motions of greeting each other and sending their best regards then the Countess placed two flower baskets on the table.

“I got a granddaughter just recently and it is a northern tradition to present yellow flowers to people around me as I wish for my granddaughter to be healthy and to grow up beautifully.”

“Oh my, Congratulations. Your granddaughter will grow up beautifully and healthy just like the Countess.”

When the Countess turned around to hand out flower baskets to other people, Kate spoke.

“It is a northern tradition but these days there aren’t many people that do it. Countess Philia seems quite trusting of this tradition. It is indeed correct to give out yellow flowers but...it isn’t common to give out this flower...its prices are tremendous. Countess Philia looks very happy, she must have spent a fortune.”

Lucia glanced at the flower basket and smiled ambiguously. The beautiful yellow roses looked as though they were flaunting their elegance.

***

The employees were lined up outside as usual to welcome the Lady of the House as she returned from her outing to the horse-riding field.

The door of the carriage opened and Lucia stepped down from the carriage. When Jerome discovered the basket of yellow roses in her hands, he grew frightened.

“Kkuk!”

Jerome let out a strange sound in spite of himself but was quick to cover it up by dryly clearing his throat. The employees that noticed it acted like they didn’t hear anything.

Lucia gave him an odd look then held out her basket of flowers.

“Countess Philia said she’d gotten a granddaughter and gave me a present.”

“Ah, yes...”

After accepting the basket of flowers, Jerome heaved a long sigh. He didn’t want to see yellow roses anymore.

Lucia and Damian sat face to face in the receiving room, drinking tea while Jerome stood at the side, waiting on them with more tea.

“Now that I think about it, there are no roses in the garden. I’m thinking of making a rose garden next spring, what are your thoughts, Jerome?”

Jerome’s expression froze.

“About roses...can you think over it again...?”

“Why?”

“Master doesn’t... particularly like them.”

Lucia’s eyes grew round as she looked at Jerome then she spoke to Damian.

“Damian, tell me honestly. Did you know that there were no roses in the garden?”

“I didn’t know.”

“See? Jerome, unless a man is particularly interested in flowers, he wouldn’t really know that. I doubt if my husband is able to differentiate between varieties of flowers. Although I’m sure there’s one flower he can distinguish. Yellow...”

“K-hm. K-hm.”

Jerome overdramatically cleared his throat causing a small laugh to escape from Lucia’s mouth.

“Don’t worry, even if I plant roses, I’ll exclude that color.”

The color itself wasn’t the problem but the Duke had ordered that he didn’t want to lay his eyes on any roses. This was serious. Jerome’s back broke out in cold sweat.

Damian returned to his room and Jerome finally said what he’d been hesitatant to say for a while.

“Milady, about the yellow rose I talked to you about the other day. You asked me who the last recipient was, right?”

“Yes, I did. I remember.”

“Under Master’s orders, I sent a yellow rose to the Countess of Falcon.”

Jerome became nervous when she didn’t say anything in reply.

‘I said something useless! What if I offended her?’

“Why so suddenly? They must’ve met?” (Lucia)

“No!! Absolutely not. I informed his Grace that Milady was curious about it and... he asked me to send it.”

“I see.”

Lucia’s expression was indifferent and she replied as though it was a trivial matter. Jerome grew restless as he tried to comprehend, even if it was just a little bit, the feelings of his Mistress.

Lucia really did think it was a trivial matter. Was her husband taking care of an old lover so great that she had to jump up in joy about it? However, Lucia felt as though something had been lifted off her chest and her heart grew soft.

The longing that had been satisfied in the meantime thanks to Damian once again rose up in her heart.

‘When are you coming back? I want to see you...’

One month after leaving to subjugate barbarians, the Lord of Roam who’d been away from his seat returned.

Translator’s Corner:

(1) Just in case, a receiving room is a living room. Pretty much, the place you receive guests hence receiving room.

Fun Facts:

I looked into the meaning of a yellow rose and initially found that yellow flowers in general are supposed to evoke joy, friendship, success, all that good stuff.

But, yellow roses specifically signal farewell, jealousy, infidelity or a finishing love. I also read that more recently (most likely for marketing) yellow roses have been paraded to mean friendship, joy and wt not.

TL;DR: I guess you could say yellow roses have two different meanings.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 35
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (6)

The time struck midnight. Unlike how he was usually, the Duke reeked with the strong smell of blood.

Due to the murderous atmosphere surrounding his master and the smell of blood, Jerome was frightened for a moment then he masked his expression.

“Milady is asleep and the young master had arrived. There’s nothing else of particular importance that needs to be reported.”

Jerome gave a brief report of what his master mostly wanted to know. Hugo simply nodded at him, turned around and walked away. As Jerome watched the further moving back of his master, he once again ordered a maid to prepare a bath for his master.

After which he turned around quietly and quickly chased after the group of Knights that were leaving the castle.

“Sir Heba!”

One of the Knights stopped walking and waited until Jerome had reached him.

“What’s wrong?” (Sir Heba)

Dean wondered quizzically as he looked at Jerome who seemed somewhat serious.

“Did something happen? The Lord doesn’t usually return covered in blood...”

“Ah, we met a group of thieves on our way back.”

“Thieves in the vicinity? I don’t think the security here is that lousy...”

“Tell me about it, I don’t know where they came from but they were robbing nearby peddlers and the Lord discovered it.”

“...I see. Did his Grace personally punish them? It seems they weren’t usual robbers.”

Instead of replying, Dean gave a wry smile. They weren’t professional robbers. It was unfortunate for those roaming beggars that were trying to steal and were caught.

Punishment? The Lord didn’t ask of their crimes. He just blew their throats off on the spot. Thanks to that, the peddlers that were able to escape from their robbers were much more afraid than they were grateful.

Through they were robbers, among them were young men that had not yet reached maturity but the Duke didn’t tolerate such charity. Rather than call it a punishment, it was more of a slaughter.

Dean would think that he’d gotten used to it but every time he witnessed the cruelty of the Duke, he would recoil. Just like today.

“So, you’re saying nothing else happened?”

“Yes. Pretty much.”

Dean shrugged. Apart from the death of a few thieves, there wasn’t much else that needed to be mentioned.

“When he was subduing barbarians, did his mood seem foul or...?”

When they were subduing barbarians, the manner in which the Lord killed them off was extremely cruel. It was on an entirely different level from the way he killed enemies in the past war.

Only the seasoned knights that accompanied him to subdue barbarians were able to see this side of him. It was not a situation that could easily be described with ‘he was in a bad mood’ or what not.

Dean was unable to put it in words so he just shook his head.

“I understand. It must have been a tiring journey. Please rest.” (Jerome)

“I will. Farewell”

***

Hugo spent a lot of time soaking in the bathtub as though to wash off the pungent smell of blood. However, the sickening bloody smell under his nose still didn’t disappear.

Before, such things had never bothered him but when he saw Jerome’s hesitant-to-draw-closer face, the face of his wife came to mind.

When he imagined her seeing him and stepping back in fear, his heart sank.

‘I don’t want to show this to her.’

The moment he reached that conclusion, the feeling of blood that he’d never felt anything wrong with before suddenly felt disgusting.

‘An Honorable Noble? A Mighty Knight? What rubbish.’

When he stripped off his shell, he was no more than a hunter. A slaughterer that hunted humans.

Hugo knew of the madness that flowed within his blood. It was tenacious as it urged him into that madness, for it wished to see rivers of blood.

If it weren’t for the past war, he would have probably become a notorious murderer. The dull feeling of a person’s neck flying off filled him with thrill, the smell of blood gave him a sense of liberation.

Even when he could see the desperation in the eyes of the people as they faced death, he didn’t feel any sort of guilt. He’d never had any nightmares either.

For generations, the Master of Taran was a mighty knight and a brilliant Lord. The Taran lineage had a special blood that passed down superior physical abilities and intellect to their descendants hence why the Taran family was obsessed with preserving the purity of their bloodline.

According to the words of Philip, Hugo was a successful product. However, he’d never felt proud of that fact.

[This cursed blood. I will gladly end it here.]

Although he performing solemnly at his conferment ceremony, inwardly, Hugo was grinding his teeth.

He wanted to trample the cursed Taran bloodline and not leave any traces. He wanted to revel in delight as those dead ancestors of his ran amok in hell with anger.

‘If only that old geezer didn’t come with Damian.’

When Philip appeared with Damian, Hugo’s resolve to end his own lineage became all for naught.

***

After Hugo was done with his bath, he walked to his bedroom then stood holding the door knob. After worrying for a while, he turned around and walked to his wife’s bedroom. After entering, it didn’t take long for his eyes to adjust to the darkness in her bedroom.

He walked to the bed and for a while, he stood, watching her sleeping figure on the bed. Although he was just looking at her, his heart felt somewhat strange.

It was as though his heart was sick for it because somehow, he found it difficult to just keep watching her.

He lifted up the blanket and slid in beside her. He wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her soft body into his arms.

He then buried his nose in her neck, breathing in her fruit-like fragrance. He closed his eyes and after a while, he could feel his sharpened nerves calm down.

Within Hugo, there were two sides that existed. The reason he could return to being the Taran Duke as though nothing happened after he’d hunted and soaked himself with the blood of humans was because he’d separated himself into two.

Perhaps a normal person would have gone insane but Hugo’s spirit was abnormally strong and tenacious.

However, it took more time in order for him to fully return to being Duke Hugo after becoming Hunter Hugo than when it was the opposite way around. He needed more time to calm down the madness in his blood as it got excited by slaughter.

Surprisingly, this time, perhaps because of the warmth in his arms, he was calming down much faster than usual.

Now that the excitement from slaughter had subsided, the heat in his lower abdomen began to spread throughout his body. At first, he’d just wanted to embrace her and fall asleep however after feeling her warm temperature, her soft skin and breathing her in, he couldn’t stand it anymore.

‘I’ll feel just a little bit...’

He slipped his hands inside her nightwear as he kissed her neck then he carefully squeezed her breast, watching for her reaction.

‘Will she wake up?’

Betraying his expectations, she was still fast asleep.

‘Why is she such a heavy sleeper?’

He grumbled. Her husband had been away for a long time and just returned, kissing and touching her yet she stayed asleep. He was dissatisfied. He refused to hold back anymore.

He sat up on the bed and kicked the blanket covering her to the ground. He lowered himself to her legs, lifted up her slender ankle and kissed the tip of her foot.

He put her small foot into his mouth, licking it with his tongue then sucked and rolled his tongue around it like candy.

He kissed and licked her ankle then moved his lips to her calf, sucking on it before giving it a light bite and kissing it.

He didn’t know if she was going to wake up even with all these caresses. He usually had a lot of work so he would retire late to the bedroom and sometimes he would wake her up after she slept off first.

She usually would have woken up at this point but today, it seemed like she was in a remarkably deep sleep.

However, seeing her like this only triggered his obstinacy. He lifted his hands to her waist and stripped off her petite lace panties.

He then grabbed her thighs and spread them apart causing the mouth of her bashfully concealed petal to open slightly. His lower abdomen began to throb at this sight causing him to frown.

He had to suppress his throbbing member that was begging to enter.

He lowered his lips to the pale, tender flesh of her thighs, suckling till he made a mark. As he looked at the red hickey, he gave a smile of satisfaction.

Because it wasn’t in an easily discoverable location, she wouldn’t be able say anything.

‘When would she find this mark?’

He really wanted to see her expression the moment she did. She would probably panic. Her face would go red and she wouldn’t know what to do.

He looked up again only to find her still fast asleep.

“Sleeping so well you wouldn’t even know when you’re carried away.”

‘Let’s see how far you can endure.’

He lowered his head again, kissing her hot spring that was hidden within her forest. He licked, suckled, swallowed and repeatedly swirled his tongue around it then slipped the tip of his tongue into her slightly open entrance.

As he licked her tender flesh and continuously ravaged her insides with his tongue, her dry spring began to flow.

Translator’s Corner:

*Abrupt ending. I know. Don’t hurt me. (ノдヽ)

*The words were so flowery this time hahaha.

< — Damian — > (6)

TN: Sorry for the cliff (I think?).

Lucia awakened to the feeling of strange heat spreading through her lower regions. In her half-asleep, half-awake state, she felt an external stimulus exciting the sensitive junction between her thighs.

Before she could grasp the situation, she felt an intense stimulation travel through her as something plunge inside of her.

“Hk!”

Both of her legs were held firmly apart and her most delicate part between her legs was being sucked up. She managed to lift her head and look down only to find his head buried between her legs.

Lucia forced her still asleep brain to function.

‘Is he back? Since when?’

However, she wasn’t able to contemplate for long. His pointy tongue touched her petite vaginal entrance and pierced into her. A tingling sensation travelled up her spine.

Lucia shuddered as though stuck by lightning and couldn’t help but utter a cry.

“Ah!”

His tongue wasn’t as hard as his fingers but it was a lot more accurate. Lucia felt intense excitement from the unseen stimulation. She grabbed the sheets tightly and her head trembled as she moaned.

Her waist swayed and she tried to close her thighs but he held her legs firmly apart so it didn’t turn out as she wished. He spread her legs strongly and violated her insides with his tongue.

He sucked intensely on her drooling entrance like it was an oasis discovered in a desert. He tasted her soft and moist inner flesh then explored deeper with his tongue, exciting her and enjoying her reactions.

As fluids gushed from her oasis, a thick smell spread out and he could see that she was fully awake. He fondled the small protrusion on her center with his tip of his tongue then poked and prodded before finally lightly biting down on it.

“Hk! Ah! Ang!”

Her small moans transformed into passionate cries. Until those cries turned to sobs, he did not take his lips off her vagina. He kissed, licked, suckled and swallowed.

He couldn’t stop himself savoring from the odd flavor and aroma of her body fluids. He sucked as though to swallow her aroused fleshy mound and in response, her waist shook excitedly in the air then flopped down.

Hugo licked from her lower abdomen and traveled all the way to her breasts. Her eyes were unfocused as they blankly stared at him.

It was a pity. If only the surroundings were a bit brighter then he would have been able to see her flushed appearance.

He wove his hands into her negligee and squeezed her chest. He grabbed her soft and tender breasts with his palms that were coarse from wielding the sword.

Her skin felt as smooth as the finest silk and every time he touched her he felt good. Whether it was her face that was without the slightest blemish or her milky teeth that had no defects.

The fact that only him, her husband would be able to feel and see such a sight satisfied his possessiveness.

He lowered his head and took a mouthful of the appetizing fruit in front of him. Stimulated by his caresses, her nipple stood firmly as it was fondled and swallowed by the anxious tongue.

She gave off a delicious fragrance. It was such a captivating smell that if he could, he’d swallow it all.

As he listened to her gasping and moaning sounds, he couldn’t help but admired how he was able to hold back and endure all this while.

From the first day of the hunt, he suffered from an overpowering sense of hunger (desire) and thirst. No matter how much he hunted barbarians, he was not satisfied.

[Whatever, I don’t give a damn.]

He tried to break off the string that had tied up his heart. Wavering? So what if I waver?

He alone was intoxicated with her and didn’t know what to do and she’d never tried to make him waver.

He reached out with one hand and spread her closed thighs apart. His member had hardened to the extent that it ached and was begging to be released.

He took a place between her legs and quickly lifted her weight. In a single thrust, he penetrated into her without any hindrances, hitting deep into her womb.

Her body flinched slightly as it accepted the intruder.

“Ah!”

“Haa...”

His hand supported her body while his other hand on the bed squeezed the sheets of the bed tightly. A grunting moan flowed out of his mouth.

This was it. Her slippery insides wrapped perfectly around his manhood as they squeezed. Their point of union fit tightly without any gaps.

As he burrowed his desire into her warm and wet insides, he was filled with a sense of perfect satisfaction. Her breasts under him bounced up and down with the little movements he made.

Her pink nipples, wet from his saliva and her glossy fair chest were littered with marks from him. Her taste that had been in his mouth till now still excited him.

He flicked her nipple with his tongue then licked it softly. He fondled and played with it a few times then took the whole thing into his mouth.

“Ung...Aah!”

He teasingly chewed on it before sucking with great force. He loosely rolled his tongue around it, lightly bit it then repeatedly suckled strongly.

Her body shuddered in excitement as she released a small moan and her inner walls clamped down on him tightly. Although it was good to taste her soft breasts, he couldn’t stay still anymore.

“Lift your waist.”

Only the end of his sentence flowed into her ears. Lucia who’d been moaning due to his persistent caresses felt thrill at the vague sound of his deep voice.

Vividly remembering his movements when he’d thrust deeply into her, her insides throbbed and squeezed at him.

Lucia watched as a suppressed groan left his mouth and her mouth felt dry. Her heart grew desperate and she reached out, grabbing his hand that was next to her while placing her other hand under the pillow then she wrapped both of her legs around his waist.

Hugo grabbed her buttocks, moved closer on his knees and lifted her waist into the air. He pulled out from her anxiously soaked inner walls and heavily drove his searing hot member deep into her.

“Huuu...”

Maybe because it had been a while, she felt that his thing was much bigger. It completely filled up her body as it entered and she felt like she couldn’t breathe.

She put more force into her hands, clenching tightly on his hands and when he saw the slight grimace on her face, he spoke.

“Slowly?”

Lucia pursed her lips and nodded her head. He slipped out then slowly moved his waist as he re-entered. The feeling of his desire hitting her deepest spot was numbing and she let out a moan-like sigh.

“Ah...hng.”

His firm member repeatedly penetrated her, heating up her insides. Deeply and at times, shallowly. As his movement to control the intensity continued, her tender, relaxed insides tightened and swallowed him.

“Haa...Really...”

He muttered with a murky subdued voice.

“Your insides are practically devouring me.”

As she drew closer to her climax, her tight squeeze on him began to lessen. He couldn’t hold back his impulse to rampage deeper inside of her. He felt good when he put it inside of her but when he began to move, the feeling was amazing.

The movement of his waist quickly increased in speed, plunging deeper without reserve.

“A-! Aah!”

Her body shook in accordance with his movements, swaying rhythmically with each thrust. Her body twisted and twitched as she mewled in pleasure.

When he slowly pulled outwards, it felt like her insides were pulling away with him and when he thrust hard, the heavy force caused her body to tingle.

He lowered his head to kiss her wet eyelashes then he moved to her earlobes, licking and biting then he whispered.

“Do you know your expression right now...is a little crazy?”

He held her waist firmly so she wouldn’t move up to the head of the bed and thrust powerfully. Every time he rammed into her, her eyes glistened and flickered and his rough breathing echoed in her ears.

“You look like you’re about to cry but...your insides won’t let me go...ha...hng...this...do you like it? Does it feel good?”

“Ah! Ang!”

“Tell me, do you want me to go deeper? Does you like when I put it this way?”

He didn’t feel embarrassed by his teasing words. Just like he’d said, her insides were actively sucking and wrapping around him. Her sensitive inner walls moved with him as though attached to his penis and the movement excited her immensely.

“A-! Hugh! Too-! Hng!”

The stimulation was too intense. She felt short of air as though she was falling from an incredible height. His hard penis ravaged her vigorously and when he moved outwards, she felt like she was losing her mind.

As though to split her into two, his heated shaft repeatedly thrust in and out of her. And every time her deep inner flesh was prodded and rubbed, she screamed at the pleasure that filled her brain.

Her body twitched and gasped at his seemingly never-ending thrusts.

“Haa-! Aak!”

Reaching her climax, Lucia lowered her head and screamed seductively. As her inner walls viciously clamped down on him, a wild roar burst forth from within him. She spasmed in pleasure and he continued to burrow into her.

“Hng...ng...Hugh...just..a sec...a moment...”

Lucia teared up from the intense stimulation. She wanted him to pause for a moment but it seemed as though her pleas had excited him as his movements grew fiercer.

His hip muscles contracted and relaxed as he frantically thrust into her. Her legs that were wrapped around his waist seemingly lost power as they slipped off his waist.

He grabbed both of her legs and drew her closer to him then he lifted her buttocks and plunged even deeper inside her. After several attempts, he held her ankles side-by-side in one hand then his stiff enthusiasm entered her narrow entrance, repeatedly advancing and retreating.

“Uue-! Hk!”

It was exhausting. But it felt good. His powerful force as he penetrated her, his passionate movements as though he wanted to eat her up, his muscular movements that she could make out through her blurry eyes, his low moans that slipped out intermittently too, she liked them all and they excited her.

Her body had learnt the joy of a union with a man. Her buds blossomed, her petals grew and as time flew by, she was in full bloom. Her ecstatic body was open to the one she loved.

As the wall that she’d built against him disappeared completely, her body reacted more actively to his coupling. Her body sensed his body and instinctively reacted to him and this change was driving him crazy.

He let her legs fall to one side and grabbing her behind, he penetrated her slowly. As he was enraptured by the churning of her tender insides, she closed her eyes and gasped for breath.

Whenever his moving penis hit and stimulated a sensitive spot, her forehead would wrinkle slightly.

He once again grabbed her ankles and positioned them upwards then began to burrow deeply into her vagina. Again, her body trembled greatly and she uttered a cry of pleasure.

Her lingering hand on his shoulders felt as though it would slip so she clasped down firmly with her fingers. The painful sensation of her fingernails digging into his shoulders as she held on with all her might infused more heat into his underbelly.

“Hng!”

“...Ku-!”

His body stiffened momentarily as he released deep inside her womb. Lucia felt a hot fluid spreading and filling up her insides and she shut her eyes. Her vaginal walls clenched and squeezed him tightly.

His arms shook and a growl escaped his throat while her body twitched and spasmed with pleasure.

“Hha...Hha...”

His weight came down on her as he stopped to catch his breath. He wasn’t completely leaning on her as he held some of his weight with his elbow but his body moderately pressing down on her gave her a pleasant feeling of comfort.

Lucia placed her shivering hand on his head and the sensation of running her hand through his slightly wet hair felt good.

Translator’s Corner:

*I forgot how long steamy scenes take to translate.

*This chapter was so long(1k words longer than usual) I started to feel like the author got inspired while writing this scene. (｡･ω･｡)ﾉ♡.

*Also make sure you’re reading this on rubymaybe translations! ?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 36
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (7)

In the quiet bedroom, only the sound of two people breathing could be heard. Lucia’s breathing was calming down to an even pace and Hugo lowered his head, turned her body sideways then wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her into his arms.

He simply embraced her for a while then he began to cover her lips, eyes and forehead with kisses.

“Ha-ha, that’s ticklish.” [Lucia]

“Shall I make it not ticklish?”

Hugo whispered softly then bit her neck. His hand stealthily slipped from her back to her waist but Lucia twisted her body and naturally pushed his hand away.

When the smooth sensation of her skin disappeared from his palm, he reached out stubbornly and grabbed her buttocks. This time, Lucia pushed away from his chest.

“We can’t. I have a lot to do so I have to get up early tomorrow morning.”

“What do you have to do?”

“I’m planning to have a garden party in three days and since it’s a situation where I show my garden to people, I want to increase the scale a bit. So, from tomorrow, I have to organize the garden, prepare it and of course, there are a lot of other things I have to take care of.”

‘She was completely fine even though I wasn’t around.’

He grumbled inwardly.

“A garden party? The days are starting to get colder, are there still flowers?”

“There are autumn flowers. Although they aren’t as bright as spring’s or summer’s, I wanted to have a garden party before the year is over.”

“So, your party is more important than your husband that just came back. Which one is your priority?”

Again, his hands stealthily slid to her waist and his lips glued themselves to her neck. Lucia smacked his shoulders.

“Don’t be unreasonable. Do you know how childish you sound?”

“Oh-ho. Now you’re beating your husband?”

Lucia teasingly booed as his attempt to act tough. Hugo’s eyes strangely lit up then with huge motions, he pounced at her but Lucia’s small body quickly rolled away and avoided him.

There were bursts of laughter blended with small screams and the bed quickly became a mess with the two of them tossing and turning all over.

Soon enough, Lucia grew breathless and began to pant then was firmly caught by him. That she was able to avoid him even once on the narrow bed meant he was going easy on her or it would have been impossible.

He hugged her from behind, slid his legs between hers, then placed one hand on her chest as he kissed her back. Lucia tried to move but found she was held firmly in place so she gave up. Although his hands kept fondling her breasts, she left him alone.

“Did your assignment with your vassals go well?”

“Mhm. What of you? What have you been doing?”

“Nothing mu...ah, no, they is something. Damian came back.”

Just for an instant, his body stiffened. As Lucia was wrapped in his embrace, she could feel it.

“...I know.” (Hugo)

What did Damian mean to him? Lucia had a lot of things that she wanted to ask but she decided to take it slow and wait for when they could sit down and have a long conversation.

Since even Jerome was treasuring his words, she didn’t want to approach it prematurely. All this while, she’d been interacting with Damian and could tell that the boy did not resent his father.

It wouldn’t have been strange if the boy’s sense of shame over his situation and illegitimacy twisted his emotions but Damian turned out to be an honest and innocent child.

If she had a son like Damian, even if he wasn’t a child she gave birth to, she would put all her effort into raising him.

Now, she wanted to know how he thought of Damian. If they didn’t have any animosity towards each other, it was be a pity for them to keep having such a frigid relationship.

Was the relationship between them only the fact that they shared the same blood?

Lucia believed that even though it wasn’t as intense as the love between a man and a woman, the love between blood ties was bound with a string that was not easily broken.

“What do you think? Lunch? If possible, let’s have a meal together.”

Although Lucia spoke like it wasn’t a big deal, inwardly she worried about what to do if he rejected. If he didn’t even want to eat with the boy, then it was the worst possible situation.

“Let’s do dinner, I have a meeting in the morning.”

Fortunately, his answer was positive. Lucia gave a little sigh of relief.

“Was there any rudeness?” (Hugo)

Lucia thought about it briefly then realized the subject of his words was Damian but she couldn’t help but think, ‘ah, he doesn’t really know his son.’ If he knew Damian, even a little bit, he wouldn’t ask that question.

“Not at all. He was very polite and mature and his attitude and manners were not out of place. I’ll co-exist fine with Damian, you don’t have to worry about tha-”

“I’m not worried about that. Just tell me if he’s ever impolite to you.”

Behind his back, Lucia’s eyes narrowed as she listened to his tone that sounded like an officer talking about a recruit.

“What would you do?”

“Advise him.”

However, Hugo’s type was advice was never one from the mouth.

“That won’t happen. While you weren’t here, we’ve gotten along very well...”

Her voice was getting increasingly drowsy.

“...We?” (Hugo)

The lingering question was not heard by Lucia’s ear that had fallen asleep.

“Ah...my greetings...are late...Welcome back...” (Lucia)

He kissed her lips close to the end of her mumblings. Not long after, Lucia fell asleep, her breathing calm and even.

“I’m back.”

Once again, he lightly kissed her lips, then closed his eyes to sleep.

***

When Lucia woke up in the morning, she was alone. His waking hours were quite early so she’d grown accustomed to waking up alone.

The lingering sensation in her body told her that last night was not a dream. It had been a long time since they’d united so she had no strength in her body. She had to use her arms to support her body upright.

“Ah...”

After she stood up, his viscous body fluids flowed out from between her thighs. No matter how many time she’d experienced this, Lucia covered her face out of embarrassment.

When she calmed down, she called the maid and ordered for a bath to be prepared. The maids waited on Lucia as she entered the bath full of warm water.

Her dazzling skin that was enhanced by the bright morning sun was littered with red marks. The maids kept glancing at those red traces and their faces grew flushed.

Their master returned late last night and no one could catch a glimpse of him but now they knew he went to their Mistress’ room. It was almost certain that after the bath, this rumor would spread among the maids.

“Is he in the office?” (Lucia)

“His Grace is in a meeting.”

“Already?”

“His Grace suddenly issued a summon before sunrise.”

He was a really energetic man. The ones that works below him could only suffer. To him, as soon as he’d returned to the castle, having a meeting was only a natural procedure. Even though he did the most work, he was the most energetic.

Lucia’s face reddened as the events from the previous night floated to the top of her mind. She was happy to see him again and glad that he still wanted her as passionately. Her mood became as light as the petals floating on the water.

Translator’s Corner:

*Next part is...dun dun dun.

*Nah, I’m just kidding...or am I? We’ll find out next week~~

< — Damian — > (7)

It was the first dinner together for the three people that had become family. Damian was the first to arrive at the dining room and sat waiting. When Lucia arrived, he got up and helped her into her seat as usual.

“Damian, have you seen your father?”

“I have not yet sent my greetings. His Grace was continuously occupied.”

“You’re right. He seems very busy today.”

Lucia pouted slightly as she replied.

‘No matter how busy he is, calling the boy in for a short greeting wouldn’t be too hard. Now look, this meal ends up being the first time they meet.’

Really, he was so inconsiderate. It was really admirable that Damian managed to grow so big without having a twisted mind.

Lucia had also been busy today and the fact that she was unable to have lunch with Damian as usual was constantly on her mind.

“What did you do for lunch? You didn’t skip it, did you? I had a lot of work today and couldn’t pay attention.”

“I ate and I know that you’re busy preparing for your party.”

After a while, Hugo arrived. His gaze fell on Damian, pausing on the boy for a little while then he sat down.

Without a simple word of greeting, the first family meal began. In the suffocatingly quiet dining room, Lucia proceeded to alternate glances between father and son.

‘Both of them are quite extreme.’

She didn’t expect an amicable, friendly relationship and Lucia didn’t know that ever since Damian went to boarding school, they hadn’t seen each other but even so it was obvious that this identical pair of father and son had not seen each other in a long time yet their eyes didn’t even meet.

‘Damian said he admires his father and...he wouldn’t have made Damian his successor if he hated him...’

The dreary atmosphere between the two was as cold as the weather but Lucia had no idea what to do so she decided to not worry about it.

The atmosphere between them wasn’t murderous or threatening and Lucia didn’t have any problems with either of them so the thought that it was serious didn’t occur to her.

‘It will probably be better if I am in the middle.’

Lucia didn’t think that a relationship like this could be changed overnight. If one tries to forcefully improve a relationship, the side effects could be huge.

When Damian returns to boarding school, the memory of his time here would remain a good one and if Hugo became more conscious of his son than before, that would be good too. For now, she would consider that as the first step.

‘Although...it’s really nice to see them side by side.’

It felt as though there was a big Hugo and a small Hugo together. Just looking at the two of them made her feel content. Meanwhile, the employees felt the the Lady of the House was incredible to eat calmly in such a suffocating atmosphere.

“Is the preparation for the garden party going well?”

Hugo asked a few moments after they had finished dining.

“Yes, it’s going smoothly. And about that, I have something to tell you. I was thinking about having Damian attend, what do you think?”

Damian who was drinking water made a small choking sound. Hugo glanced sideways at Damian then moved his gaze to Lucia.

“Isn’t it a party for women?”

“But Damian isn’t a man, he’s just 8 years old.”

For a moment, there was silence then Hugo let out a small laugh while Damian’s ears flushed red.

“As you say, Damian is not a man. Do as you please.”

“Damian, what do you think?”

“I-!”

Damian suddenly opened his mouth but when Hugo’s calm gaze moved to him, he shut his mouth and lowered his head.

“...Yes. I will do so.”

‘Wow.’ (Lucia)

Lucia could feel the absolute power difference between father and son. Sometimes, Damian was so mature it was hard to believe he was just eight years old.

With his huge, sturdy build, his stiff but polite manner of speaking and his vocabulary that was on the level of an adult, one could barely see the signs that he was a child.

Lucia tried to remember her childhood as an eight year old but found she could barely even remember. Perhaps she had spent her time playing with the other children in the neighborhood.

But beside Hugo, Damian became a cub lion. In comparison, Hugo was the lion king, seated on the highest throne and looking down below. It seemed as though even if Hugo’s giant paw pressed down on him, Damian wouldn’t even make a sound.

‘It’s a good thing for a son to admire their father but they could also have difficulties to some extent.’

Lucia’s mood improved when she began to think that there was some possibility for improvement in their relationship.

‘The great lion king and his cub lion...now that I think about it, the banner for the Taran family is a black lion. How fitting.’

“Did you have something planned after the meal?” (Hugo)

“Nothing special, I wanted to go to the study and read a book.” (Lucia)

“Is it a book you have to read today?”

“Not really. Are we having guests?”

“At this time? There’s no need to attend to such rude guests.”

“Then...?”

“Take a light stroll to digest your meal and take a bath.”

“...What?”

“I’m saying if you want to wake up early tomorrow, you have to retire to bed early.”

As Lucia looked her Hugo, her face gradually became red.

‘So someone’s face can get this red.’

Damian thought with an expressionless face.

“... what the hell are you saying in front of the child?”

Lucia’s face was crimson and she spoke in hushed tones. Seeing Lucia this way, Hugo couldn’t help but chuckle.

“What did I say?” (Hugo)

“You-!”

Lucia glared at him then stood up. Hugo called after her as she walked away.

“Where are you going?”

“Going for a walk!”

Her footsteps thudded as she rushed out of the hall with huge strides.

Damian stared blankly at her departing back. The boy could not understand the situation itself.

What part of that conversation caused Lucia to have such an excessive reaction? The smart boy couldn’t figure it out at all.

As the boy was mulling over it in his head, he heard the sound of a small laugh and turned his head in that direction, only to see the Duke laughing quite pleasantly.

The boy had seen the Duke’s cold smile or his ridiculing smile but it was his first time seeing the Duke laughing like this.

It was fascinating to see and at the same time, shocking. His father that was as fierce as a sword suddenly seemed human.

After a while, Lucia came back into the dining room.

“Damian, let’s go together.”

Damian glanced sideways at the Duke then stood up and followed after Lucia. The suddenly alone Hugo’s expression didn’t look so good.

The word she’d said the previous night.

‘We.’

He began to worry over that word. He recalled her appearance as she called for Damian without any inhibitions or hesitation and it seemed like the two of them had grown pretty friendly while he was gone.

It wasn’t as though he wanted them to have a terrible relationship but for some reason, he didn’t quite like it.

Translator’s Corner:

*I didn’t realize how much I wanted to see Damian and Hugo interact till this chapter (cries).

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 37
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (8)

TN: Nothing to see here, move along~

As they walked through the garden, Damian continuously stole glances at Lucia.

“Is there something you want to say?”

“It’s kind of...amazing. You aren’t afraid of his Grace...”

“Is there any wife that’s afraid of her husband? Damian, when you grow up and get married, would you like for your wife to be afraid of you?”

Damian shook his head. However, the young Damian was yet to fully grasp her meaning.

It was a huge shock to Damian that Lucia could treat the Duke whom he saw as someone on the peak of a distant mountain, very comfortably.

In Damian’s eyes, Lucia was a small, gentle herbivore. On the other hand, the Duke was a large, ferocious carnivore.

The boy was confused at the fact that the two beings, who in normal circumstances could not match each other, were seemingly a perfect fit.

“And here. Repeat after me. Father.” (Lucia)

“...Father.”

“Good job.”

Lucia subconsciously reached out to stroke the boy’s head. Damian was surprised and reflexively moved away and Lucia was also surprised and withdrew her hand.

They stopped walking and awkwardness filled the air.

“...Sorry, my body moved on its own...did I upset you?”

“Ah...no. I was just a little surprised.”

Damian had never had such close contact with anyone else before.

“I’m not upset or anything...” (Damian)

“When a child does something praiseworthy, one can compliment and also pet them. I won’t do it if you don’t like it.”

Damian hesitated a bit then spoke in a tiny voice.

“I don’t...hate it.”

“Really? Then, is it okay if I pet you right now?”

Damian nodded. Lucia slowly stretched her hand towards the boy as though saying, ‘I’m not your enemy’ and stroked the top of his black hair. Maybe because he was very young, his hair was much softer than she’d imagined.

She stroked his head a few times before withdrawing her hand. She felt excitement as though she was given a present because she had finally accomplished what she’d been wanting to do ever since she laid eyes on the boy.

‘When will I get to pinch his cheeks?’

Lucia began to walk with a joyful heart and Damian quickly followed, walking beside her.

“Lucia.”

“Hm?”

“Earlier, in the dining, why did you get angry?”

“Huh? That...I wasn’t angry...that was...umm that is to say...”

Lucia didn’t want to explain it nor did she know how to explain it so she began to rack her brain on how to naturally shift the topic. Just at the moment, she finally recalled something she’d been forgetting.

“Ah! Damian, you don’t have a tail-coat to wear to the party. I didn’t think of that. Do you by any chance have anything?”

“I do not.”

“Right. There’s no way you would, you were at school all the time.”

“Lucia, I don’t have to attend...”

Damian wanted to use this chance to one way or the other, remove himself from this occasion. He’d already had his fill of the women’s gazes in the horse-riding field.

He didn’t care how they saw him but he was unhappy when Lucia became the target of those strange gazes. He didn’t want Lucia to receive those gazes because of himself.

“No, you have to attend. Mmm...who can I ask about this?”

Lucia did not want to go against Damian’s intentions as much as possible but this time, she wanted to make sure Damian attended the garden party. She’d taken him to the horse-riding field and had them greet him but that was not an official occasion.

The garden party would be a formal social gathering. The scale of the party this time was big and all the renowned noble women in the northern social circle were invited.

If she were to formally introduce Damian in that gathering, Damian’s position would change.

Of course, Damian was still young and as it was a women-only garden party, it could not be his official social debut.

However, oftentimes children would appear in social circles in advance as it would be helpful to them later if they were put in people’s memories beforehand.

There was a reason noble ladies threw parties even though it was a hassle and cost a lot.

“You can purchase ready-made tail-coats for children.”

Lucia and Damian stopped walking at the sound of this voice and looked backwards. It seemed like at some time, Hugo had begun walking behind them. Seeing them stop, Hugo closed the distance between them.

For the first time since he came to Roam, Damian stood beside his father so he was stunned and stared at his strong father. He couldn’t remember how long it was since he’d seen his father so close.

“Since it’s a garden party, there’s not need to think of it so complicatedly.” (Hugo)

“What a relief, thanks for letting me know. If it’s ready-made garments then... for Damian, we have to get garments for children around twelve years old.”

“He’s eight.”

“Damian is much bigger than usual eight year olds. Compared to his peers, he’s a giant.”

Hugo’s gaze moved and fell on Damian. ‘This little guy?’ was what his gaze was saying.

“You never know, someday he could be bigger that you.”

“Hmm...”

His tone of his mumble was somewhat odd however, Lucia didn’t catch it, rather it was Damian that noticed it.

‘There’s no way I’m growing bigger than father.’

While thinking this, Damian began to worry whether Lucia might have annoyed his father.

“I think you were much bigger that he is when you were his age, right?”

“...I don’t know.”

Hugo wasn’t fated with a good life where he compared heights with his peers. When he was around Damian’s age, most of the slave children around him did not know his age and for him, he also didn’t know his exact age until he was kidnapped and brought to Roam by the now dead Duke.

“Didn’t you have a lot of work? I thought you would return to the office right away.” (Lucia)

“Am I interrupting?”

Hugo replied sullenly.

“Usually when you leave for a while and return, you get busier. Actually, you came at the right time. I don’t think Damian has greeted you officially. Damian, go ahead.”

Damian hesitantly looked at Lucia then bowed his head.

“I’d like to extend my greetings, it’s been a long time, have you been well?”

He lifted his lowered head and stealthily glanced at Lucia only to see her mouthing the words, ‘father’.

Damian squeezed out his courage.

“...Father.”

Hugo’s eyebrows jumped. The title didn’t exactly make him uncomfortable or displeased but he wasn’t used to it.

Perhaps because of Hugo’s hatred and disgust towards the existence of a father, it was a word that had never come out of his mouth.

Even when he lived under the previous Duke, he had never officially called the man father.

As his silence grew longer, Lucia secretly pulled his sleeve. He met her eyes and she was smiling so excessively that it gave some kind of unspoken pressure.

Although he was indifferent, he wasn’t dense. He opened his mouth and gave a soft reply.

“...Yes.”

The boy’s neck flushed red and seeing that, Lucia felt pleased.

‘I wish he learns of Damian’s cuteness quickly.’

But for today, it was fine. There was still a lot more time so she would take it slowly.

“So you’re taking a walk? Aren’t you busy?”

“I’m out for a walk.”

Hugo replied sourly, feeling as though she was trying to get rid of him again. On the other hand, Lucia was thinking that maybe he was tired since he was having meetings all day long so she gave in and put it off her mind.

“Then the three of us can walk together. This would be the first time for the three of us.”

“...Together?”

Hugo glanced down at Damian. When his father’s eyes landed on him, the boy flinched. Damian didn’t know why but he felt as though it wouldn’t be good to keep staying there.

The rare species of herbivore, Lucia didn’t sense anything wrong however, the carnivore cub, Damian was able to sense the subtle snarl of the great lion.

“I’ll be going back inside. There’s a book I have to read so...” (Damian)

“Damian, if you go to your desk right after eating, it’s not good for you. Your food needs to digest.” (Lucia)

“I’m done digesting. I must read this book today.”

Damian bowed his head then quickly disappeared like he was running away. Lucia wistfully watched Damian’s departing back meanwhile Hugo had an expression full of satisfaction.

‘This boy, he’s not useless at all.’

The recognition the boy wanted to receive from his father was very easily obtained.

Translator’s Corner:

*Herbivore and carnivores ???

< — Damian — > (8)

Hugo opened his mouth after Damian left.

“Your relationship with the boy is pretty good.”

“I thought you wanted me to get along with Damian.”

Hugo had figured they should at least know each other’s faces so he’d called Damian back but he didn’t have any intention in particular regarding their relationship.

His wife was still young and he’d considered that it would be a bit difficult for her to tolerate an eight year old child, also, since Damian was a stiff child, if the both of them weren’t put together on purpose, they wouldn’t ever get involved with each other.

“Why are you taking him to the garden party?” (Hugo)

“Because they aren’t many chances to introduce him to other people. He’s your son and now, he’s my son too so it’s troublesome if people don’t even know his face.”

“...Easy.”

“What?”

“It’s very easy for you to call him your son.”

Lucia did not know the exact intention behind his words so she stopped walking and looked at him. When she stopped walking, Hugo also paused his footsteps.

“Do you dislike my interest in Damian? Do you perhaps think I have some other intention behind this-”

“No, Vivian. It’s not like that.”

He sighed softly.

“Honestly, I didn’t think both of you would get along so well.”

Hugo recalled the scene from earlier where she’d stroked Damian’s head. The appearance of Damian as he offered his head like an innocent puppy was an unfamiliar yet familiar scene causing Hugo stop and look at it.

Without warning, a piece of memory from his past surfaced in his mind.

[Hey! I said don’t touch my head!]

Hugh screamed frantically at Hugo that had carelessly touched his head.

The head was the most important weakness of human beings. The moment it was exposed to the enemy, it was a direct gateway to death.

Mercenaries never touched each other’s heads unless they wanted their wrists to fly off.

[It’s a sign that we’re friendly.]

Even though Hugh screamed frantically, Hugo laughed and replied in his usual manner.

[Inconsiderate jerk. What’s so funny you’re snickering everyday?]

[Smile. If you smile, you’ll get good fortune, Hugh.]

[Ha...weakling.]

Hugo suddenly pushed his head in front of Hugh.

[You can touch mine too.]

[Move that thing away.]

[Just try it. I heard this is what parents usually do for their children but since we don’t have anyone, we have to do it for each other.]

[I’m fine without that crap.]

[But I want someone to do it for me. Come on.]

Hugh stretched out his hands, his expression telling how much of a nuisance it was and stroked Hugo’s head.

Watching Hugo laughing in delight, Hugh couldn’t help but think it felt nice as he stroked Hugo’s head.

“I mean...what I’m trying to say is, just tell me if he’s ever rude to you.” (Hugo)

“That won’t happen!” (Lucia)

Hugo fiercely pulled her arms, drawing her into his embrace. He hugged her small figure tightly in his arms.

Although she was a bit taken aback, she returned the hug, placing her hands on his back. Feeling her small hands holding onto his back, Hugo couldn’t help but smile.

From time to time, when memories of his brother surfaced, he felt both sweet happiness and heart-aching torture.

The pain of it was the same as usual but when he felt her body temperature, the heart-wrenching pain in his heart was relieved to some extent.

[There’s a woman I want to marry. I’ll introduce her to you one day.]

One day, his brother had told him so as he laughed happily.

If his brother was still alive, then he would have told him this.

[I have someone like that too. We’re already married though.]

***

That evening, Hugo sorted out data from the meeting he’d been having all day then he looked at the report from Fabian.

Fabian’s reports was usually about the capital. They contained information about movements of major powers, the arrival of foreign key figures, who they came in contact with and so on and so forth. At times, the visible status of the trading giants were also included.

Although Fabian knew his master wasn’t very interested in this kind of thing, he still looked into rumors floating around social circles and included it since it was still sort of a formal report.

When it came to his work, Fabian was really thorough. Even when gathering information of rumors, there were no gaps and even if it was a rumor that would displease the Duke, he did not exclude it.

If Fabian was overflowing with work concerning the duke and repeatedly worked overnight, he would gather rumors even more diligently for the Duke. That kind of work was more like stress reliever to him.

And so, Hugo was mostly up-to-date on the rumors concerning him.

Hugo casually flipped through the contents of the rumors as usual then suddenly, he knit his brows. The contents of the document read that rumors concerning his dowry had spread throughout the capital.

“Tsk.”

Hugo unhappily clicked his tongue. The King’s lips were too light.

‘If that old man acts in a dignified manner and something will definitely go wrong.’

Kwiz had once given such a review to the King. Then said,

‘I mean, it would be nice if it wasn’t just going wrong but he breaks his ankle in the process.’

After saying so, Kwiz had proceeded to laugh like a devilish underground boss.

Hugo’s expression as he read the following rumors became increasingly strange. The contents read that duchess was such a celestial beauty that the Duke had dragged her off to his manor before anyone else could see her.

“Hmm...”

Although Hugo felt a slight sense of discomfort with the rumor that portrayed her as a colossal beauty...

‘Well, they’re not entirely baseless...’

Was what he was thinking. According to the rumors, they married in secret so that no one else would see her.

‘It doesn’t exactly match the facts but they’re pretty close.’

His actions, such a building a horse-riding field or restricting boating so that no other man would see her was an ongoing process.

The part of the rumor that said he dragged the Duchess to his manor was also not completely wrong either because right after they got married, she came to his estate.

‘It’s not a rumor that matters.’

He judged and closed the document.

Translator’s Corner:

*Just in case anyone is still confused, I’ll explain it again: Hugo is a twin and was formerly known as Hugh. His twin is dead and was formerly known as Hugo. Essentially, they’ve “switched” places and to the world, the dead brother is Hugh, the one alive is Hugo. I hope that clears it up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 38
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (9)

TN: Let’s start off the week with a ‘bang’ *cough*

Lucia walked into the bedroom with a towel wrapped around her damp hair. When Hugo was gone, the maids would wait on her till she was dressed but as soon as he returned, they only followed her to the bedroom door before taking to their heels.

She sat on her dressing table, pressing the soft towel around her hair in an attempt to dry it.

She’d left drying her hair in someone else’s hand for over a month so she was a bit slow doing it herself. Still, she couldn’t compare to the meticulous drying of several maids attending to her hair.

She acknowledge Hugo as he walked into the room then returned her gaze back to the dressing table. He headed straight towards her and embraced her from behind. Surprised, Lucia let go of the towel causing it to fall to the ground.

“Hugh! I have to dry my hair more.”

If I sleep like this, my hair will be a lion’s mane tomorrow!

“Do it later.”

“It’s not something I can do later!”

No matter what she said, he lifted her up, moved straight to the bed, placed her down on it then kissed her still complaining lips.

Like biting into a fruit, he softly bit her lower lips and swiftly inserted his tongue into her mouth. He held her flouncing wrists down on the bed and pushed his tongue deeper into her mouth.

She still didn’t know that her rebellious reactions tended to incited him more. He licked her soft lips with his tongue, enjoying the enticing taste.

He re-inserted his tongue into her mouth and the feeling of her soft and tender tongue surprised him, causing him to flinch. Perhaps because she had just taken a bath, the insides of her mouth were feverish.

When he thought of her inner thighs being as hot as this, his lower abdomen began to throb. He gently pressed his excited lower regions onto the section between her thighs.

He sloppily removed the bathrobe wrapped around her lower body, the mere thought of her tight entrance making blood rush to his lower regions. Perhaps she felt his excitement as her fidgeting began to settle down.

He let go of her wrists he’d been holding onto and she wrapped her arms around his neck, clinging to him. His tongue rummaged throughout her mouth, sometimes strongly, sometimes softly. Her fleeing tongue was easily overwhelmed by him.

As he teased the insides of her mouth and kissed her deeply, Lucia couldn’t focus and fell into a trance. His hot member pressing on her delicate part as though they would instantly unite made her feel somewhat anxious and excited her more.

The moment he entangled her hot tongue and sucked on it strongly, Lucia felt her insides throb and unconsciously lifted her waist.

Her movements rubbed against his penis that was pressed against her inner thighs. He released her lips and a low moan escaped from his mouth.

With the long swooning kiss over, Lucia stared at him trying to catch her breath.

“So I’ve thought about it.”

His voice was seemingly calming down and his eyes lit up as he saw her red lips, swollen from their kiss.

“And I think the reason you tire out so fast is because I do it all at once so let’s change that. We’ll do it once, rest a little, do it again, rest, then do it again, just like that. What do you think?”

Red-faced, Lucia gathered her breath before giving him a frown.

“Please don’t think about things like that.”

“Things like that? This is important.”

He kissed her swollen lips lightly.

“Okay then, we’re trying a new way today.”

As his gaze was like that of a predator before it leaps on its prey, Lucia swallowed nervously.

“I haven’t agreed to this...”

“Umm...then today is the trial version.”

“How is that different!”

He acted like he didn’t hear her and grabbed the front of her robe, spreading it apart. He enjoyed her body with his eyes for a moment then grabbed her bountiful breast with both hands.

He grabbed it a bit strongly causing her to flinch. He lowered his head and began licking from her navel, making his way down her body.

It was the beginning of a long and intensive night.

Her legs hung on his shoulders and her butt was raised as he penetrated deep inside of her, stimulating her. She held onto his arms to support her body and every time his penis entered her, she shut her eyes tightly and bit her lips.

Every once in a while as he thrust into her, a strong tingling feeling assaulted her from the insides and her body shivered with hypnotic pleasure.

He noticed a frown on her face and clenched his teeth. Her tight inner walls swallowed him up completely and spasmed, exciting him and he barely managed suppress his desire to ravage her insides.

“Is it difficult?”

Lucia nodded her head. It was a position that was difficult to maintain for a long time. His deep penetrations that reached deep enough to hit her womb was too stimulating for her however for him, he was in a good position.

The feeling of her vagina tightening all the way inside gave him a sense of ecstasy. He grabbed her ankle and lowered it to the side then in that position slid inside of her thighs, plunging into her vagina.

He moved his waist in a controlled rhythm, at time swiftly and at times slowly.

“Ung...Huu...”

Her body lay slightly to the side as she moaned in pleasure. The rims of her eyes grew red as he excited her with the right amount of stimulation.

She responded weakly to weak stimulations and strongly to strong stimulations. She liked gentle sex with moderate stimulation while he liked wild sex with intense stimulation. He also liked to somewhat torment her in bed till she cried.

Inwardly, she grumbled that he liked to torment her and was too much but she didn’t know. She didn’t know how much he considered her and controlled his desire and greed for her as much as he could.

If he were to ravage her as he pleased, she wouldn’t be able to get up for a days and her body would suffer. In an effort to embrace her every day, he was carefully tempering himself.

It was also one of his endeavors towards keeping the doctor’s ‘once-every-five-days’ advice.

“Hk!”

Her body trembled intensely and her insides clenched. With the continuous stimulation, her pleasures peaked and she reached a pleasant orgasm.

He stayed still, keeping his hot member buried inside her contracting vaginal walls till they relaxed.

After a while, he rolled her body, turning her to lie on her belly. As she leaned downwards, he placed some of his weight on her body then swiftly and intensely plunged into her.

“Ah!”

As though following a tempo, he continuously thrust in heavily and pulled out slowly. She let out a brief scream and each time he thrust into her, she gripped the bedsheets tightly.

“A-!”

The feeling of his weight pressing down on her also gave her pleasure. She could vividly feel his movements with her butt as he thrust into her vagina.

It didn’t hurt but she couldn’t stop herself from screaming. Sometimes, she felt as though his tenderness was rather rough. It made her feel like a helpless wild animal shaking its neck but at the same time, the feeling of his intense and eager desire for her was electrifying.

Lucia placed her hand on his head, her fingers grabbing his hair. She felt his slightly damp hair brushing against her fingers and enjoyed the pleasure it gave. (1)

He kissed her neck, slowly making his way upwards then he pulled her arms causing her to lean on him then lightly kissed her eyes and lips several times.

“...about Damian.”

Hugo grabbed her thighs and drew her closer to his waist. Once he pulled out, her insides were like inertia, her vaginal walls narrowed and returned back to how it was at the beginning.

He had to constantly make new paths in her tightly packed vagina. Her dense and throbbing inner walls never ceased to excite him.

“When I saw him...I was...so surprised. He looks...so much like you...Uk...”

He pushed his waist forward, slamming into her with one big thrust and in response, Lucia shut her eyes. Within seconds, he began to move, slowly increasing the intensity of his thrusts.

She wrapped her legs around his waist and her body swayed in accordance with his movements.

“Ah...s-...so...”

Lucia paused to gather her breath before continuing.

“I was...a little excite-hk.”

Hugo fiercely thrust in and out of her and she clung to him, her nails digging into her shoulders.

He took her lips into his mouth then pushed his tongue into her mouth, rummaging inside and exciting her. He ended the kiss shortly and covered her neckline with kisses, trailing down to her shoulders.

“...you saw the boy and felt excited? ...why?”

“It...felt like I was seeing you.”

“The kid will look like me for quite some time.”

“Quite some time? I think he’ll still resemble you in 10 years...Ah!”

The conversation could no longer continue. His movements intensified and Lucia could do nothing but scream coquettishly.

Translator’s Corner:

1) I know no one reads too deeply into smut but here she didn’t rotate her hand 360° to touch his head. In the raws, there’s a space before this paragraph signifying scenery change (well rather than scenery change, it’s more like ‘some time later’)

*If you guys ever see any mistakes, do tell me. I go over them and edit but some things still slip past me.

< — Damian — > (9)

TN: Been gaming all day and I may have just taken some coffee....it’s 11p.m. T^T (Lost track of time ahahaha). Oh and this is NSFW

Hugo placed the pillow behind him to support his back and leaned halfway on the pillow. Lucia sat on his thighs, her upper body sprawled across his abdomen and chest.

Her head leaned on his chest, her arms and legs hung apart and to the side while his hand slowly moved up and down her back as though comforting her.

The fervent passion had dissipated to some extent but the lingering passion was just as before. Above all, his erect member was still fully buried inside her body.

His huge rod stirred a bit inside of her, as though reminding her of its presence. Lucia felt slightly nervous as she didn’t know when he would resume moving inside her.

She didn’t find the new way he tried particularly likeable. Although she could rest, she couldn’t sleep and they’d vigorously gone at it all night.

“Why did you send Damian to boarding school?”

Young noble children were usually taught by a private tutor. These days, it was trendy to send children to an academy but that was usually to gain experience when they were around 15 years old and for about three to four years.

Rather than for studying, the purpose was for noble children to build a network while interacting with several other noble children. There wasn’t a case where one with a status such as successor to a duke completed a boarding school course.

They were usually not allowed as courses were taken by second sons who weren’t successors and wished to select a course purely for studying purpose.

“Because I couldn’t take care of him.”

When Philip brought Damian, Hugo was focused on the war which was at its peak. At most, he could only stop by Roam a few times a year.

He had been slightly fascinated at how fast the boy grew every time he saw him but to him, the boy was like a pet.

To the Hugo who had no intention of becoming a father, the child that had appeared all of sudden held no special meaning for him however, he had instinctively known that the child needed a safe home.

It was very possible that if there was no Damian, Hugo would have abandoned the Taran family or trampled it to pieces.

It was only after quite some time had passed that it occurred to Hugo that perhaps Philip had brought Damian to him because he’d realized his thoughts towards the Taran family.

It was also around this time that the war was beginning to slow down, Damian had turned five years old and Hugo had more room and time for his thoughts.

With time to think, he considered the situation on the warfront and concluded that the war didn’t seem to be expanding any further. He was a perfect match for war and the thought of going back to the north and dealing with boring paperwork was loathsome.

Why do I have to? He’d questioned himself.

It wasn’t any of his concern what happened to the likes of the Taran family but he liked the northern land. He didn’t want to leave the wild and coarse land and it was general knowledge that the Taran family had to be doing well for the north to be prosperous.

He ended up reaching the conclusion that all he had to do was find a useful person to hand over the family to and so he appointed Damian as his successor. He didn’t intend to have another child and figured that if he took Damian, who was already known as his son, as his successor then there wouldn’t be much backlash.

Later, he realized he’d thought too simple of it. The northern nobles and of course, his vassals, did not like it.

They questioned why the boy was recognized as successor and said that there was no precedent but in response Hugo laughed scornfully at them.

No precedent? Then he would do it and become the precedent. Hugo didn’t care what the nobles were grumbling about but he kept thinking of the darkness he’d seen in the boy’s eyes when they’d met after a long while.

Placing the boy under the public eye seemed to be harming his mind so Hugo figured that since he couldn’t embrace the boy properly and raise him then it would be better for the boy to be educated in a place with no prejudice.

And so, Hugo sent the boy to boarding school where no one’s eyes or hands could reach him.

‘You don’t hate the child, do you?’ (Lucia)

Lucia held back what she wanted to ask. It would be too much to question to that extent. She still didn’t know exactly how he felt towards Damian and making a judgement in advance was more likely to make his feelings towards the child worsen.

“Then...since I can take care of him now, can’t he keep staying in Roam?”

He reached out and grabbed her butt firmly with both hand causing Lucia to reflexively lift her head.

“I promised the boy.”

Hugo lowered his head, placing his teeth on her neck and biting down causing her slender body to flinch. He licked her neck, his tongue sweeping over the light bite mark on her neck.

“I told him, when he graduates in the future, I will hand over my position. If I tell him not to go to boarding school anymore, he would think I am pushing him out of the seat for succession.”

He lifted his head, meeting her gaze.

“Do you think his staying here would benefit him?”

“...No, I didn’t think it through.”

A crescent line formed across his lips. He thrust his head forwards, placing his face very close to hers.

“Although it’s nice and cute.” (Hugo)

His lips touched hers briefly and he moved away.

“Don’t go too far.”

Lucia interpreted his words as telling her to not get in involved in his child’s affairs. Hugo’s meaning in asking her to get along with the child but limiting her some was that he did not want the child to come between their relationship.

Unfortunately, the misunderstanding that had risen through their conversation could not be solved now.

He captured her lips in his mouth then held her butt and thighs firmly with both of his hands and repeatedly lifted her up and down. Her smooth waist curved and her head fell backwards.

Her hand moved backwards, grabbing onto his legs for support and her body shook with his intense movements.

“Ung...ah! Hugh!”

He grabbed her shoulders, pulling her forward as he hurriedly pounded into her several times, the motion bringing his lips to hover around her ears and his rough whisper floated into her ears.

“Haa...Vivian...”

The way he said her name sent tingles up her spine. She didn’t know since when but when he called her Vivian it no longer felt awkward. Rather whenever he called her...

‘Vivian.’

She felt like she’d discovered a new side to herself. As her insides throbbed and squeezed, he suppressed a moan and quickly flipped her to lie down horizontally on the bed.

He immediately re-capturing her lips and at the same time, repeatedly plunged in and out of her deep fleshy insides. While holding onto his arms, Lucia’s body trembled with the tingles of pleasure.

She could vividly feel his full length inside her body and instinctively widened her legs and lifted her butt to accept him deeper.

Hugo ended the breathless kiss, lifted his head and began to concentrate more on the movement of his waist.

He moved slowly at first then abruptly increased his speed, heavily thrusting in and out continuously.

A coquettish cry escaped from her mouth in response to the vigorous movements in her lower body and she watched his solid chest move as he devoured her.

His ripped muscles and tiny nipples moved as he thrust into her, enticing her to touching them. When his movements slowed down a little, she stroked his chest with her hand, feeling the movement of his muscles.

She lifted her head, lightly licking his chest and his body instantly jerked in response. She once again stuck her tongue out, this time licking around his nipple for a while.

Hugo swallowed back his curses and fiercely re-captured her lips. As he wildly drove his member into her, her body shook back and forth and her screams were blocked by his lips covering hers.

Her sight repeatedly brightened and blurred and she felt like a firework had exploded in front of her. She wasn’t even sure herself whether she was closing or opening her eyes.

Tears flowed down from her eyes and Hugo lowered his head to lick them up. The scalding heat that filled up her head and the passion that felt like it would burn her to ashes was exhausting but it also felt good and Lucia clung to him.

Translator Corner:

*My chest is actually hurting right now from laughing too hard while translating this...?

*Not cuz it was funny....nvm I’ll go to my corner now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 39
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (10)

TN: When life gives you lemons...okay, I dunno where I was going with that. I live for fluff ❤

Lucia tussled with him all night and was barely able to sleep at dawn. By the time she woke up, it was already daylight.

She was against his new way. His tenaciousness was inexplicable and she’d already given up on explaining his endurance.

Lucia continuously thought about getting up from bed, but her body did not listen to her. She had such a hard workout for two consecutive days in a month so her body felt languid.

She fell into shallow sleep and upon woke up, she felt a soft touch on her hair and opened her eyes. She didn’t know when he’d come in but he was sitting on the bed, his finger running through her hair.

She was sleepy-eyed and watched him with an empty gaze. Their eyes met and he lowered his head, lightly kissing her lips.

“I was worried since you haven’t gotten up yet. Are you okay?”

The soft touch on her lips told her this was real. Last night, she hated him a little but seeing him now, the hatred vanished into thin air.

“...at least you have a conscience.”

She bluntly blamed him, closed her eyes again and heard him laugh a little.

Hugo’s fingers ran through her hair, sweeping through it like a comb. It felt good and a little ticklish.

‘Isn’t my hair is completely disheveled?’

As the thought came to her mind, her sleepiness deserted her and she raised the blanket over her head.

“What’s wrong?” (Hugo)

“...my head...”

“Does it hurt? The doctor...”

“No, it’s not that.”

She lowered the blanket a little, her eyes peeking at him.

“Yesterday...I didn’t dry my hair properly. It’s probably a mess.”

It was the heart of a woman who wanted to show only a pretty figure in front of the man she loved. He could not understand her words, and tilting his head to the side, ripped the blanket off her. She let out a short scream and he kissed her lightly on her lips.

“What of it? You look pretty.”

Lucia stared at him, her gaze full of intent.

“...Flirt.”

“...What?”

“Nothing.”

He felt wronged. If she’d said that in the past, he would honestly have nothing to say. But not now.

“Vivian, did I do something wrong?”

“Aren’t you busy?”

“Don’t change the topic. I know your list defines me that way, but why are you saying this now, all of a sudden?”

“What list?”

“I know you have a list of all the things I’ve done wrong in your head.”

“What?”

Lucia was dumbfounded and burst into laughter.

“There’s a list in my head?” (Lucia)

“Weren’t you steadily adding one at a time?”

Lucia started laughing again. He sourly looked on as she began to laugh. He couldn’t see why she was laughing so much about what he said and couldn’t understand her laughter.

“Then, when did I make this list?” (Lucia)

“Why are you asking me that? You know better than I do.”

Lucia shrugged and once again burst into laughter. The thought that he also wonders what other people are thinking was very amusing and interesting.

‘Things I’ve done wrong.’

Through those words, he admitted to her that he’d done a lot of things wrong. She thought he was someone that was very unlikely to admit it even if he made a mistake.

“There is no such list. I can’t put up with something so complicated.”

“Then what was the word that popped up before?”

Lucia shyly pursed her lips.

“Because you said that all of a sudden.”

“What did I say?”

“...look...pretty.”

Lucia felt a bit embarrassed to say it herself and her words weren’t clear. She’d heard herself being called gentle or cute but she didn’t think the word ‘pretty’ matched her appearance.

“Is it wrong to just say what I feel?”

Lucia stared at him blankly. He was flirtatious yes, but he wasn’t the type to whisper sweet nothings into a woman’s ear so his words came off a bit unfriendly.

He was someone who had a lot and as such, was the flirt that women loved to cling to. Lucia reached out and rubbed her head.

As expected, just by touching her hair, she could feel it was untidy. Even without looking at a mirror, it was obvious it was a mess.

“Pretty? This look?”

“I don’t know what’s wrong with it, you look pretty.”

His expression did not change at all. It was as though he was looking at a tree and saying it was a tree. As Lucia kept staring into his eyes doubtfully, his expression grew increasingly awkward.

“Is it that you don’t like that way of expression? Then, your beauty is so bright that it seems blinding...”

“Are you making fun of me?”

Lucia replied sullenly. Hugo sighed and placing one hand on his forehead.

“Tell me what you want me to do.”

“...Pretty? Me?”

“You’re pretty.”

She didn’t know what he was thinking, but she decided not to think more complicatedly about it. It was good even if it was empty words.

She felt pleased, happy, ticklish inside, and when she looked at him, she couldn’t help but chuckle.

His expression became somewhat twisted and he spoke.

“Don’t laugh like that. It makes me want to eat (you).”

Lucia laughed even louder and looking at her, Hugo burst into laughter too. It was hard to pinpoint it but anyhow, it was nice to see her feeling comfortable.

After admitting to herself that she loved him, Lucia’s heart was more at peace and the mood around her grew relaxed.

When Hugo was away from Roam, Lucia was always on his mind. Although they’d reconciled before he left, he’d felt like it was somewhat insufficient and was uncomfortable with it.

It seemed like they weren’t putting out the fire but simply covering it up so they couldn’t see it. He was worried that when he came back to Roam, she would turn away from him as the issue wasn’t fully settled.

Contrary to his worries, she was doing very well. Rather, she became even brighter than before.

The thought that even without him, she would be completely fine, made his heart feel cold.

‘I want her’

He wanted to have all of her body and mind.

But how could he have a woman that had declared that she would never love him. It was the biggest challenge in his life.

He’d never properly fallen in love before. The brother he loved, said he loved him but chose death in the end.

She was going to be his first love. However, it was a tragedy that he’d experienced too much physical love before he knew of emotional love.

At times, love was so simple that an honest word of confession could be the key but he didn’t know that.

“Is it okay for you keep staying here? You aren’t busy?” (Lucia)

Hugo could sense that her voice was much clearer than before.

‘She likes being called pretty.’

Now, he began making a list in his head.

“Busy or not busy, for me, there’s no end to work so I can rest for as long as I don’t do it.”

“So you’re not working?”

“It’s not like that, I mean you don’t have to fret over it. Is it troublesome if I don’t work?”

“...It would be.”

“Why?”

“The husband has to feed his wife. And to do that, you have to make money.”

Hugo couldn’t help but laugh.

< — Damian — > (10)

TN: Hehehe

Lucia lifted her head to look at him at the sound of laughter. At times, he would laugh oddly when she said something and Lucia couldn’t tell what part of it he was laughing at.

“It would be very easy to feed you. Even if I make money, seems like you don’t really use it.”

“I do use it. You know how much money it takes to throw a party?”

“I mean for personal spending.”

“I also use it for personal spending. I bought flowers to decorate the garden...”

“Dresses or jewelry. Things like that.”

“I’ve spent on that. Spent a lot of money to repair a dress but the Taran warehouse is overflowing with jewelry. I wouldn’t be able to wear all of them till I die.”

This was because noble women tended to accumulate lots of precious ornaments. For a family of considerable wealth, there would be precious ornaments passed from generation to generation however, these ornaments would be property of the family.

In the care of a divorce, the precious ornaments obtained by the noble women were completely recognized as their property apart from the alimony.

The conversation somewhat failed to get his point across so Hugo spoke a bit more directly.

“Do you not want to spend my money?”

Lucia thought about the meaning of his words for a moment then laughed.

“It’s not like that. Did you think so?”

Surprisingly, he was quite sensitive. Discovering this unexpected side to him was somehow so cute, Lucia couldn’t stop laughing. To think that the huge man who gives off enormous pressure was cute...perhaps this was a side effect of being with Damian.

Since she’d looked at small Hugo for a long while, looking at big Hugo now, the previous threat level was somehow cut in half. It didn’t occur to her that maybe this was a result of Hugo’s effort.

If Lucia recalled their first encounter at the victory ball, she’d be able to tell just how different he is from back then. Even if out in the world, he was the King of beasts, in front of her, he killed his momentum, becoming more docile.

“Why’re you laughing?” (Hugo)

She couldn’t see the image of the Taran Duke, the black lion of the war that overwhelmed people simply by being there, in the man grumbling in front of her.

And so, the little rabbit, Lucia sat at the feet of the great Lion, laughing and thinking he was cute.

“I was just so surprised. I didn’t expect you to have think like that. Truthfully, I’m not fond of shopping unnecessarily.”

“Hah...right. Our ladyship is used to being thrifty and frugal.”

“It’s a good thing though.”

“Did I say otherwise?”

He’d never heard of a wife being criticized for being frugal. Asking her to use and spend his money somewhat seemed like a joke now.

His wife was fragile, she felt like she’d be crushed if he held her a bit more tightly but she had a rock-solid will, confidence and independence in her thoughts. Even though her appearance was full of contradictions, she didn’t contradict herself.

Hugo needed something to hold onto her. There was already a strong bond of marriage tying them together but it was lacking.

He wanted to find something based on her personal desires so she could never escape from him. It was not money and neither was it power.

As for her social activities, they were limited to the necessary minimum amount that she had to do. There weren’t many people she had frequent exchanges with and she hadn’t built an active rapport with influencers of the northern social circles.

She didn’t show much interest in his work neither did she snoop around in his office.

Money and Power.

‘If one subtracts the two, what else is there for humans to have?’

The people of the bottom class do not have money and power yet they have families and bear children with love.

What do they have?

‘Is it the child?’

At the sudden thought, his frame of mind grew somber. He definitely did not want a child born from his blood to exist. Even if there was no reason, he couldn’t give her a child anyways.

When he thought about it carefully, he found himself doing well. He’d been proven by many woman, and he was confident.

If he could make her toss and turn at night because she was lonely without him then that was truly killing two birds with one stone. It was a little instinctive but in the first place, the more instinctive the desire is, the greedier it is.

The problem was he wasn’t too sure if she liked it too so he decided to garner some confidence.

“Do you like doing it with me?”

“...Huh?”

“Are you satisfied on the bed?”

Lucia’s face, all the way to her neck, gradually turned red. She stared at his brazen face for a moment then turned around, her back facing him.

“I need to sleep a bit more. You should hurry and get back to work.”

Hugo was considerably shocked by her turning away. Was it terrible to the extent that she didn’t even want to answer?

He hastily pulled at her.

“Vivian, what’s the problem? The length? Number of times? Not enough caressing? Or is it the position...”

Lucia quickly sat up and screamed at him.

“That’s enough so please just stop! How can you? You...you...those words...”

Her face was as red as an apple as she rambled causing him to chuckle. The sight of her embarrassed and shaken up made him want to tease her.

“What’s wrong all of a sudden? I’ve said much more racy stuff than that.”

“Th...That...the situation was different.”

“In the bedroom. On the bed. What’s so different?”

“Even if we’re in the same place, time has passed so the situation is different. Now, it’s morning...”

Lucia jerked as he climbed over her knees and onto the bed. Even though there was no place to escape to, she was thinking of escaping. However he was faster.

His arms intercepted her body on the bed, closing up any gaps for escaping.

“It’s not like we’ve never done it in the morning before.”

“You also overslept then...”

“Your criteria’s pretty unique. It’s okay to do it from night to morning but not in the morning?”

He lowered his head and covered her lips with his own. The kiss which started off gently quickly flared up as their tongues tangled with each other.

His tongue rummaged inside her mouth, caressing her gums, stroking the inside of her palate and rolling her tongue like a ball.

Their lips separate for a moment then were glued together again.

When his hands flew to her chest, grabbing her breasts and rubbing with his fingers, Lucia suddenly came to her senses.

“Look here, Beast-ssi.” (1) (Lucia)

His red eyes widened in surprise.

“If you go any further than this, you’ll have to explain to the guests tomorrow why they have to leave as soon as they arrive.”

“Ha-ha. You really...”

He burst out laughing and took Lucia into his arms. Lucia felt her body tingle at the sound of his laughter.

‘Ah...’

Lucia sighed inwardly

‘I’m happy now.’

She was so happy that her heart felt numb and tingling. She felt the edges of her eyes sting and buried her head in his chest.

Translator’s Corner

1) For here but I usually don’t leave Korean terms in my translations but Mr. Beast or Sir. Beast felt so awkward. Think of it like Beast-kun... Well, not exactly but something like that. It’s a honorific.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 40
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (11)

It was afternoon and Hugo was busy working on documents in his office when the scent of tea drifted into his nose. He knew someone had come in but he was focusing on something else so he didn’t pay much attention.

After a while, he looked up, glancing at the cup of tea that Jerome had placed quietly before leaving then he put his pen down on the table and leaned back in his chair. He picked up the cup of tea and walked into the balcony, deciding to take a short break.

Because of the incoming party, the garden was filled with a lot of people busying around. He looked around the garden, searching for his wife.

He found her soon enough at a corner of the garden but she was not alone. She was with a black-haired child-Damian.

‘They’re really friendly with each other.’

He muttered to himself, frowning slightly. Looking at it objectively, their relationship was one where they could never get too close to each other.

He was a little worried about her taking Damian to the garden party because a considerable amount of people would be suspicious about her intentions.

He considered telling her about his thoughts but shoved that idea away. She would know at least that much, she wasn’t a foolish woman.

Although it was interesting that Damian was getting along with her quite well. He wasn’t a very sociable boy but within a few weeks, he was made into an obedient puppy.

Even his butler Jerome was the same. ‘Milady’, ‘Milady’, was all he could say.

She seemed to have the amazing ability to turn people to her side. Even though many people liking her was definitely much better than their being her enemy, for some reason, he felt displeased inside.

‘What are they doing?’

For a while now, the both of them had been crouched low and their heads were facing each other. He couldn’t see what they were doing and he couldn’t see their faces properly because he was too far away.

‘What the heck are those two doing?’

He grumbled inwardly.

‘Without me.’

The last words were what was truly in his heart but because he was so childish, he couldn’t even bear to say it to himself.

***

Lucia and Damian were so engrossed in watching the amusing baby fox that they weren’t paying much attention to anything else. The big-eared yellow fox had awkward steps, toddling as it walked.

Whenever it tried to escape from between the two of them, it was gently blocked with one hand. It didn’t take long for it to give up on escaping, sit down and begin chasing its tail.

[He’s a rare mild and gentle guy for a fox. He’ll be easy to tame]

This was the common remark that the experienced breeders, which Kate sent to help, made after looking at the fox.

“Did you decide on a name, Damian?”

“Lucia, is...is it really okay for me to name it?”

“Of course. I’ll be happy if you name it.”

After Lucia asked him to give the fox a name a few days ago, he’d worried about it for a while and rummaged through all sorts of dictionaries while his studying took a back seat.

“Then...Asha.” (Damian)

“Asha? Does it have a meaning?” (Lucia)

“Just like names... I want it to have a strong vitality and last long.” (1)

“Asha. That’s a good name.”

Lucia lifted the fox and held it out to Damian.

“Since you’ve given it a name, hold it. Don’t just look at it.”

“Lucia, I...”

“Hurry up. I’ll drop it.”

As the time it was held up in the air grew longer, the baby fox began to struggle and wriggle around in her hands. Once he heard her say she’d drop it, Damian quickly reached out and carefully took the fox into his arms.

Asha lifted its long snout, looking at the boy for a moment, then it relaxed in his arms. The body temperature and the sound of fast-paced heartbeat of the small animal in his arms shocked Damian. It was a new sensation to him.

His emotions felt complicated and his body trembled. He felt like he hadn’t know what it meant to be alive till this moment.

“I feel...strange.”

“Why?”

“Just...It’s not like I hate it but I feel weird. My chest feels a bit prickly...”

Looking at Damian who didn’t know how much strength to put into his arms as he held the fox, Lucia smiled.

“Damian, that feeling means you think it’s loveable.”

“Love...able?”

“Yes. It’s the feeling your mother must have felt when she held you after you were born. You feel something is so loveable, your heart hurts.”

Damian stared silently at the fox with for a while, his expression unknown. The fox squirmed in his arms, adjusting itself to a more comfortable position then it placed its chin on the boy’s arms, blinking its eyes.

Damian lifted his head to look at Lucia, smiling brightly. It was the clear smile of a child, no darkness hidden within it.

The first carefree smile of the boy who was always stiff and brusque sent a burst of emotions through Lucia, deeply touching her.

Her gaze met Damian’s and she smiled at him.

A little far away, Hugo’s red eyes gazing at them trembled strongly. Unable to curb his curiosity, he finally left his office.

He walked towards the corner of the garden where they stayed crouched and at some distance, he was able to see why they weren’t paying attention to anything else.

‘What is that?’

The sight of the little beast wriggling around and the two of them concentrating on it like a never-seen-before treasure in the world came into view.

As he drew a little closer, he was able to hear their conversation.

‘Giving a beast a name? a useless act.’

The white horse he’d ridden for so many years still had no name.

‘...Lucia...?’

He furrowed his brow.

When he heard the name the evening when they were taking a walk, he’d thought he heard wrong but he was still somewhat sensitive to the name and this time, he definitely heard it and clearly too.

Why would Damian call her by that name?

It wasn’t Duchess, it wasn’t Mother and it wasn’t even her name. He stopped walking, standing still to think about it but couldn’t reach a conclusion so he resumed his journey.

However in a couple of steps, his footsteps paused again.

Looking at the boy’s smile that was as bright as sunshine, his heart clenched, filling his chest with biting pain.

‘Hah...’

He sighed mournfully.

‘It’s you.’

He smiled powerlessly. The child’s smile was very similar to the one his brother had given him on the day they’d met.

He just hadn’t realized it but it seemed the brother that he’d been missing had always been by his side.

Translator’s Corner

1) Very loose translation here. This was the only way for it to make sense in English.

*There’s so much cuteness and fluff that I’m getting worried.

*Also, is Hugo developing eavesdropping tendencies? hur hur.

< — Damian — > (11)

TN: Throughout this chapter’s flashback, the author barely refers to ‘Hugo’ as Hugo during the conversation. Author mostly just says ‘he’. I’m gonna leave it that way and I don’t think it’s confusing but tell me if it is.

Hugo’s memory returned to the first day he met Damian, the scene vividly drawn out before him.

One day, Philip brought in an awkward young child that was yet to walk smoothly. Even without being explained, the child’s black hair and red eyes were traits unique to the Taran bloodline.

He left the child in Jerome’s hands and when he was left alone with Philip, he question fiercely.

“What is that?”

“He is young master Hugo’s son.” (Philip)

At first, he was at loss for words then he became enraged. A male child? Without a relative, a boy of Taran blood could never be born.

“Don’t be stupid. That dead old geezer must’ve planted a seed somewhere, who are you trying to fool?”

“Haven’t you ever heard of young master Hugo having a lover?” (Philip)

He cursed furiously before retorting.

“What? The old fool’s tricks?”

He was so angry that he felt like he was going crazy.

“No, it is not . Young master Hugo and the miss fell in love without knowing each other’s identity and young master Damian is the result of their love.” (Philip)

“Love?!! Bullshit!”

In that moment, he hurled curses at his dead brother.

‘Fucking idiot. After acting like you know it all, you’ve finally done it.’

“Why didn’t he know his child was born?” (Hugo)

If his brother knew he had a child, he never would have chosen to kill himself.

“Young master Hugo passed away without knowing young master Damian was conceived.” (TN: He didn’t know the chick was pregnant)

“Did the old geezer also not know?”

“Yes.”

‘Hah. Serves him right, the old fool needs some retribution in hell.’

He(Hugo) muttered to himself, chuckling insidiously.

“What of the child’s name? Did you give it to him, old man?”

“I wouldn’t dare. Young master Damian’s mother gave him his name.”

“Mother?”

He(Hugo) remarked mockingly.

“She must be my half-sister. Here I thought they were all dead but there’s a half-sister. How many children did that old fool make?”

“Just as you know it, however from childhood, the miss had a weak body and was frequently ill. The deceased Duke determined that she would be unable to have a healthy child and decided to dispose of her. Hence, the deceased Duke believed the young miss to be dead.”

“Disposal. Ha! That’s exactly the type of thing that crazy old fool would do.”

He ridiculed icily.

“So? This half-sister of mine that’s supposed to be dead, how did she meet him, do this love play and give birth to a child?”

“I can only say that destiny is indeed something that cannot be predicted. I can also assure you that there was no ulterior motives or interference in their relationship.”

“Destiny? What crap. Where’s the child’s mother?”

“She passed away after giving birth. If you want a more detailed explanation...”

“Enough.”

As to whether or not they really knew each other’s identities, or whether or not there was outside interference in their relationship, there was no way for him to know.

No matter how long Philip rambled on, he couldn’t guarantee that it was the truth. Rather than listening to the old man’s bullshit, he switched his focus to the problem at hand.

“So? what? Why did you bring him to me?” (Hugo)

No matter whether it was his brother’s child, he was not his dead brother.

His brother was born the son of the loathsome former Duke and had a completely different personality like the different entity that he was.

Moreover, his brother wasn’t informed that the child was born so bringing the child now made him suspicious.

“He’s young master Hugo’s flesh and blood. It is only right to hand him over.”

“Don’t blabber that rubbish in front of me, take him and leave. I don’t know when I’ll want to kill it if it stays around me.”

However, Philip left Damian and secretly disappeared. He hid himself so well, not a trace of him could be found.

‘Then I’ll make sure the bastard doesn’t see a hair on the child’s head till the day he dies.’

Hugo gnashed his teeth in rage and invoked a ban against Philip approaching Damian.

Time went by and sometime later Philip secretly returned and tried to meet Damian but after seeing the guards placed around Damian, a report came back that Philip had once again disappeared.

Although it (the ban) was something done in a fit of anger at the time, when he thought about it, he realized it was a good thing.

Because of the war, Hugo was swamped and extremely busy so he got someone to mostly look after the child. There was almost no difference from neglecting the child.

When he returned to Roam several months later, they were all accepting Damian as his son. He’d never personally said that Damian was his son but no one thought was an issue.

This was because of how much they resembled each other. Both of them looked so much alike, leaving no room for doubts.

However, Damian’s appearance caused Hugo’s intention of ending the Taran family line to amount to nothing.

Hugo’s feeling towards Damian were delicately complex. His brother’s only mark left in this world and mass of burden.

It wasn’t love and hatred, he liked the boy just as much as he disliked him.

However, when he saw that smile on the boy, the smile that was exactly like his brother’s, he realized something.

Just as he’d intended, the cursed Taran blood would end with him. His twin brother was a mutation that could never be born of Taran blood.

He was supposed to be born with a blood full of cruelty and madness yet he was very unlike the Taran bloodline, he was gentle, pure and loved life.

And Damian inherited the blood of his brother.

The Taran Family, led by Damian would be reborn in a completely new way.

Damian noticed Hugo approaching and quickly stood up. The fox was still in his arms and he was flustered by the sudden appearance of Hugo.

Since he wasn’t studying at this time and was busy chattering, he was afraid he would be scolded.

Hugo indifferent glanced at the fox in the boy’s arms then spoke to Lucia.

“Wasn’t the fox hunt just for sightseeing?”

“I meant to do that but Lady Milton told me she’d help me obtain a fox. I hasn’t been long since I got it as a gift.”

Hugo was unhappy with the trivial creature rolling around in Damian’s arms.

‘So now, she’ll be going around with a beast in her arms too.’

First, frequent outings with Damian, now it’s a fox. The road to keeping her by his side was so difficult. In his heart, what he really wanted to do was keep her only to himself so only he could see her.

“Damian.”

“Yes? Yes!” (Damian)

It was the first time Hugo had used Damian’s name directly in front of him. Before when he called Damian directly, he said

‘Kid.’

And when he was conversing with other people and talking to Damian, he said.

‘Boy.’

“Fox hunting is not a game for men. It’s a trifling game for women. Return the fox to its master.”

He commanded arrogantly.

Lucia was dumbfounded and glared at him. A trifling game for women???

Damian alternated glances between the two of them then quickly handed over the fox to Lucia.

As he handed it over, there was none of the emotions from a while ago. He didn’t even show the slightest dismay or lingering attachment.

Lucia gave a hollow smile.

“Follow me.” (Hugo)

“Yes.”

The boy quickly replied like a soldier with military discipline.

“Where are you taking him?” (Lucia)

“We’re going to have a talk. Between men.” (Hugo)

Hugo began to walk ahead and again, Damian repeatedly alternated glances between the two of them then bowed his head in Lucia’s direction.

After which he quickly ran after Hugo. Unlike the usually calm Damian, this one was obviously excited.

“My goodness. What? Are they excluding me?”

Lucia was speechless. She felt a sense of betrayal from Damian who never looked back. The thought that all her efforts were less than one word from his father made her feel dispirited.

As she watched the departing backs of father-and-son, her dispirited heart didn’t take long to disappear. Their very alike behind view was very adorable. Damian’s figure as he took exceptionally light steps was also fun to look at.

“Please, get close enough that I’ll get jealous.”

While chuckling to herself, Lucia turned towards the workers in the garden. There was still a lot to do for the garden party tomorrow.

Translator’s Corner.

*Damian obviously has favorites! Hah.

*I got a comment about the ads for the first time ever and truthfully, I have virtually no control over the ads displayed. Maybe I can shoot WP an email?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 41
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (12)

TN: Ｏ(≧▽≦)Ｏ Enjoy~

He’d ultimately asked Damian to follow him but quite frankly, he had no idea what he to do with the child.

Roughly looking over the boy, he could say the boy had grown up well but properly examining the child felt awkward.

“Do you read a lot of books?”

“Yes, I like it so I read a lot.”

Hugo took Damian to his study. Before this, she’d been the only one allowed access to his study.

As soon as Damian entered the study, his eyes widened, his mouth fell open and his head swiftly turned left and right.

The huge library in his academy had a lot of books but it wasn’t stylish. Owned by an individual, the magnificent scale and superb atmosphere lit up a soft light in the eyes of the fascinated boy.

“Is that place part of the study too?”

Damian asked, looking at the firmly closed door at the right of the study.

Hugo’s eyes sank. The place where he was able to enter after succession. The place where only the head of the Taran Family could enter. It was a secret room that contained all the truths about the Taran family.

“Don’t concern yourself with that one. It’s full of garbage.”

Hugo had no plans of passing down that room to Damian. He would burn and erase all traces of it sometime before Damian takes over as the master of Taran.

This was what he’d made up his mind to do for a long time. The secrets of Taran would end with him alone.

“You can look around as you please. If you want to read a book, you can come in and read at any time.”

“Yes! Thank you.”

The boy had been jittery for a while because he wanted to look around so as soon as permission was given, he quickly bolted away and began to look all over the place.

There was warmth in Hugo’s eyes as he watched the boy frantically move from place to place, scouring the study.

Sometime later, Hugo left the study, leaving the boy alone as the boy had taken out a book from the shelves and was completely engrossed in reading.

When he was about to enter his office, the name ‘Lucia’ once again crossed his mind. He knit his brows and stood holding the door handle. After a while, he went inside.

***

From morning, there was a line of carriages heading towards Roam to attend the garden party hosted by the Duchess.

Because the Duchess always held small tea parties and never a ball, this garden party reached many generations.

The age group were diverse, ranging from elderly women to unmarried girls, the attendees were also diverse, composed of well-known people in the northern high society, those who were not well-known, families of vassals and those who were not families of vassals.

Everyone invited today had at least been invited once to one of the Duchess’ previous tea parties.

The tea parties of the Duchess were not repetitive exchanges with a small group of people but were distinctively broad meetings with various groups of people.

The evaluation of the Duchess in the high society varied from person to person.

Those who dreamt of a grand and luxurious ball expressed their regrets while influential figures in the established high society favored the non-aggressive manner of the Duchess.

“Thank you for the invitation.”

“Welcome. I’m glad you could come.”

Lucia welcomed the ladies as they arrived one at a time, greeting them with a light embrace.

It was hectic constantly meeting the eyes of people and smiling at them as they entered but once there was a little gap, she called for her maid.

“Damian is running late. Go check if he’s still far away and report to me.”

“Yes, Milady.”

There were dozens of round tables arranged in the extensive space of the garden. They were covered with white lace tablecloths and each table was decorated with a vase.

There were no designated seats, allowing people to sit freely. The attendees understood this and they made groups of twos and threes, taking up tables one at a time.

In the blink of an eyes, the garden was filled with the talk and laughter of women. It was a really good weather to schedule an outside program.

The sunlight was moderate and there was next to no wind. Even though they had already entered the cold season, it was quite cozy today.

The elevated atmosphere filled the face of the ladies with laughter.

“Lady Milton. Welcome, come on in.”

“Thank you for the invitation, the weather is very good today and I know the party will be lovely.”

After confirming that Kate came alone, Lucia expressed her regret.

“Madam Michelle did not come with you.”

“Yes, she wanted to come but her health isn’t very good these days.”

Countess Corzan was weakening in energy day by day due to old age and as Countess Corzan was like a teacher to her, Lucia’s heart felt uncomfortable.

“I have to go see her sometime.”

“Great-aunt will be very pleased if you do.”

A maid quickly went up to Lucia and informed her.

“Young Master is waiting in the first floor hall.”

Kate looked on worriedly as Lucia asked to be excused and went inside. She knew ahead of time about Lucia’s plan to introduce Damian at the garden party.

Kate had cautiously expressed her concerns but Lucia’s thoughts on it were firm and she couldn’t change her mind.

‘I don’t know if this will turn out okay.’

The problem of illegitimate children gaining peerage was more determined by the attitude of women than the attitude of men. No one wanted to be in a situation where an outsider comes in out of the blue, kicks away their good fortune and overtakes the child of the legal wife.

‘Lucia was born a princess and then became a Duchess. She doesn’t seem to know of the noble wives’ mentality to an abnormal degree. Although, rather than not knowing their mentality, should I say she’s detached from their desires?’

Kate had interacted with a wide range of people. If they were of like-mind, they didn’t discriminate between people, regardless of their status.

So, naturally there was a lot to compare between how a person with a high status and a person with a low status differ in basic attitude.

The typical daughters that were born noble ladies, had never experienced a rough day, married that way, lived as noble ladies, and had a very narrow view.

It wasn’t that they had malice but from the outset they didn’t know anything else. They were arrogant, fussy, immensely prideful and selfish. Apart from a difference in degree, they were pretty much the same way.

It wasn’t like Lucia did not know the attributes of such ladies. Sometimes during conversation, she was surprisingly sharp. However, understanding with one’s head differed from accepting it with one’s heart. To Kate, Lucia was intriguing.

It was her first time seeing someone like Lucia in such a position. Lucia wouldn’t reveal herself of her own accord nor would she stand on top of anyone. She wasn’t pretending to be humble, it was her nature.

There were no pretenses, no fabrications, even when saying something, she took the recipient of her words into consideration. So, Kate felt most comfortable when she was around her.

Kate’s expression grew dark when she saw an elderly noble woman with her head stiffly raised high amongst the cluster of guests.

The Countess of Wales was a well-known figure in the northern high society. Even though her (Kate’s) great aunt was respected by a lot of people, her great aunt’s actual influence was not that significant.

This was because her great aunt did not like this woman. The Countess of Wales and her great aunt were extreme polar opposites on everything. In fact, the relationship between the two was not good at all.

The Wales family was considered one of the most prestigious and wealthy families in the North. The Countess of Wales wielded her influence to her heart’s content and enjoyed people flocking towards her.

‘Great-aunt said her activities have come to a lull and these days, she flaps her wings around more.’

As the Countess of Wales did not enjoy horse riding, she was never found in the horse-riding field. However, according to the rumors spreading around, when she heard that Lucia had brought Damian to the horse-riding field and introduce him to people, she’d remarked,

[She’s young. She should have someone close to her, giving her wise advice.]

‘I hope she doesn’t stir up pointless drama today but...’

Kate knew inwardly just how smart and firm the seemingly docile Lucia was. Hence, although she was worried, she wasn’t anxious.

< — Damian — > (12)

TN: ~(⁰▿⁰)~

Lucia entered the central tower and found Damian lingering around the same spot then she approached him.

“You look splendid, Damian.”

Damian was dressed in a small sized adult-like tailcoat size and looked like the perfect little gentleman. Lucia wished father and son would wear tailcoats, standing side by side as she held them in each arms and entered the party venue.

The ladies wouldn’t be able to take their eyes off them. Just imagining it made her smile happily.

“It’s a bit...stifling.” (Damian)

“You’ll get used to it soon. The guests have arrived, let’s go.”

Damian stood still and did not move as though he’d been nailed to the ground.

“Lucia, no matter how I think about this, I...”

“Damian, from now on, you’ll have to stand in front of a lot of people. Today is just the beginning. There is no need to feel pressured, if anyone misbehaves around you, just tell me. I’ll teach them a lesson.”

Damian stared blankly in response and Lucia put her hand on her waist.

“You don’t believe me? All right. I’ll tell your father instead. He’s a scary person so he’ll teach them a good lesson.”

A little smile floated onto the boy’s lips.

“Let’s go.”

Lucia reached out, grabbing Damian’s hand and pulling at it. Damian flinched at the sudden contact. He gazed at the hand holding his and obediently followed, walking along. It was a soft and warm hand.

His gaze slowly moved from her hands to arms to her back. There was no light coming off of her but his eyes felt dazzled. He was dazed by her brightness and couldn’t move his eyes away.

When the hostess of the party, the Duchess appeared, the noise gradually subsided and the venue became quiet.

Lucia glanced through the ladies of various ages sitting in gorgeous and colorful attires and announced the start of the party with a greeting.

“I would like to extend my thanks to all of you who were willing to attend today. It is my first time having so many people in one place so there might be some immaturity but I hope we all have a good time.”

Amongst the ladies attending today, the ones that were older and more influential than Lucia bowed their head slightly.

“And, there is someone I would like to introduce to you all today. Damian, come on out.”

Damian who was hidden from people’s sight, walked up and stood beside Lucia at her call.

“You are all well aware of him. In the future, the Young Lord will be the master of Taran after the Duke. He’s still young but I wanted him to give his greetings so I called for him.”

Most of them could not hide their confusion at the boy’s appearance. After a moment of silence, the crowd stirred. The confused ones were mainly the singles or young wives while the expressions of the older wives stiffened.

In the midst of this, one person placed down their teacup heavily, making a loud noise. It was the Countess of Wales.

Her expression was cold and she lowered her hand to her knees, her mouth tightly shut. People’s gazes traveled over to the Countess.

The Countess’ expression did not reveal any displeasure. She just remained silent and expressionless. As the Countess’ silence grew longer and longer, the expression of people around gradually stiffened.

***

Around the time when the garden party started, Hugo was working on documents in his office. When Jerome came in with tea at his usual time, Hugo questioned him.

“Is the party going well?”

“Yes, I heard almost all the guests have arrived.”

“Anyone that was invited and didn’t show?”

The act of receiving an invitation and being absent without previous communication was an insult to the organizer. Unless one was without fear, they wouldn’t do such a thing but because she’d said she would introduce Damian, Hugo was somewhat concerned.

“Apart from two people who informed me of their absence due to health issues and two others who sent word that they would be arriving slightly late, they are all in attendance.”

Hugo nodded and shifted his eyes back to the paperwork on his desk.

Suddenly, the name ‘Lucia’ popped up in his head again. He would forget the name for a moment then it would pop up in his head again, the name just kept hovering around his head.

He was curious but he didn’t want to ask her, it would be too embarrassing to ask her directly. After all, it had come to mind that perhaps it was just a nickname that the both of them shared between themselves.

Last night, he couldn’t have his wife. Because of the garden party, she had to get up early and had him promise not to touch her at all so he really only hugged her and slept.

She slept sweetly, not caring about him who was too flared up to sleep. Without any power or energy, what bait could he throw to catch her?

“By any chance, have you heard of the name, ‘Lucia’?”

Hugo was spewing these words bitterly, like a complaint, but when Jerome replied with ‘Yes’, Hugo quickly lifted his head.

“You’ve heard of it? Who is it?”

Jerome tensed up in the face of his master’s unusual reaction. While thinking that there was no way his master didn’t know, he had answered indifferently but his master didn’t seem to know.

‘Oh dear. Milady, why is Master not aware of this?’

Jerome expressed his frustration to the madam inwardly.

“...That...I heard it was Milady’s childhood name.”

His master gave no response to that.

Jerome broke out in cold sweat. His master really did not know. He began to get worried as to whether the two of them would have another serious fight like last time.

“Did my wife tell you directly?”

“No, I chanced upon Lady Milton calling Milady by that name so I asked Milady about it.”

“Okay. You may go.”

After Jerome left, the office was quiet and Hugo sat staring at a paper but none of the words on it were entering his brain.

The daughter of Baron Milton knew, Damian knew, even Jerome knew but only he didn’t know.

Hugo was yet again shocked. Her heart was still firmly shut and under lock and key. Perhaps it will keep being so in the future.

[I will never love you]

[There’s nothing after it ends.]

He put the pen and paper in his hands down, clasped his head with his hands and let his head drop onto the desk. His chest felt stifled, like there was a huge rock pressing down on it.

It felt like wandering in a desert and the end could not be seen. He found something he wanted for the first time since his brother’s death but it was something he could never get.

Perhaps it was comparable to the desperation of a man dying from hunger as he looked at a fruit that was simply out of reach. Even though he took deep breaths, his clogged up chest did not ease up.

After the death of his brother, his world slowly became colorless. It was boring and meaningless. However, he didn’t know when it began but recently, he hadn’t thought of the world as tiresome.

At some point, his world was full of color and his seemingly stopped heart began beating again. If he were to lose her, his world would die again. As long as she was his wife, she could not leave him.

However, marriage could not bind the heart. No contract in the world could do that. If her heart had not yet been given to another, he could bear it.

However, what if she gave it to someone else? What if she gave her body to him while sharing her heart with another?

He closed his eyes as he hazily sank into the darkness within his mind. The sound of knocking on his door pulled him back into reality.

The one he didn’t want to answer the most, Ashin, hurriedly entered his office.

“Your Grace, urgent report on the outbreak of an epidemic.”

He sighed. How exhausting. He wasn’t even allowed time to get sentimental. The northern land was a very large land so incidents happened without rest.

Just like riding on an old ship with water leakage, when one blocks one of the holes, the water comes in from somewhere else. He barely managed to get his heart that wanted to throw it all way under control and summoned some enthusiasm.

“What epidemic in this weather?”

“Reportedly, dozens of people in the fief complained of the same symptoms and the disease occurred in batches. Since it’s a place that’s only three to four hours away on horse, I didn’t continue monitoring the situation and contacted you.”

Hugo stood up immediately. If it was really epidemic, the consequence of it spreading to Roam would be the worst of worsts.

“I will head out immediately. Have the knights on standby and get physicians that can ride.”

“Understood. Since Sir Philip is opportunely staying in Roam at the moment, shall I request for Sir Philip to get ready?”

Hugo frowned.

“Except that old g... except Philip. Find another doctor.”

Ashin acquiesced and withdrew.

Hugo roughly arranged the documents on his desk and after a while, he left his office. After being informed of this news, Jerome quickly brought his master’s white unnamed horse outside and waited for him.

Hugo urgently ordered one of his hurrying knights to find and bring a doctor along, then he departed first with the rest of his knights.

Translator’s Corner:

*Thank you guys for commenting!! I look forward to the comments everytime I upload cuz y’all are hilarious and it keeps me going XD.

* I wonder what the old windbag will do next *chokes on laughter*

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 42
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (13)

TN: Couldn’t find an emoji that suited my mood translating this (╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻

It was a place that held more than a 100 people but it was quiet to the point that even the sound of breathing could not be heard. No one opened their mouth, laughed or touched their cups.

Covered with bright makeup and colorful dresses, these women eerily spotted the same wooden expressions. This began with the Countess of Wales.

“What seems to be the problem, Countess Wales?”

“I understood today’s party to be one for women. This purpose doesn’t seem to fit that.”

“It is just a child. Although a male child, one cannot say there has been no such precedence. Especially in the capital.”

Lucia replied with special emphasis on the last word. The northern high society could not compare to the capital’s high society whether it was in scale or people.

Even if one brags about being famous in the northern high society, one is simply big fish in a little pond. Lucia choose words that would hurt the Countess’ pride to give her a strong warning. How about withdrawing at this point?

“If you put it that way, then I have nothing else to say.”

The Countess of Wales answered, deliberately displaying a sullen expression. The sly Countess found the Duchess’ provocation about the capital ridiculous.

‘Just as I thought, the Duchess has been hiding her true colors.’

The gentle and docile appearance she showed at tea parties was also a lie. The Countess thought the Duchess acting as though she wasn’t interested in the northern high society was a lie.

To say she had no desire to use her status as the Duchess to control the high society? That was no way she didn’t have such desires. Sure enough, she was obviously in the process of passively exploring for now.

‘Duchess, if you think you can seize the north high society with just your status as a Duchess, you’re heavily mistaken.’

If there was world where status and rank did not have absolute reign, it was the high society. Just like the Queen could not dominate the capital’s high society with just her status, the northern high society also couldn’t be dominated with just status.

‘Becoming a Duchess after being a princess merely appears good.’

If the Duchess thought about it a little more, she would know that much. The Countess held a lot of interest in the capital’s high society so she was well-informed on the rumors in the capital and she knew what rumors were currently spreading in the capital about the Duchess.

Not all rumors were true but the Countess knew many things that the northern people did not know. For instance, she knew that the Duchess did not have a single relative and was merely one of many princesses in the castle.

There was also many suspicious points about her marriage to the Duke. According to a credible rumor source, the King and the Duke had some sort of contract.

When the Countess heard the rumor depicting the Duchess as a celestial beauty, she laughed her head off. She also deemed the rumor that the ducal couple led a happily married life to be a groundless rumor.

The Countess knew of the Taran Duke’s female exploits very well. The Duke was never a man to settle for one woman.

‘Duchess, if you want to hold on to that seat for long time, you have to place helpful people by your side. Not that old thing on her last legs.’

The fact that the Countess of Corzan was the first person to meet the Duchess and was requested to teach the Duchess about the high society, was pretty much the topic of discussion in the high society. Due to this, the Countess of Wales was dissatisfied.

Her influence was far superior to the Countess of Corzan yet people looked up to the Countess of Corzan and called her Godmother.

‘Nothing but an old thing in a back room teaching bridal lessons at best.’

Acting aloof and admonishing while using the reason that she was much older, the very sight of Countess Corzan sickened the Countess of Wales. Not being able to see the Countess of Corzan these days made her feel completely refreshed.

So in today’s garden party, the Countess of Wales intended to highlight her existence to the Duchess, no matter the means and just in the nick of time, the Duchess gave her a very good means.

The moment the young lord appeared, the countess made all her calculations in an instant then she began a silent protest. Her justification being the party’s purpose.

Damian had been announced as the successor to the Duke and it wasn’t something one could not formally question it. Hence, there was no one that did not know that the Countess’ justification was simply just that, a justification.

Beginning with the Countess, the elderly women acted together, the young ladies chatted cluelessly at first but as time passed, they became conscious of their surroundings and followed passively.

It had almost been an hour and a half since the party was declared as started but people sat like dolls without any expression.

Not everyone was in sync. In this situation, Kate appeared very casual, deliberately making loud noises, drinking tea and eating sweets. However, she lacked the ability to overturn the situation alone.

The Countess of Wales was too strong an opponent for Kate. Kate had her great-aunt behind her so she could openly oppose it but the other young ladies could not.

Party-breaking.

It was an event of power struggle between the organizer and the attendees. (1). Or in the case where an organizer commits a mistake that should be socially or ethically criticized, the high society punishes them in the manner of party-breaking.

The method was simple. The attendees would just remain silent.

If the party-break wasn’t for the purpose of punishment but for a problem that occurred during the party, until the problem was resolved, the attendees would keep their mouth shut, as if declaring their absence.

When a person began to lead a party-break, unless someone else with similar influence to the leader opposes them, it was the rule that other people would turn a blind eye and follow along.

‘If great-aunt was here, it wouldn’t have become like this.’

Kate was overwhelmed with regret. Party-breaking was a war for women. There were no deaths or loud cries like in a man’s war but at times it was more cruel and bloody.

Also unlike a man’s war, in the high society’s struggle for power, status and rank were not absolute. If one approaches a situation by throwing down one’s status, gradually one would be treated as an outcast in the high society.

Lucia looked over the crowd with a frosty expression. The maids were pale with fright and had crowded themselves in a corner. Contrarily, Damian’s expression was the very placid.

Lucia had once witnessed the sight of a party-break occurring in her dream. A party-break was impossible in a very small tea party or in a grand ball where many people, both male and female, were in attendance. It was only plausible in a moderate meeting were only women were in attendance.

The party-break she witnessed happened just like today. From her experience in her dream, there had never been a party-break for rational or reasonable purposes.

A high society faction dispute, a confrontation between women’s cliques, a revenge led by the wife to punish the adulterous organizer. These were the reasons for most of them.

Lucia knew the way to conclude a party-break. If the organizer and the attendees appeared to have a plausible reconciliation, the party could finish up safely.

Usually, it was the organizer that took a step back. This was because if one’s party fails in the middle, it was a huge disgrace.

The way to resolve this situation was clear. Damian had to be sent out of the party.

Translator’s Corner:

(1). I originally wanted to translate this as: ‘It was a dick measuring contest between the organizer and the attendees’ but I refrained. Hah.

(2). ┬──┬ ノ( ゜-゜ノ)

< — Damian — > (13)

TN: Σ(゜ロ゜;)

The way to resolve this situation was clear. Damian had to be sent out of the party.

However, Lucia had no thoughts of doing so. The Countess of Wales had the wrong idea from the beginning. Lucia held no attachment to the high society. She already had her fill of acting graceful and conversational at social activities in her dream.

Lucia turned to face the crowd and declared in a cool voice.

“Everyone, I’m afraid we cannot have an enjoyable time today. This event is now dismissed.”

The ladies stirred.

“I won’t see you off, you don’t deserve it.”

Then she gave an order to the maids.

“Please show the guests out.”

The maids in the corner straightened up and answered resolutely. The confidence of their madam became the saving grace to the pride of the employees. When the maids began to move around in a bustling manner, the masks of the women broke and they started exchanging glances.

“Today, you have all deceived me, the Duchess and Lady of Taran. You will soon realize that this was not a wise move.”

Lucia’s cold threat did not conform to the rules of the high society. The expression of the older women in particular sank inwardly. However, no one revealed their discomfort.

Even if the Duchess had no influence over the high society, if one were to commit an act that disregarded her rank openly, one had to be fearful of the later consequences.

“Someday, your son or grandson will have my son as their master. I can see the saying of ‘parents ruining the futures of their child’ refers to a case like this.”

Lucia thundered icily then turned around and headed straight for the central tower, abandoning the crowd. After the Duchess disappeared, the buzzing of the ladies grew louder.

“Ah? What in the world is this?”

“Tell me about it, I didn’t think about the aftermath and just committed.”

“The Duchess is not the usual type to get angry. It’s scary when a normally gentle person gets angry. What should we do?”

The criticism was concentrated on 10 elderly women including the Countess of Wales who led the party-break. Ignoring their faults in following along, they shifted the blame to another, despite this pathetic behavior, they didn’t dare to voice their criticism to the Countess of Wales.

“Keu-heum.” (TN: Clearing of throat)

As the recipients of those uncomfortable gazes, the leaders were the first to leave with sour expressions.

The Countess of Wales’ expression stiffened.

‘It shouldn’t have turned out this way, why...’

This was because the Countess had purposefully tried to calculate the probable outcomes of the party-break. Even if one is seasoned and experienced in socializing, when actually faced with a party-break, one would fall into confusion.

The Countess saw that the newly married young Duchess had little experience in the high societal socializing and thought that she would be unlikely to know what a party-break was.

The Countess thought that the Duchess would be flustered and would surely send the young lord out to fix the situation. After all, the young lord was not the Duchess’ biological son.

When the Countess heard one day that the Duchess was carrying the Duke’s extramarital child and going around, she thought it to be impressive.

To her, the ducal couple was a couple in appearances only.

There was no doubt that the Duchess thought of securing her place as the Duchess using the young lord, hence Duchess’ comely actions to the young lord were not sincere.

After all, which sane women would do something to block the future of their unborn child?

She was deliberately trying to figure out what the Duchess’ hidden intentions were, so using the fact that she was young and inexperienced, she spoke cynically. It made people think that the Duchess was unhappy with the act of bringing the illegitimate child of the Duke around with her.

It was amateurish to think that a relationship between one person and another could only be achieved through meeting face to face and having intimate conversations. A true pro is one that know the heart of another without meeting face to face.

When party break happens, the Duchess would be unable to win and would have taken a step back first. Initially, her pride would be hurt and she would fume with anger however as time goes by, she would realize that the incident was not too bad.

In the view of others, the Duchess had done her best. She was humiliated in trying to defend an extramarital child, so no matter how one looked at it, she was be a generous mother with ample tolerance.

When the Duchess’ mind calmed down, the Countess would then lessen herself and secretly swoop in. After which the hurt pride of the Duchess would be restored and they would be able to cultivate a close relationship. This was all the Countess of Wales had calculated inwardly.

However, the Countess’ biggest mistake was not properly understanding what kind of person Lucia was. No matter how often the two of them met, the Countess and Lucia could not fully understand each other. The thoughts and beliefs of the two were inextricably parallel.

The tycoon of the northern high society who seemed to have shot herself in the foot by taking it a few moves too far was now putting her brain to work.

(TN: Random gossip)

“What should I do? If my husband finds out about this, he’ll give me a hard time.”

“Look at the place to lie before stretching your legs. You know very well what kind of person the Duke of Taran is, so why did you do it?”

“It’s a social thing for women. It’s not the case for a man to meddle.”

“Does everything always follow the same principle? Rumor has it the ducal couple’s conjugal relationship is pretty good. If a woman whispers coquettishly, can any man can resist?”

“Ah, I don’t know. I’ll have refuse any outings and stay quiet for a while.”

“Why ever did Countess Wales flare up over the Duke’s heir like that?”

“Did you not know? The Count of Wales took in an extramarital daughter like that and went around with her. In the end, the extramarital daughter was married off to the Count.”

“Oh my, then the Count and the daughter of the in-laws...”

“The funny thing is, the Countess of Wales squeezed out some tears from her daughter-in-law and then not long after, two extramarital grandsons were entered into the family register.”

“My goodness.”

Damian watched with cold red eyes, saving the actions of the noble ladies with his eyes and ears. Today, the boy graphically witnessed the figures of those he had to step on to advance in the future.

It was a completely different direction from what Lucia had hoped for but it was a great lesson anyways.

Some women unintentionally locked eyes with Damian, causing them to flinch and turn away. After clamoring in groups, the remaining women began to depart from their seats.

When the number of people in the garden decreased a lot, Damian also left the event.

Translator’s Corner:

1) The Korean saying, ‘look at the place to lie before stretching your legs’ means do something if you’re sure of it or you can perfect it, otherwise don’t do it.

*I’ll be travelling back to college this Saturday. Chapters for this week may/may not be delayed. If they are delayed (aka not in by Sunday) , I’ll do 5 chapters next week. Also, classes start nxt week.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 43
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (14)

TN: (๑ơ ₃ ơ)♥

Lucia entered the central tower and checked behind her. The Damian who said he would be following shortly was nowhere to be found.

She asked a maid to fetch him and went into the receiving room. She sat down, placed her head on the sofa and closed her eyes. Her head was hurting.

‘I was too complacent. To think it would be a party-break.’

She thought too lightly of the women’s stubborn pride that wouldn’t break even if their neck was snapped. She let her guard down at the fact that the atmosphere here was distinctly different from the one in the capital’s social circles.

She also might have been conceited about the fact that she was a Duchess without even realizing it. Even though she knew that in the high society, one’s reputation and personal connection accumulated over the years was much more important that status, she had foolishly overlooked it.

‘From the first time I saw that woman, I didn’t really like her.’

Lucia was deeply impressed by the character of Countess Corzan, the godmother of the northern high society so she had high expectations before meeting the Countess of Wales, whose influence was much greater. However, her expectations quickly turned into disappointment.

In Lucia’s eyes, the countess of Wales that was invited to her tea party a couple of times was like a snake in human skin.

It was mistake to just smile in the past because she wanted to avoid unnecessary confrontation. Because now, the countess took her to be a joke and led this kind of thing.

‘Although I knew it wouldn’t be easy.’

Which is why she’d asked Kate to definitely bring the Countess of Corzan if possible. She wanted to have a safety shield. There was no way the countess wouldn’t know how to build up a frontal confrontation when faced with a party break. Her mistake of not being careful was painful.

‘Is Countess Wales wrathful because of her extramarital issues?’

It would be too shallow to just see it as a crafty high society greeting. If she particularly wanted to humiliate Lucia using the party-break, she had a lot more to lose than to gain from it.

Even if one’s status was not absolute in the high society, status could never be ignored. Moreover, the Duke of Taran’s absolute influence in the north was not inferior to that of the King’s in the capital.

The Countess of Wales wouldn’t have thought to do such a thing if she hadn’t assumed what was in Lucia’s mind and calculated off of that.

One villain recognizes another. No matter how much Lucia observed the behavior of groups in the high society, she did not have a mind twisted enough to grasp the psychology of the people who were capable of scheming and conspiring.

‘A person’s actions can’t be judged with only rationality.’

It was unprecedented that an illegitimate child entered into the family was selected as a candidate. Lucia began to mull over the problem a bit more seriously.

‘If the northern atmosphere is like this then the capital’s must be formidable as well.’

She wondered if he had any idea on how to resolve this issue. Seeing as he didn’t think bringing Damian to social party was a big deal, he may not have any ideas.

‘Damian taking over the title may the beginning of a different flow in the future. That’s probably why people are resistant.’

She was too hasty. She didn’t want to miss this chance since Damian might soon be going back to the Academy. She introduced Damian at the horse riding field and took it lightly because the garden party could not be Damian’s formal social debut.

She opened her eyes and checked around but Damian was still nowhere to be found.

‘Hasn’t it been a while since I asked the maid to get him?’

The headache was making her irritated. She called for another maid.

“Why is it taking so long to fetch the young lord?”

The maid immediately left in haste then returned after a while.

“Milady, the young master did not answer when asked to come in. The one who receive Milady’s order first is by the young master’s side not knowing what to do.”

“What is Damian doing outside?”

“Nothing...just looking at people.”

“...Alright.”

What could the child be thinking as he watched those people? She had to ask him when he came in.

Lucia closed her eyes again.

“Lucia.”

At some point, Kate had entered and was sitting next to Lucia, holding her hand. Lucia opened her eyes and seeing Kate, she gave her a smile.

“Thank you for today, Kate.”

“No, I was of no help at all. Don’t be too upset. By all means, just think of it as a rite of passage.”

Kate was worried that Lucia would be overcome with shame because of her broken pride. However, Lucia did not care about things like an organizer’s pride. Even though it was in her dream, she had worked as a nursing maid for a noblewoman. This type of thing wasn’t enough for her pride to feel humiliated.

“It’s okay. And I’m sorry Kate but do you mind going back for today? I have a lot to think about.”

Kate replied that she understood, spoke a few more words of warmth and comfort then left.

Lucia called Jerome who was continuously lingering around.

“Is he in the office?”

“No. An urgent message arrived and master had to head out. There was no definitive reply as to whether master would return today.”

Lucia felt both slightly sad and relieved at the same time.

“I will inform him of today’s matter so don’t tell him directly.”

“Yes, Milady”

“Also, will you call Anna for me?”

The headache was getting worse so she thought to have some medicine. After Jerome went out, Lucia sent all the maids away.

She looked at Damian who had come in some moments ago and beckoned him over.

“Damian, come here.”

Damian approached and went on his knees before Lucia. Lucia sprang up in surprise.

“I’m sorry. Because of me...” (Damian)

The boy did not care how others looked at him. No matter how intense the unfriendly gazes were, they did not cause any direct harm. However, he didn’t want them to send such gazes to Lucia.

Damian didn’t know the high society very well, neither did he know what a party-break was but he knew the earlier situation had humiliated Lucia.

Anger. He felt anger at his weakness. The situation would have turned out completely different if his father was there.

“No, Damian. Why do you have to apologize?”

Lucia felt tears threaten to break out and reach out to lift Damian, taking him into her embrace. Damian said he didn’t like it from the beginning, she was the one that persuaded him and eventually the result was such.

‘I should have gone about it a different way. It would have been okay to introduce him just about when the party was finishing but I was too greedy.’

“I’m sorry, Damian. I didn’t think of you. I didn’t think that you could be hurt and only thought of myself.”

As he liked the nice fragrance and soft feeling of the embrace, Damian was holding his breath and doing his best to stay still. He thought if he moved even a little bit, Lucia would be surprised and move away.

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” (Lucia)

“I...It’s all right.”

Damian was really fine. He had completely forgotten about the meaningless gazes of those women that didn’t know anything the moment Lucia said, ‘my son,’ earlier. The words were still replaying in the boy’s head and touched his heart.

“It’s not your fault, Damian. What people do is not your fault. Adults are not all wise.”

Lucia’s voice grew shaky at the end. At the sound of small sobbing, Damian stiffened.

‘Don’t cry because of me,’ the words in head were stuck in his throat, refusing to come out. Little by little, he carefully inched forward, placing his forehead on Lucia’s shoulders.

It was the first time someone cried for the sake of the boy. His throat felt as though it was hot and constricted, and his eyes felt flushed.

It was just a little. But the boy’s eyes were wet.

Translator’s Corner

*extramarital= out-of-wedlock. Think concubine’s child except not a concubine. Most of you guys know this but still.

< — Damian — > (14)

TN: Sorry in advance

I ended up happening unlike what I was worried about. It was not group epidemic but group food poisoning. Both in this weather, infectious disease or food poisoning, it was not uncommon, but the peacock was not in a direct run.

The village lord who floated the pavil and gave the peacock a giggle had a complaint.

“I like candy”

“Yes. Majesty. This mushroom looks like an edible mushroom, but when you eat it looks like a bellyache, pooing, vomiting and a red spot on the whole body. ”

As soon as the doctor who was brought in was familiar with poisoning and poison ivy, he looked at some patients and asked them what they found, and found mushrooms in the rest of the ingredients. In a short time, the problem was resolved in the moment.

The villagers who had never eaten biscuit before (what?) and when the problem was resolved within two hours of the peacock’s appearance, it was wonderful. It was also full of awe in the eye of our peacock,

“If I’m a mushroom near here, Koreans will not know.”

“Yes. Majesty. This mushroom is not a mushroom that lives in the vicinity. We have to climb to the north with more climate. ”

“ What is going on? ”

“I don’t know, the chapter seems odd.”

“I wonder why?”

“Must be the aggregators again”

Asked by Hugo, the lord was tied up in a pose, and nibbled on the floor, he fell on his face. He was a shop owner who had run a grocery store in the village and supplied the mushrooms.

“Yes, yes. Uh ... I am looking for the actual chapter .”

“Enough. The chapter is . I think the translator got tired of spending hours on a chapter and having it stolen.”

“ IKR? How rude. ”

The man who watched the situation when the elderly man was running away with a runny nose, said to the duke.

“I think I’ll have to keep track of these thieves, why so many?”

“I have the same question. You’d think they’d at least credit the translator. “

“How ridonkulous.”

I answered with a voice everywhere.

“Translator-san, are you bored? “

The lord apologized with a dark look.

“No. I am actually quite busy”

The look of the lord who was ready to live anger brightened brightly.

“Why don’t I believe you?.”

“Umm...if you’re still reading, chapter is “

There was nothing to see here anymore. Three hours of horseback riding was a bad habit but much better than a plague.

Hugo and Knights left for Roam, leaving a few people to do the rest. The day was getting darker.

It was not far to Roam. Hugo and other knights gathered in a small fountain to celebrate horses and human necks.

Hugo looked at the time. By the time you enter Roam, it will be quite dark.

It is likely that the dinner time will be adjusted or it will be a little later. Hugo called Dean.

“You know the funny thing is aggregators don’t copy my links.”

It is good to arrive before meals, but if you are a little late, you do not want to have a break in the middle of meals during the meal. Dean, who was named, departed a little earlier and after a while Hugo and the knights started running.

I ran without rest and arrived at Roam, and the horse that had loaded Hugo stopped to go inside. One of the servants who found Hugo coming down from the horse ran in amazement, and Jerome leaped out after a while.

“Anyone still reading up till this point must be bored.”

“Or they just like google translate?.”

Jerome followed immediately behind Hugo to the office. After a while, the three brothers, who dedicated themselves to the work, went into the office with clothes for change. Hugo changed their dusty clothes.

“ Could be? ”

“ Do I put the link up again? ”

“ Nah, just put it at the end of...what ever this is .”

“It’s a chapter ”

Hugo went straight to the desk. When I sat in my chair, I had several documents in front of me that looked best. Marked in red on the corner, it is urgent. There was no time to breathe, he muttered and picked up a document.

[Hugo says, “I love you Lucia.”

Lucia says, “I love you Hugh”]

Translator-san, Get your fantasies off this holy ground.

Because of the party, the atmosphere of tolerance was dark all day today. He reminded me of the man who told me to tell him directly,

“I reeeally hope no one is still reading.”

I answered.

“Call me when you’re ready for dinner.”

He sat down halfway around his desk and began to read the papers. Lucia fell asleep with a headache pill and woke up and continued to hang on the sofa.

Even though I woke up to sleep after taking medicine, my headache rarely sunk. Her head was sick and her mood was bad, so Lucia kept crying while lying on the bedroom sofa.

The evening was over and the headache was gone, and the maid informed us of the return of the peacock.

“What? You came in? ”

Lucia thought he would not come in today. Bring the mirror to the housemaid, and my eyes were swollen. If I knew this, I would have to do my pussy.

“Bring a cold towel.”

Lucia was fired as a temporary measure. But time was not enough. It will be announced soon that dinner is over.

“How are you? Is it snowy? ”

“You have fallen more than ever before. At first glance, I do not know. ”

Only during meal time he does not have to know. After dinner, he will go back into the office.

He gets a little busier when he gets out. It is likely to sink soon if you paddle a little more. I did not want to let him know that I cried for nothing.

I went down to the restaurant and Damien was there first. Hugo came in a little late and was seated.

He lifted a spoon and gazed at her naturally. His hair twisted and his hands stopped.

As soon as he put the spoon on the table to be heard, the atmosphere froze coldly. He got up and approached her, embarrassingly looking at herself.

One hand clutching the table, grabbed her jaw with one hand. Her reddish eyes were clearly in his sight.

His eyes darkened as if his eyes were wide open.

“What is it.”

Lucia was conscious of her surroundings and naturally turned her head and dropped her gaze. I did not know he would respond to this. I thought I might ask you something later if you look at it. I was disappointed that I could not even have a room with Damian as well as my employees.

“First you eat ...”

He grabbed her chin firmly and pushed his head back to look more closely. Her clear amber eyes were red. Did you cry? Why?

“Jerome!”

Jerome the super butler shot out knife sharp answers like so:

“At the garden party, your ladies broke the party.”

“Breaking the party?”

“They danced jumba together.”

“Reason.”

“.... Master Damian ..”

I did not need to hear more. He grasped the rough situation.

“What did you do to you?”

There was violence in his soft voice.

“Nothing .. do anything ...”

They simply rejected the party with silence and a cool look, and did not do anything directly to Lucia. I did not have an unpleasant mind at all, but it was not enough. I was sorry to Damian, and I thought I was already crying because I was so upset. But from the moment he asked why, he was nose.

It was the same as if there were more tears in the room. When he came back, he tried to explain to him what was happening today. By the way, he touched Lucia ‘s tears.

The hugo look of seeing the tears come to a standstill has set in. Hugo pulled her seat back and hugged her in his arms.

As if she had a child, she supported one arm under her thigh and put one hand in her chest as if she were wrapped around her back.

“Go to the second floor and eat on room.”

“Yes.”

Damian looked at him worriedly as he saw Lucy embrace the restaurant. I was worried about Lucia, who did not come out of the bedroom almost all day, and Damian heart was also uncomfortable all day long. I hope I can see my mother who smiles well as usual.

Translator’s Corner

*Hopefully no one’s still reading thus far. Again chapter link is I will update this with the real chapter in an hr or 2. The aggregators were getting frustrating but I really couldn’t do anything to them but this one was fun XD. Ty Kaho!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 44
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (15)

TN: Yes! it’s another chapter~ I’m in a good mood!

Hugo carried her in a hug as he entered the bedroom and sat on the couch. Lucia buried her face in his wide chest and burst into tears.

Hugo stroked her head as he rhythmically patted her back. Her sobbing did not stop, rather it grew even louder. The crying was not only because of the garden party. Lucie herself did not even know why she was crying so much.

She was just sad, and in the face of his gentle comfort, her tears refused to stop flowing. She hadn’t been able to cry since she entered the palace at the age of 12 and crying so much now was as though she was washing all that away.

Hugo gently stroked her back without saying a word however he was seething inside. Even though she seemed weak, he knew just how strong of a person she was. What in the world could have happen for her to cry like this?

Those wives that have nothing to do with their time must have lost their minds. To his woman that was too precious to even touch, they dare? He will make them regret it. His deep rage was continuously increasing.

After a long period of time, Lucia leaned forward in his arms and her crying was starting to come to an end. Hugo simply hugged her, not saying any comforting words or telling her not to cry, however, she felt a lot of comfort from his attitude.

Lucia lifted her head, fixing her gaze on him and he looked down, meeting her eyes.

“No more crying?”

Lucia felt more or less embarrassed as she nodded her head. After crying like that with no restraint, she felt somewhat lighthearted.

“I have to...wash up...”

She felt ashamed to show him her face smeared full of tears. He grabbed her as she tried to get up and held out a wet towel. Lucia did not know because she was crying but in the meantime, a maid had come in and tactfully placed it by the side. She took the towel and meticulously wiped her face then she looked down and found the front of his shirt wet from all her crying.

“It’s wet...because of me.”

Lucia hesitated for a moment then she reached out and unfastened a button on his shirt. As she unfastened it one by one, his well-defined chest muscles were gradually revealed and her hands began to tremble more and more. When she got to the middle, her heart was pounding too hard and she took her hand off.

“Bring a change of clothes...”

Hugo grabbed her wrists mid-speech. She looked at him in surprise and found his eyes shining dangerously.

“Finish taking it off.” (Hugo)

She glared at him with trembling eyes then she swallowed hard, and reached out to unfasten the rest of his buttons with shaky hands. When the last button was undone, she subconsciously swept her hands across his naked chest. She was impressed by the firmness of his skin and her heart throbbed at the sight of his refined and beautiful muscles.

Suddenly, shame washed over her and she quickly took her hands off and began to turn around as if to get up but his hands moving to catch hers were much faster. His lips quickly met hers and his tongue swept over her lips then he smacked his lips as though mulling over the taste.

“Salty.”

Lucia’s face instantly turned red. There was an obvious spark in his red eyes that were fixed on her. His always passionate and wanting gaze was glued onto her and her body reacted sensitively to this gaze.

It was a cute and innocent reaction to the extent of a loud pounding heart. Her body felt hot, her breathing quickened and the deep part between her legs felt electrified.

As she gazed into his red eyes, she recalled once thinking that the red color was very cold. However, she couldn’t remember when that was. At some point, his gazes on her had become like this all the time.

‘Does he...always look at women he’s in the bedroom with this way?’

She recalled the scene of Sophia Lawrence desperately clinging to him. ‘It’s not like the Duke of Taran is the only man left in the world’, she had mumbled to herself and clicked her tongue. That’s why they say, ‘the world is full of things one doesn’t know and one shouldn’t put their mouth in other people’s businesses’.

She didn’t think a day would come where she could understand Sofia Lawrence’s feelings like this. She wondered if there was any woman who could receive such a gaze and bear it when it suddenly turns cold. As time went on, her love of him gradually grew bigger and bigger.

Her determination to love him and not hope for a requital was strangely shaken the more tenderly he treated her. She was afraid that one day she would become the type of clingy woman that he despised.

‘It’s fine like this.’

For now, she was happy enough. He was a very tender and passionate husband. To ask for more would be greedy. In this way, she comforted herself.

Lucia placed both hands on his shoulders and pushed down, using it to propel her body upwards. As his eyes were fixated on her, his head naturally went up to meet her eyes. The feeling of looking down on him from above gave her a strange and odd sense of superiority.

She pressed down more on his shoulders and lowered her head to kiss him. She gently bit his lower lips like he always did to her and licked his lips with her tongue. Soon enough, the carefully started kisses gradually became provocative. Because he stayed still, she acted more lively in rubbing over his lips.

When their lips separated, the embarrassment from what she just did seemed to flood over her and the heat from her face spread throughout her body.

“You haven’t eaten because of me. You must be hungry...”

Before her sentence could finish, he grabbed her neck and greedily devoured her lips. Her lips were swallowed at once and his tongue dove into her mouth. As his tongue rummaged the inside her mouth without reserve, her hands grabbing onto the collars of his shirt trembled.

The kiss was long enough to leave her breathless. When he moved away, she began to gasp for air.

“You’re talking about food now?”

After stirring me up like this? He growled, feeling the heat in his body rising.

“...I’m hungry too.” (Lucia)

Hugo sighed heavily. Although it didn’t really matter to him if he didn’t eat once or twice...

“...Can’t have you go hungry.” (Hugo)

Hugo carried her like that and went out into the drawing room connected to the bedroom. There were meals for two people already set out on the table. The meal was over shortly.

Lucia, the hungry one, couldn’t eat any more and lay down the fork and around the same time, Hugo also finished his meal.

Translator’s Corner:

*We have achieved a community goal on patreon for the first time ever ? ?!!! Fireworks! Cannons! Knives! (Wait what?)

*I hope no one else has issue finding last chapter. The Novel Updates link is corrected.

*If no mishaps happen, releases will increase to 4/week for the whole of September, starting September 1st.

< — Damian — > (15)

Lucia called the maid and asked for a change of clothes to be brought for him. For a while, she sat on the sofa, completely absorbed in watching him as he changed out of his shirt. Looking at his revealed upper body, she fell into delusions.

Just like how he caresses and licks all over her body, she wanted to lay him down and taste him. When such a thought arose in her mind, she was startled and jumped in surprise.

‘You really are crazy.’

It was fortunate that no one could look into her head. While she was adjusting her breath to calm her pounding heart down, Hugo came up and sat beside her on the sofa.

“Still not feeling well?”

“No, I’m fine.”

Lucia leaned her head on his shoulder. His arms went across, lightly grabbing her shoulders and wrapping his arms around her.

“Thanks to you, it’s okay now. After crying so much, I feel quite refreshed. Have you ever had such an experience?”

“I don’t know. I’ve never cried before.”

When his brother died, he felt like his heart was being ripped out so he ran away from his horse to be alone and screamed, however no tears fell from his eyes.

Lucia was not surprised to hear that he had never cried. Since it was him, it was quite reasonable.

“Now, tell me. What happened?” (Hugo)

“...Just as you heard earlier. The garden party was a mess due to the party-break. The guests were displeased at my introduction of Damian, but I did not want to concede, so I simply dismissed the party. It’s something that often happens in high society.”

“If it’s a common thing, why did you cry your eyes out?”

“That...wasn’t just because of the party. I was a little upset because I felt that Damian was hurt by my wrong judgement of the situation.”

Does one cry till they’re exhausted because they feel a little upset? Hugo could not understand her psychology behind bursting into tears so even though he wasn’t convinced, he let it pass.

“The boy is not that weak.”

“Yes. He is your son, after all. But he’s still only eight years old. He’s young.”

“Who was the initiator?”

Ferocity lay hidden beneath his soft and calm tone. From deep within his red eyes, brutality overflowed as if he would pounce and rip someone’s throat out in an instant. The normally hidden nature of Hugh was awakened. He felt the desire to find the person who gave her pain and make them taste blood.

The savage beast in his eyes hid itself the moment Lucia lifted her head.

“Don’t do anything.” (Lucia)

“...Don’t do what?”

“High society is a woman’s matter. You shouldn’t interfere.”

If he interfered, it would be utter chaos. The very foundation of the northern high society would be shaken. If such a situation occurred, not only Madam Michelle, even Kate could turn their backs on her.

“...”

When he became sullen and did not reply, Lucia appealed to him.

“Please promise me. Promise me that you won’t interfere with this.”

“I’ll take care of it.”

“Hugh! No, don’t do this for me. I won’t blame you nor will fingers be pointed at me.”

“Who dares?”

“Hugh!”

He couldn’t resist the sight of her quivering eyes as she implored him.

“...Okay.”

“You promise?”

“I said okay.”

Inwardly, he was grumbling. He didn’t want to idle around and do nothing. She didn’t have the heart to completely step on them till they couldn’t make a sound.

Hugo didn’t know about other things but he was very confident in crushing people under his feet. However, he couldn’t even show that off to her and prove his skill.

“What are you going to do?” (Hugo)

“I’m still thinking. I don’t plan on having a hasty retaliation.” (Lucia)

“You don’t plan on letting it cool down and blow over, right?”

“I’m not a fool to overcome this by remaining silent. I’ll deal with it nicely, don’t worry.”

“What’s so complicated? Bring a few instigated...”

Lucia’s head abruptly shot upright, revealing narrowed eyes and Hugo closed his mouth.

“I’m saying this again, but don’t ever do something like that. This is different from men’s. The world of women is not that simple.”

Whether man or a woman, they both die when they lose their neck so Hugo couldn’t understand why it was so complicated. However, he obediently replied that he understood. It was somehow terrifying to see his docile wife looking so aggressive.

“So you really don’t need my help.” (Hugo)

She looked really energetic. Even if he didn’t want it to the extent of clinging and whimpering about it, he would like it if she complained to him.

“I will tell you if I need it.” (Lucia)

Hugo couldn’t help but wonder if such a day would come. He felt bitter as he’d seemingly once again confirmed that she would be completely fine, living without him.

“Why didn’t you ever ask about Damian before he came?”

Argumentatively, the cause of the garden party situation was Damian. Hugo had known that she thought the child to be cute but it seemed that her feelings towards the child were much deeper than he thought. That’s why it was surprising.

Until recently, he thought she held no interest in Damian because she’d never asked him anything about the child.

“You never mentioned the child to me first so I didn’t think I should talk about the child.” (Lucia)

“Why?”

“The day I went to find you in the Capital, you warned me when I mentioned Damian.”

“...Did I?”

“And I knew that even if I asked out of pure curiosity, it would be hard to see my intentions as pure. It is likely that if I had asked about details on Damian, you would have wondered what my intentions were.”

“...”

Hugo was thrown off guard and couldn’t say anything. She was right. If she had shown interest in Damian shortly after they married, he wouldn’t have taken it as a natural interest. Even though her personality wasn’t one to keep everything locked inside, her considerations were deeper that he’d thought.

“I called Damian back because of the status elevation process.”

“That hasn’t been processed yet? Is there perhaps, something else I need to do?”

“There is no such problem but since he’s becoming your legal son, I thought you should at least know the boy’s face. And no matter how long ago I was provided the documents, I won’t process it without talking to you.”

Lucia’s eyes grew round as she stared at him. He looked somewhat disgruntled.

“I know what you’re going to say. You’re going to say you thought I would handle it without asking you, right?”

Lucia gave a slightly bashful smile. Hugo sighed.

“That’s right. I am a rogue. I know you think so.”

Lucia felt somewhat sorry as she looked at his slightly crestfallen appearance.

“...I don’t think of you like that. Really.”

“...Then what do you think of me?”

“You are a very competent lord. Before I came here, I didn’t know the north was such a comfortable and steady place to live in.”

“Is that so.”

He replied dryly. Her praise wasn’t very pleasing. A competent lord? Those words weren’t the ones he wanted to hear from her.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 45
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Damian — > (16)

“The family registering process isn’t that complicated so it should be done within a day or two.”

“I see...”

Lucia’s heart fluttered. Damian was really becoming her son. Now that Damian was on the register, he was family now. It wasn’t an adoption but an entry as a biological child so their relationship couldn’t be dissolved.

Even if she divorced her husband, her son in the family register was forever her son. She couldn’t claim custody rights over Damian as she had already handed over those right but whether or not she had those rights would not affect their mother-son relationship.

“He’s my son...”

“That is correct. He’s you son so you can do as you like. Can bully him if you want.”

“...Hah? You are such a bad father.”

Lucia’s eyes widened and she criticized him.

“What?”

“Are you trying to persuade me to be the evil stepmother now?”

Her word choice made him laugh.

“Do you have the ability to be hard on him?” (Hugo)

“What do you mean?”

“I mean it’ll be the boy causing you distress instead.”

“Damian will not cause me distress. You still don’t know Damian, he’s such a nice child.”

Hugo chuckled lightly. Even if the boy looked meek and docile, he was of Taran blood. His brother seemed like the kindest person one could ever meet but had enough malice to murder his biological father.

“Plus he’s your son.”

Lucia thought she had mumbled that to herself but when he fixed an odd gaze on her, she realized she had spoken out loud.

“...to whom do you have faith in?” (Hugo)

“...Damian...who is very much...like you.” (Lucia)

He moved closer placing his head close to Lucia’s face. Then he spoke in a subdued tone as though making a threat.

“If he is like me then you should be more careful. Haven’t you heard the rumors about me?”

“...rumors that you drink blood?”

“...What?”

Lucia was flustered. She didn’t mean to say that but the words suddenly escaped from her mouth.

“Ah, erm... I mean...the rumors of you...”

“Say that I drink blood?”

Hugo studied her face as she nodded her head then he turned towards her, took her into his arms and buried his head in her shoulder. Then he began to laugh.

Thanks to Fabian’s constant reports, Hugo knew all sorts of rumors concerning himself but as for someone telling him directly that he drinks blood? She was the first.

“I know it’s just a rumor.”

Lucia’s face was burning with shame and she gave an excuse.

“It’s not completely a lie. When at war, sometimes one has no choice but to take it in.”

“Ah...I see...”

“Were you curious about that?”

“No...maybe a little...but that was a long time ago. I definitely don’t think about that now.”

He just kept on laughing. Lucia was glad he wasn’t offended but she didn’t think her words were that funny. She just couldn’t understand his laughing code.

“What of other rumors?”

“...I don’t know.”

“You are really such a daring woman. What were you thinking asking a blood-drinking monster to marry you?”

Listening to his teasing, Lucia blushed in silence. Since she was the one that misspoke, she couldn’t say anything.

“Is it really okay if I meddle with things concerning Damian?”

“Do as you like.”

“You told me not to last time.”

“When did I?”

“You said, ‘Although it’s nice and cute, don’t go over the line’.”

“Like I said, when did I?”

Lucia blinked, studying his expression which had ‘what in the world are you talking about?’ written all over it. His expression was telling her that he really had never said that before.

Lucia carefully scoured her memory. When she thought about it, he really did not use the expression ‘go over the line’. But he did say something like that.

She’d had a hunch about something and had been wanting to ask and she finally realized that instead of guessing his thoughts or words, it would be much better to just ask him outright.

“By any chance...do you hate Damian?” (Lucia)

“I do not.”

Lucia gathered her courage and asked this question very carefully and in return he answered very readily.

“Then...why did you send Damian to boarding school?”

“I already told you. I couldn’t take care of him so I sent him there.”

“But still, there hasn’t been a precedence of one being sent to boarding school. Moreover, one that is a duke’s heir.”

“I don’t care what others do.”

“...What you mean is that you determined that to be the best course of action to take.”

Hugo nodded.

Lucia felt as though something had been lifted off her chest. Like she’d been wandering in the dark and her fingers finally grasped onto something.

‘I think...I know about him a little bit more now.’

When one thought about it, when Lucia asked, he did not delve into a generous explanation but most of his answers were concise.

“Why did you send Damian to boarding school and not contact him once?”

“A report on what the boy does arrives on my desk every week so I know he’s doing fine.”

It was fascinating. His incomprehensible actions all had a reason behind them and when she asked, he told her everything.

Lucia’s mind was racing. To what extent would he keep answering? Would it be okay to ask a little more difficult questions?

“Then...”

He lowered his head, biting her neck and she let out a little scream in response.

“Can you stop talking about another man?”

“...What? He’s your son, an eight year old child. He’s not a man!”

“So ruthless. Do you know how much those words have crushed the boy’s pride?”

“...Goodness me. I was too rash.”

Even though Damian was a child, he was a boy. If she were to change positions with the young boy and put herself in his shoes and someone were to tell her, ‘since you’re young, you are definitely not a lady’, her feelings would be hurt.

It was unintentional but she couldn’t help but wonder how much she must’ve hurt Damian’s feelings.

‘Truly this child. He could speak his mind and tell me he didn’t like it.’

When she thought about it, Damian wasn’t the type of child speak up on something like that. Then, could it be that he told Hugo? When did their relationship become so close?

“Did Damian say so?”

“No.”

“How do you know then?”

“If I were in his position, that’s how I’d be.”

Lucia narrowed her eyes at him. But he wasn’t wrong. Since he’s a man, he would understand the male mind better. Lucia began to wonder if she’d made any other mistake with Damian. In the meantime, Hugo’s hand kept wandering around.

His sneaky hands fumbled across her waist, while his lips trailed persistent but light kisses from her ear to her neck.

“You should get back to work.”

At the same time, her words came out spoiling his exploration and his expression crumpled intensely.

“You went out due to an urgent matter, didn’t you? And after you return from outings, you get busier.”

“...”

Translator’s corner

1) For those curious, Chapter 38.2 was where they had this discussion.

< — Damian — > (16)

Hugo’s expression was full of obvious complaints but Lucia simply took his hands off her waist and stood up. She knew what he wanted but she was exhausted all day due to a number of reasons and had no confidence in handling him right now.

“Vivian.”

“My head feels a little heavy so I want to take a walk.”

Hugo tries a few more times but was turned down so he eventually headed to his office with unwilling steps. He hadn’t found work enjoyable before but today, he really did not want to work.

He didn’t comfort her in hopes of being rewarded but still it wasn’t right to repay one for one’s services in this way. He continued grumbling till he reached his office.

***

Later that night, Lucia said to the man who came into her bedroom after she finished bathing.

“Go to your bedroom and sleep.”

“Today again? Why!” (Hugo)

Lucia stared at her complaining husband.

“I have no energy so I won’t be able to handle you today. Hence, I don’t think it’ll be quite enjoyable.”

I have no energy. It won’t be enjoyable. Two times, she mercilessly and consecutively struck him down.

“...Alright. Fine. Today again, I’ll sleep next to you, won’t do anything.”

He muttered gloomily. Those damned noblewives. They definitely won’t be getting off easy. He ground his teeth in anger.

“Really?”

“I kept my promise yesterday, didn’t I?.”

All the more reason not to believe. Her gaze was telling him that she didn’t believe him at all. Hugo abruptly took her into his arms and fell onto the bed with her in tow.

“Hugh!”

He hugged her tighter the more she flounced around.

“I’m sleeping like this. Enough, stay still. You’ll get me excited if you keep moving.” (Hugo)

“Where are you touching!” (Lucia)

After tossing around for a while with no result, Lucia finally went silent. She couldn’t even fidget because he was hugging her very tightly from the back. His hands gallantly slid into her nightwear and squeezed her breasts. Even if she asked him to remove his hand, he would act like he didn’t hear anything so she just gave up.

“Vivian.”

It was especially nice to hear him calling her name right next to her ear. Lucia’s lips curled slightly.

“Yes.”

“Vivian.”

“Yes.”

Again, he said,

“Vivian.”

And this time, Lucia said,

“Yes?”

And turned to look at him, her gaze asking why he was doing that.

“When I first called you by that name, you felt awkward, right?”

“Mm...Yes. I did.”

“When I call you now, you’re unaffected.”

“Well, yes, I’ve been hearing it for a while so I’ve gotten used to it.”

Now, Lucia did not hate the name ‘Vivian’ as before. The name of the Duke of Taran’s wife was Vivian, not Lucia. She had found new happiness in her life as Vivian. The life of Vivian that was full of pain ended within her dream.

When he called her ‘Vivian’, it made her feel like she was his one and only ‘Vivian’ and her heart would throb. He was the only one that could call her Vivian. Whether that was now or in the future.

“...Is that so?” (Hugo)

Why didn’t you tell me your childhood name? Hugo wanted to ask. However, he was afraid to hear the answer to that question. If she said something like ‘I didn’t want to.’ Or ‘Don’t call me by that name.’ his heart would sink.

‘You don’t hate me, do you?’

‘Or it is that we’re married so you simply tolerate being with me in bed?’

‘Is there absolutely no leeway in your decision to never love me?’

All the things he wanted to ask suddenly rose up in his throat, hovering at the tip of his tongue. It was a very strange and unfamiliar experience of holding back the words he wanted to say in his heart. He was afraid to hear the answers that could come out from her mouth.

[I will never fall in love with you]

He felt like if he heard those words one more time, he would lose his mind. He dreaded the thought of not knowing what he would do to her if he lost his mind. If he were to hurt her in any way then he would really go crazy.

“Vivian.”

He held her even tighter and buried his nose in her back. He loved her scent that always intoxicated him and drew himself closer to her skin.

“Yes...”

It was strange. Even though he was holding her, it felt like he had lost her forever. His chest was overwhelmed with pain causing him to knit his brows. It was as if something unknown had dug into his heart and trampled on it.

Had he ever felt this sick before? He couldn’t remember. When he was young and dragged away as a mercenary slave, there were many times he had come close to death but rather than feeling sick, he had felt relief at being alive.

He held onto her as she fell asleep, breathing peacefully but he was unable to fall asleep for a long time.

***

The next day, Hugo gathered his vassals and informed them that Damian was now formally entered as his legal son.

“I have already announced that Damian will be my successor. Even if all of you show that you don’t accept my decision, it would be better to throw that attitude away since you won’t be changing my decision anyways.”

It was the first time for the Duke to officially mention the young Lord ever since he announced that he would make Damian his successor, so his vassals looked very tense.

“The formally registered Young Lord is now my legal son. If you have a complaint, come and find me. I’m always ready to talk.”

The word ‘talking’ from the Duke’s mouth was more frightening than being threatened to be killed. Hugo threw a document in front of his vassals.

Lucia had repeatedly asked him to not interfere but he didn’t want to just sit back and watch so he order Jerome to bring him a list of the garden party attendees.

Jerome had brought up the madam with a very awkward expression but once Hugo clicked his tongue, Jerome promptly brought the list. Hugo had only picked out the names of people among his vassals.

“It will be beneficial to those whose names are on this list to put more effort into supervising their household.”

From Hugo’s standpoint, this much couldn’t even count as light reprimanding. He felt satisfied with himself for fairly complying with his wife’s request to not interfere.

When the Duke left the scene, the ghastly pale vassals ran towards the list. To the vassals, ‘Anyone whose name is on this list can think of themselves as dead’ was what they heard.

They would definitely go home and interrogate their wives to get to the bottom of this. Through word of mouth, it would soon spread among the nobles that the noble wives who attended the garden party at the time were taught a severe lesson by their husbands.

It was only a matter of time before rumors spread that if one touches the Duchess, the fire-breathing dragon behind her, the Taran Duke would come forward.

***

A week had passed since the garden party and Roam was calm as usual. Lucia did not go out riding and was in the castle all week but this wasn’t the first time she had stayed in the castle for a long time.

From the day after the garden party, Lucia acted as though nothing had happened and soon enough, the people around her forgot about the incident.

Damian sat reading a book in his room then turned his head to the feeling of something on his feet. Damian smiled as he watched Asha who had probably bumped into his leg as she was playing with her tail. These days, the baby fox was fastidiously following Damian around and was with him almost all day.

As the week passed, Damian thought about a lot of things. Rather than hurting him, the incident at the garden party had shocked the boy.

He had never felt so weak before. In that moment, his first thought was, ‘If only my father was here.’ In conclusion, compared to his father, his existence was comparable to dust.

Of all times, on that day, his father had gone out. Damian did not know yet that even if the Duke was in Roam at that time, it would have been hard for him to interfere in a women-only social event. However the boy realized that the absence of his father could occur at any time, and it would be up to him to protect his mother.

Damian knew very well that he was young. In the Academy, Damian was the youngest of his peers. Everywhere he looked, it was filled with people older than him.

No matter the will of the boy, nothing could be done about the flow of time but it was possible to increase his strength by having the will to do so.

Using the reason that Damian was young and his identity was unclear, there were many petty-minded and insignificant people who treated him as a joke and tried to provoke him. Such sloppy and foolish people were not even worth his time so Damian ignored them but ignoring made them fussier.

It was Damian’s outstanding performance that made them not want to mess with him anyhow.

Ability is power.

This was the most useful realization Damian had come to at the Academy. Damian took Asha in his arms and stood up. He handed the fox over to a servant and asked for the fox to be taken back to its house then asked for Jerome to be told that he wanted to meet his father.

Translator’s Corner:

*Young Lord/Little lord is a title and my only alternative was prince which is a no go. I am using the literal translation but does anyone have better ideas?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 46
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & False — > (1)

TN: WE ARE ON BOOK 4!!

“You may enter, young master.”

Jerome led Damian till they reached the front of the office. Damian took a deep breath in front of the large door then pushed the heavy door aside and walked in. Before leaving for boarding school, he’d only been inside this room once.

The Duke had called the boy to tell him he was going to boarding school.

[I have done my part and declared you as my successor. The rest is up to you. Graduate. Then this place is yours]

From that day on, it became Damian’s life goal to inherit the title of the Duke, someday. He’d never thought of the reason or what he would do after he became the Duke. The goal was just the boy’s meaning for existence. It was his worth for living.

Now, Damian had found a true goal. Becoming the Duke was simply a means towards that goal.

Power.

He wanted to have power. Only with power could one protect whom they want to protect. Just as his father was able to protect his mother because he had the power, Damian wanted to have it too.

Damian admired his father. His father was a great knight and the strongest man in the world. However, he had no confidence of becoming like his father so he had to find a possible way for himself to become stronger. The greatest power the boy could obtain from his efforts alone were the abilities/knowledge he could gain at the academy.

The air inside the office was a little breezy. The unique shallow fragrance of wood drifted off the furniture and documents were piled up on the spacious desk positioned diagonally to the entrance. In the quiet office, only the intermittent sound of pages being turned could be heard.

Damian walked quietly and stopped a few steps away from the desk. Hugo lifted his head and saw Damian then lowered his head back to his document.

“Is this going to take a while?” (Hugo)

“No. I came to tell you I will be returning back to the academy.”

“I believe it will be difficult to keep up with this semester’s courses at this point.”

“Yes. But if I return now, I will be able to listen to the session for the semester break. I can replace the semester I missed with this session.”

“You can graduate even if you don’t complete one semester.”

“I want to have the best grades.”

“I told you, you only need to graduate.”

“I just want to do that.”

“Why?”

“I want to gain power by increasing my knowledge.”

Hugo lifted his head.

Damian was a little nervous receiving his father’s gaze. Hugo carefully studied Damian. The boy stood upright and his gaze was lowered to the floor but there was no sign of intimidation.

It was much better than his vassals that turn timid once he laid eyes on them. Hugo recalled the first day he saw Damian. The eyes of the child Philip brought were clear and pure. That was why he couldn’t help but believe Philip’s words saying that he was his brother’s son.

A child of the Taran blood would not have such eyes unless it was his brother’s child.

“Power, huh.”

Hugo chuckled and turned his gaze back to the document. He signed it with a pen and moved it to the side.

“Scholars do not rule the world. How do you know that the knowledge you’ll learn and nurture from the Academy will become your strength?”

Damian was taken aback by the unexpected problem presented to him.

“If you graduate, regardless of your grades, this place is yours. If it is as the Duke of Taran then that should be significant power.”

Whether the boy kept his grades and graduated or earned the best grades and graduated, the position of the Duke was the boy’s. Hence, no matter how much effort was put into it, the result was still the same.

Damian wanted to gain new strength, not one given to him by his father but one he gained with his own hands. As for the greatest strength that student Damian could gain from the academy with his efforts alone? There was only one thing that came to mind.

There was an organization called ‘Conference’ consisting only of students in ‘Ixium’, the academy which Damian attended. In Ixium, the power of Conference was remarkable. The Chairman of ‘Conference’ was called ‘Sitha’. Damian was still quite young so he’d had no direct encounter with them and members of Conference were mostly senior students.

Every once in a while as he walked the school grounds, he got to witness students watching the road for these ‘conference’ members as though they were kings. Even when he saw that, at the time Damian did not have much interest.

Because then, the boy’s goal was simply just to graduate. However now, he was interested.

“I will become ‘Sitha’.”

Translator’s Corner

*This one is super short but the next one is twice its length.

< — Truth & False — > (1)

TN: I honestly don’t know what to translate this(시타) as: Shita? Chita? Cyta? Sitha? Ugh! I can’t tell, we’ll stick with Sitha. It’s a title for sure but...

Hugo looked up to face Damian, an intrigued look in his eye.

“‘Sitha’ is the Academy’s...” (Damian)

“I know what it is.” (Hugo)

Hugo never attended the Academy but he held interest in it. It wasn’t just because he sent Damian there but because of its inclination. It wasn’t just the nobles of Xenon, nobles of other nations were increasingly sending their children to Ixium. Because of personal connections.

In about ten years, the completion of a course in Ixium would become an indispensable process for nobles. As a place where people lived it was somewhat similar to others. The Academy had its own powers and rankings. Even so, in a restricted environment like the Academy, one might wonder what the big deal is with a time-constrained power but in fact, the more enclosed an environment is, the more absolute the power.

As far as Hugo was concerned, it was better than being the king of an insignificant minor nation. The power of the Academy’s Sitha was greatly strengthened by the war and as time passed, it became even stronger. By the time Damian graduates, it would become a force that could not be ignored.

The experience and status from becoming the Academy’s Sitha would be able to overthrow the limitations of his birth status as an illegitimate child. The child may not have thought of such a distant future but Hugo was very intrigued by the conclusion the boy had reached.

When Hugo received reports on Damian’s life on the Academy, it detailed that the boy was studying very hard but apart from that, he showed no interest in anything else. So why did he suddenly want power? How much could he accomplish? Hugo wanted to see.

“It’s not a position one can get by just studying.”

“I understand.”

“Keep this in mind. Inadequate power is worse than non-existing power. If one wants to be the best, one has be high enough that others wouldn’t even dare to look.”

“Yes.”

“Did you know of your mother entering you into the register?”

“Yes. Mo...ther told me.”

“Go tell her you’ll be returning to the Academy”

“Yes.”

“Anything else is fine with me but don’t go killing people at the Academy. That one’s a little troublesome to sort out. If you do end up doing so, contact me first before informing the Academy.”

His father was a scary person indeed. Damian once again realized this fact.

“...Yes.”

Damian bowed his head and left the office. A while after the boy left, Hugo chuckled lightly and muttered to himself.

“Your son is a dozen times smart than you.”

Whenever he recalled his brother, he always felt pain but strangely this time, he only felt good inside.

***

It was afternoon tea time when Damian went to find Lucia. Lucia was on the way downstairs to have her tea when she encountered Damian. She greeted him with a smile and walked with him to the receiving room.

The two of them sat in the receiving room, drinking the tea that Jerome had skillfully prepared.

“Do you need me for something? What’s the matter?” (Lucia)

Around this time, Damian was usually studying in his room.

“I have something to tell you. I’ll be going back to the Academy.”

Lucia’s hand lifting the teacup to her lips froze and she didn’t say anything for a moment then she lowered the cup back to the table.

“Could it be you still have the garden party on your mind?”

“No, I have to go back now to keep up with my course.”

It wasn’t strange for children at Damian’s age to throw a tantrum that they didn’t want to go to school. Lucia felt somewhat sorry for the overly mature Damian. Her initial thought that it was cute had changed. After conversing with the child numerous times, she’d come to realize that the child’s thinking ability was like that of an adult’s. Damian was a genius.

Because his intellect was extremely high, the usual babyish childhood did not suit him. Lucia knew a child similar to Damian in her dream. It was Bruno, the third son of the husband in her dream, Count Matin. A tutor who had taught Bruno for only a short while called him a genius.

‘At that time, he was only one year older than Damian.’

Lucia met Bruno for the first time when he was 12 years old. Bruno did not resemble the Count Matin whether it was in intellect or appearance, making one doubt if he was really Count Matin’s son. His rebelliousness against his father was also quite huge so he caused both little and big troubles. One of these troubles was chasing out his tutors with clever and mischievous plans.

In the end, Count Matin drove Bruno out to study as a scholar. The Bruno who was cynical and rebellious in everything was very precocious. So Lucia knew a grown up genius child was like. Apart from the name of ‘genius’, Bruno and Damian were completely different. Damian was a much more, cute, loveable and kind child.

“Right. I should be glad you’re going back to study. When are you going to leave?”

“Preparations will be done quickly so I will be setting out tomorrow morning.”

“Tomorrow morning? So soon?”

Lucia did not expect to be suddenly separated from Damian. To her, Damian was her son and friend. Just like Damian was comforted by Lucia, Lucia was also comforted by him. Because of the appearance of the boy that looked just like Hugo, she was able to endure her longing and as her affections for the child grew, she realized her love for Hugo grew even more.

“Then...”

Will you be back next year? Lucia was about to ask that and stopped herself. Next year, the King would die and they would have to go to the capital. After which they would have to call Damian to the capital but if Damian wasn’t even accepted in the North which was the Taran Duke’s fief, one could not say how much he would be accepted in the capital.

Until Damian got older and could debut in the social circles, it would be better for him to stay in boarding school, that way he wasn’t under the gazes of people like now.

‘Maybe things will change as time passes.’

She didn’t think that Hugo appointed Damian to be his successor without putting any thought into it. He must have some thoughts of his own.

“Since you are setting out tomorrow, is there a lot to prepare?” (Lucia)

“I just have to pack my books.”

“Then, do you want to talk a bit more? Tell me about your life at the Academy.”

“Okay.”

Over the course of the afternoon, the mother-and-son pair stayed in the receiving room and talked about several things.

The next day, people were gathered around a carriage that looked set up for an early morning departure. A coachman sat ready to depart on the journey, a servant stood waiting and all the employees were out to send off their young master. Even Hugo was outside too.

After hearing the boy was leaving, Hugo sent his well wishes but Lucia nagged him saying ‘what kind of send-off is that’ and dragged him outside. In front of the open door to the horse carriage, Damian and Lucia stood face to face to say their goodbyes.

“Take good care of your health. And study hard.” (Lucia)

“I will.”

“Take your meals regularly. Don’t get hurt. Ah...I’ve already mentioned health...”

It was quite the sight to see Lucia looking for the words to keep going. Damian’s heart grew warm and a smile naturally formed on his lips.

“Milady.”

A servant came up to them with a basket. Lucia received the basket and held it out to Damian. Asha was in the half-open basket. When its eyes met the boy’s, its ears perked up and it moved.

“It seems Asha already thinks of you as its master. You should take him.”

“You are raising him for the fox hunt, aren’t you?”

“It’s fine. I can just watch the hunt.”

“But...at the academy, pets are...”

“Don’t worry about that. Your father took care of it.”

Right? As though asking, Lucia turned her head to look at Hugo standing a few steps away and Hugo nodded his head. For Hugo, it was simply killing two birds with one stone. There was no better way to take care of the baby beast.

Changing something like the school’s regulation of no pets allowed was nothing much to Hugo. It was not widely known but he had contributed a considerable amount of money to Ixium when he placed Damian in the school and so he was entered onto the executive board.

And because Hugo had bought out many of the board members who could make decisions beforehand, he was able to change the school regulations as much as he liked. People may think of the Taran Duke as a power-seeking knight but in actuality, he was a pretty thorough person.

“I hope Asha will become a friend close to your heart in your life at the academy.”

“Yes. Thank you.”

A servant received the basket and placed into the carriage.

“I’ll be leaving now.”

“Ah...Right. You have to go. Damian, can I hug you as my last farewell?”

“...Yes.”

Lucia reached out and embraced Damian. Damian’s hands floated in the air for a bit then he relaxed and placed his hand on her back.

Damian was a tactful child so he knew quite well that the Ducal couple’s relationship was good. He had already thrown out his previous idea that the Duke only married out of necessity. He also knew that a child would be born someday from a good couple relationship.

If a child was born from the ducal couple’s relationship, Damian’s position would become like that of a sandcastle. A legally registered illegitimate child. There was no way Damian could stand up to a child truly born from the legal wife. But it didn’t matter. The position as the Duke, no matter what, was good.

If his younger brother was born and wanted to take his place, he would gladly give it to him. All Damian wanted to do was to protect. He wanted to protect the caring warmth that surrounded Roam and he would try his hardest to gain the power to protect his mother’s laughter. The two of them separated after the hug.

“Mother.”

Lucia’s eyes widened to circles and she looked at Damian, stunned. The boy suddenly took a huge stride forward and Lucia was slightly startled. Damian grabbed Lucia’s hand, leaned down and politely kissed the back of her hand.

“I don’t know when I’ll see you again so please remain with peace and comfort.”

Damian smiled as he looked at the frozen Lucia who was unable to give a reply. It was the first time she had ever seen a mischievous smile on the boy’s face.

Translator’s Corner:

*4/week effective starting next week. Huge thanks to all my patrons!!

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 47
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & False — > (2)

Hugo’s lips turned crooked watching this scene but after a moment, he chuckled.

‘I’ll let it slide.’

If someone else had done that, he would’ve broken all their limbs. Damian climbed onto the carriage and it began to set off and Lucia stood watching until the figure of the carriage could no longer be seen. Hugo came up to her and patted her shoulder.

“What are you doing?”

“...he called me ‘mother’.”

“If he doesn’t call you mother, what would he call you?”

“B-But, that’s the first time he’s ever called me that...”

‘This child honestly, till he leaves, he only calls me once.’

When he called her mother, her sad feelings over him departing and her touched feelings over being called mother were in conflict.

Lucia abruptly turned her head to face Hugo, revealing reddened eyes that were as if she would start crying at any moment.

“Did you see that?”

“What?”

“He’s your son indeed. Already being a ladies’ man.”

“...”

Lucia looked regretfully in the direction the carriage disappeared, mumbling about how her son must not grow up into a bad man that made women cry and how she wouldn’t raise her son like that.

Hugo stealthily moved away from her and quickly headed to his office.

***

‘Damian is gone.’

When Lucia thought about it, it made her depressed.

‘Mother.’

The memory of him calling her that floated to the forefront of her mind and she held her reddening face.

‘But I can’t hear it anymore now.’

With this thought, she became depressed again. After sending Damian off, Lucia spent all day in her thoughts, going back and forth between to opposite extremes of emotions.

“Milady, the bath water is ready.”

The maid was already repeating it for the third time. For some time now, Lucia had changed into her night chemise to bathe and was sitting on the bed.

“Okay.”

Lucia gave a reply but her head hung low as she continued to be absorbed in her thoughts. The maid was cautious to not keep urging her madam so she kept standing there, unable to do anything.

Suddenly, a strong force caught Lucia’s chin and lifted it up, causing her head to lift. As some point, Hugo had entered and was lifting up her chin to look at her.

His slightly chilled red eyes swept over her face. As soon as Hugo walked into the bedroom and saw her on the bed with her head lowered, he was shocked. The thought that perhaps she was leaning over to cry made him uncomfortable so immediately lifted her head to check.

When he saw that her expression was good, the rock on his chest was lifted.

‘Why’s he here already?’

Lucia glanced around looking for the maid but the maid had already made herself scarce the moment Hugo entered. She then remembered the maid’s urging while she was absentminded.

‘I haven’t washed up yet.’

Lucia freed her chin from his grasp to vocalize this to him but before she could speak, he drew closer and blocked her lips. He moved to swallow her lips and grabbed her shoulders. In that motion, he knocked her down onto the bed. She tried to push away from his chest in surprise but her strength wasn’t enough.

He pounced on her at once. His hand lifted her chemise up to her thighs and he placed his knees between her legs, separating them. He did not let go of her lips, following with a deep kiss. His tongue occupied her mouth, moving skillfully and stimulating the insides of her mouth.

As she was drawn into the kiss, the strength in her hand grabbing onto his shoulders gradually weakened. But when his hand began to take off her underwear, Lucia came to her senses.

“Ung...!”

When she began to rebel fiercely, clasping her legs over her excited lower body, his movements stopped. He detangled himself from her chewy tongue, licked her lips lightly and moved a bit away. His gaze swept over her red face and misty eyes and his eyes quivered with desperate desire.

“What is it?” (Hugo)

“I haven’t bathed yet...”

“I don’t care.”

“I care.”

“So. In this state, you’re saying you want to take a bath?”

“Yes.”

Her expression was filled with will showing that by all means, she must have a bath, right now. Hugo sighed.

“Are you doing this on purpose?”

“...What?”

“...Nevermind.”

Really driving someone crazy in all sorts of ways. He lifted his body up from the bed and at the same time, picked her up and lifted her onto his shoulders as though carrying luggage.

“Kyaa! Hugh?!”

He wrapped one arm around her wriggling on his chest while his other hand was placed on her back, holding her onto his shoulders as he went forward with big strides.

No matter how much she struggled, his footsteps did not waver.

“Stay still. You said you wanted to bathe.” (Hugo)

Just like that, he went straight to the bathroom. The bathroom was foggy due to the steam coming off the bathtub filled with boiling water. When he opened the door to the bathroom, the maid inside was surprised but he didn’t pay it any attention.

Seeing the back of the maid, Lucia mumbled, ‘I don’t know’ and covered her face with both hands.

Hugo let her down onto the bathroom floor. She fixed him a heavy glare with a red face while he stripped off her chemise with an indifferent expression.

“Kyyaa-k”

In the blink of an eye she was left with only underwear and quickly covered her chest with her arms. He took one step back and folded him arms, slowly looking her up and down.

Seeing her in full view standing up instead of on the bed was a magnificent view in its own way. Receiving his satisfied and appreciating gaze, she blushed all the way to her neck and took a step back.

He raised a brow and came closer so that they weren’t too far apart. Then she moved backwards again. After repeatedly taking steps backwards, her back reached the wall. He stood in front of her, obstructing her so she wouldn’t escape anymore. He pressed his arms against her sides so she couldn’t escape sideways.

Lucia felt like her heart was going to burst. It wasn’t like it was her first time in his arms but the situation and her appearance were so embarrassing and she couldn’t look him straight in the eye.

The edges of his lips curled upwards as he watched her looking down, not knowing what to do. She really made him go crazy. He slowly lowered his head, tilting it slightly to the side and kissing her lips lightly. Then again, he brought his lips to hers, giving her another light kiss. Then, he kissed her a little longer. Then, he sucked her lower lips and swept his tongue over her lips.

Her lips separated slightly, hoping for a deeper touch and he gladly responded to her invitation, weaving his tongue into her mouth.

“Ung...”

Her hands that were covering her breasts had at some point moved to lean against his shoulders. The sound of their tongue’s entwining and their saliva mixing sounded through the bathroom and gradually grew louder.

Hugo took off the bathrobe he was wearing and threw it onto the floor. His hand slid down her abdomen, lightly pressing down on it as his hand went into her underwear. When his firm fingers pressed inside, the shoulders of Lucia who was absorbed in the kiss shook.

His fingers gently rubbed her wet center and his finger went into her tender entrance. Her arms, wrapped around his neck, tightened in response. In the meantime, he persistently coveted her lips. He lightly nibbled on her small lips then sucked strongly. In a hurry that wasn’t a hurry, he meticulously licked over her teeth with his tongue.

At the same time, his fingers went in and out of her moist entrance. He felt the sensation of slippery fluid covering his fingers and he gradually felt himself reaching the limit of his endurance. From his fingers, he could feel her hot and narrow insides.

He pulled down her underwear and grabbed her thigh, lifting it up a little. As her leg was suddenly in the air, she clung to his neck tighter and her leg swayed. He hugged a little bit upwards and took off the underwear completely. He placed her down against the wall, pressing his body tightly to hers. His lips fell to her ears and his breathing echoed beside her, causing a shiver to run through her skin.

“Hugh...haven’t yet...”

“Prepared bath water is right in front of you. Wash and do or do and wash.”

“How is that the same-”

“Just this once. Your husband is about to wither and die here.” (1)

At his exaggeration of pain, a giggle escaped from her and she stopped pushing him aside and leaned onto his shoulders as though giving permission.

‘Nothing like a good scare.’

He mumbled while sighing then lifted one of her legs with his hand.

Translator’s Corner:

1) This could be translated as ‘your husband is really thirsty’. Just means he wants it baaaaaaaaaaaaad.

*Underwear was originally panties but I felt like the word panties kills the mood.

< — Truth & False — > (2)

Hugo mumbled while sighing and lifted up one of her legs with his hand. For a while now, his center had already grown extremely stiff. He lifted up her lower body and plunged inside her with one heavy thrust. Lucia let out a scream at the sudden force coming from below.

“Ah!”

He clenched his teeth and shuddered at the pleasure filling him as he entered her. Her insides always felt like a new experience. He could endure it a little when he’d already moved his waist a few times, but whenever he entered her for the first time, he always had to restrain his desire to rampage inside her.

He moved his waist back and thrust inside her again. His movements were impatient. Every time, he thrust into her vagina, it was intense and her entire body shook.

“Ah! Hk!”

She hung her arms around his neck, clinging to him. She was barely holding herself on the floor with one leg, and every time he pushed, her feet barely touched the floor. The little anxiety when she couldn’t touch the floor contributed to her pleasure. His huge member repeatedly and incessantly plunged deep inside her.

Her ravaged inner flesh felt feverish and every time he touched a sensitive part, she felt like she heard something snap in her head. His desperate movements told her that he eagerly wanted her. In this moment, he want her and she also wanted him.

She put more strength into her hands clinging to his neck and lifted her body up. Her hands fumbled upwards from his neck and grabbed onto his hair. She put her lips on his ear and nibbled on his earlobe.

‘I want to taste him.’

She stuck out her tongue and licked the rim of his ear, trailing down to his neck.

“Ng...Vivian.”

His body flinched and he called her name reprovingly. But she did not respond and licked his neck with more effort. Her lips found where his muscles moved on his neck and she bit it.

“...You started it.”

After saying this, he grabbed her thigh, brought his waist closer and gripped her buttocks. She let out a short scream due to the sudden grasp and held him tighter. He lifted his head and began to thrust in and out, quickly and intensely.

“Hk! Ang! Aah!”

Lucia let out a coquettish cry and her body shook intensely, her eyes unable to focus. Her buttocks were squeezed tightly enough to be distorted and ached and his rough caresses as he kissed and bit her shoulder were scorching. At the same time her head was filled with pleasure and her tears began to fall.

The sound of moaning, screaming and heavy breathing blended together, echoing throughout the bathroom. The nakedness of both man and woman were entwined, moving together in a rhythm. The bathroom was full of steam and heat and their bodies were soaked with sweat.

Hugo set her up against the wall, and tirelessly opened her up. He wildly tore through her vaginal walls as his desire rampaged inside of her without mercy.

“Ah! Hugh!”

Lucia clung onto him with flushed eyes, nuzzling against his shoulder. She wanted to hold him firmly but the sticky sweat on their skin hindered her. She hung onto him with both arms so as not to slip and her body spasmed with pleasure every time he thrust into her.

“Hk!”

Her head tilted backwards as she reached an intense orgasm. Her consciousness momentarily disappeared, plunging her into darkness as she was consumed by the peak of pleasure. Fervent vigor coursed through her whole body, instantly filling her with searing heat. It felt like the insides of her body had been set on fire.

Her inner walls began to spasm like crazy. His body grew rigid and he let out a suppressed groan. His manhood reached its limit and released semen deep into her womb. Her vaginal walls squeezed and clenched violently, accepting the scorching fluid.

His legs seemed to shake so he leaned a little further on the wall for support. The pleasure filling his head was so intense he closed his eyes and breathed roughly. Her body quivered a little and she panted in his arms.

“Haa...Haa.” (Lucia)

“Huu...damn. I’ll really die like this. You really...” (Hugo)

If they don’t do it, he’ll die, if they do it, he’ll die. (1)

He’d tired out the fragile body of the woman in his bosom. He propped her up as she seemed to have lost all her energy. Hugo hugged her to his chest and the sound of each other’s heart pounding reverberated through their chests.

The sounds of their beating hearts blended together and he couldn’t distinguish between his heartbeat or hers and his emotions were heightened. He hugged her till the heat in their bodies cooled down a little then he stood up with her in his arms and entered into the bathtub.

The boiling water in the bathtub had cooled down to moderately warm during the time they were busy. Lucia sat in the water that was filled to the brim and leaned back on his chest before brush her skin lightly with water.

Apart from the sound of the moving water, the bathroom was quiet and Lucia deeply enjoyed the peacefulness and the feeling of being alone with him, as if they were alone in the world.

“Why did you do that earlier? You looked like you were angry as you checked my face.” (Lucia)

“I thought you were crying because the boy left.” (Hugo)

“What crying. He’s going back because he needs to study.”

When Hugo was able to get rid of the baby fox as a free addition with Damian, he had initially felt completely refreshed but later when he thought about it, she had suddenly lost Damian and the baby fox so she would probably feel dejected. He wondered if he would have to acquire a new cub for her to be affectionate with. He didn’t want to though, so he was worried for a while.

Finally he concluded that if she asked, he would comply but he definitely wouldn’t ask her first.

“I will send him letters and gifts. Even if he cannot hear me directly, I would like for him to hear a mother voice from the letters.” (Lucia)

‘Don’t pay him so much attention.’ Hugo grumbled inwardly and reached out to squeeze her breasts with his hands. Her body shrunk a little he began to trail light kisses from her neck to her shoulders.

His hands fumbled around her chest and he repeatedly knead her breasts. She let out a small sigh and leaned her head on his shoulders. He lowered his head and softly kissed her lips.

He licked her lips with the tip of his tongue and gave her several short kisses. His fingers kneading her breasts moved to her nipples, twisting it with light force and she let out a small moan.

As she sank into his moderately soft and stimulating caresses, she felt the presence of something poking at her butt and her face flushed red. She stealthily moved her butt forward but he clung to her, drawing closer.

Since she kept inching forward little by little to avoid it but he kept inching forward too, she put her hands behind her and grabbed the annoying thing poking at her behind.

Instantly, his body stiffened and she realized what she had done so her body stiffened too. She couldn’t pull the thing caught in her hands nor could she abruptly let it go. She wished he would show some kind of reaction but he stopped and wasn’t saying anything so she was very embarrassed and so flustered that she couldn’t figure out what to do.

She turned to him slightly and found his red eyes fixed on her.

“Y..You kept moving so...”

It would be better if he laughed mischievously. In his eyes, she could see a huge wave of fierce passion coursing through it. Vividly feeling his manhood in her hand grow bigger, she mumbled, ‘Oh no’ and made a long face. She couldn’t bear the feeling of it stirring in her hand as though coming to life so she let go.

The moment she did, he grabbed her arms, turning her to face him and captured her lips. Without any time to breath, he poured kisses and his large hand caressed her whole body. He pressed her shoulders and lifted her waist, placing her on him.

The water made a loud noise as it lurched in response to the movement. Facing her, he grabbed her thighs to lift it up but his hand slipped because of the water’s buoyancy. He wrapped his arm around her waist and lifted her body then he turned her around and place her hands on the bathtub’s handle.

He nibbled on her ear and whispered to her in a subdued tone.

“Hold tight.”

Lucia pushed against the handle with shaky hands. She was swept up in his frantic pace and felt out of breath. From behind her, he grabbed her waist firmly. She bit her lips, readying herself for the incoming shock and feeling the heat coming from behind her, her breath caught in her throat and a shudder ran through her skin.

“Hk-!”

He penetrated her in one stroke from behind and her body shook greatly. Her hands that were supporting her felt like they would break so she put more strength into them. He pulled out and he heavily thrust inside again and her eyes grew misty.

“Ung!”

His firm desire continuously plunged deep inside of her. It filled up her insides completely and her inner flesh wrapped around him tightly. The tip of his penis intensely scraped against her sensitive part. Goosebumps rose on her skin and a refreshing tingling sensation coursed through her body. The pain and pleasure tormented her at the same time.

“A-! Ung! Hugh! Ah!”

Her legs and arms trembled unable to keep up with his unceasing movements. He reached out and placed his hand over hers, weaving them together while his other hand supported her waist.

If it weren’t for his support, she would have lost strength in her arms and their position would’ve collapsed and her body continued to trembled immensely from his repeated waist movements, back and forth.

***

Lying down on Hugo’s upper chest, Lucia placed her fingers on his chest wanting to trace a circle but hesitant. She had something she definitely wanted to ask him but she kept flipping back and forth between ‘should I? or ‘should I not’.

She was curious as to whether Damian had met his biological mother since he came to Duke and if he hadn’t, then whether it was because his biological mother did not want to see Damian or because Hugo didn’t want him to see his birth mother. No matter how hard she tried, she wouldn’t be able to overcome a child’s yearning for his birth mother who carried and bore him. ­

Unless they rejected each other, it would be good for the child if he could meet his birth mother from time to time.

“Hugh, umm...”

Lucia paused, hesitant to continue and Hugo spoke with his eyes closed.

“What is it?”

“Damian...”

He furrowed his brows slightly.

“Don’t talk about another man.”

“Another man? You said this last time too. He’s your son.”

“But he’s not a daughter.”

“...But still, we can’t just not talk about Damian at all.”

“Don’t do it in bed.”

‘Then when?’ Lucia thought to herself, pouting her lips.

The time she could talk with him was limited so if it wasn’t at night then when could they talk? He said he didn’t hate Damian but she didn’t know why he didn’t show the loving affection of a father. There was an extent when it wasn’t simply inexpression of affection, his was closer to indifference.

The more she thought about it, the more she found Damian commendable. The child grew up so sweet and honest.

“Then, just one thing. There’s something I’m curious about.” (Lucia)

“Mm.”

“Damian’s birth mother...has she never asked to see Damian?”

“...”

Was that a question I shouldn’t have asked? Lucia was a bit nervous.

“She’s dead.”

“Ah...”

Lucia was a little shocked.

“So you brought back Damian?”

“Something like that.”

“Must have been a beautiful person. Damian’s mother, I mean.”

“Don’t know. Never seen her.”

“...What?”

Lucia lifted her head to look at him. At that moment, a troubled expression flashed across his face.

Translator Corner:

1) He’s referring to sex and just exaggerating. For those who couldn’t tell.

2) Question: Shall I rename this arc to Truths & Lies? Now that we’re getting into it, this seems to be more fitting? Lies and False are same words in Korean.

*Should I start giving smut warnings?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 48 - < — Truth & Falsehood — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & Falsehood — > (3)

TN: Ended up settling for falsehood because it makes you think ‘lie’ than simple ‘false’ and also cuz I realized the title is in singular form so truths & lies wouldn’t work.

If Hugo said he didn’t remember, Lucia would have simply accepted it. But saying that he had never seen the woman was strange. A chilling sensation ran up her spine.

How does one make a child with a woman one has never seen?

As her silence grew longer, he grew anxious. His slip of the tongue could not be reversed. He’d already shown her a troubled expression and the pause was too long to fix it. If he were to make up an excuse now, she would pretend to believe but remain suspicious.

“Vivian.”

After calling her name, he didn’t say anything for a long while. He didn’t know how to start the discussion and couldn’t get a sense for how much he could tell her and how much she would be able to accept. The thoughts in his head were getting jumbled up.

“Is it difficult to explain?” (Lucia)

“...”

“...Let’s go to sleep.”

In Lucia’s mind, no matter what relationship he had with Damian’s birth mother, she had no right to interfere. She knew he had a son before she married him and also knew that his relationship with Damian’s birth mother was an past thing before their marriage, also Damian’s birth mother was already dead so there was no need for her to question the subject any closer.

Hugo felt like a dreary wind swept over his chest and gazed vacantly into the dark. His heart ached at her clear attitude of drawing a line. When he realized his slip of tongue, he knew should explain something to her but in that moment, his feeling of bewilderment was rather huge.

‘Act like you didn’t hear anything’ Lucia made her mind up like that and tried to fall asleep but she just couldn’t. No matter how hard she thought about his words, she couldn’t guess anything. There was no way that Damian who looked so much like him could not be his son.

Was it his way of saying that he didn’t remember anything because it was just one night of passion? After all, it wasn’t like a child could only be born from an intimate relationship so it was possible. But still, it was the woman that gave birth to his child so not even knowing her face was too much.

Her thoughts simmering deep inside her mind spilled out.

“I guess...you’ll forget my face later too.”

She projected herself onto Damian’s biological mother. His words seemed to say that even if the woman in his past gave birth to his child, she wasn’t worth remembering. If so, the worth of Lucia who couldn’t bear a child would be worse.

Hugo who had been unable to gather his senses because his mind was unsettled felt his heart jump out of his chest at this sudden bombshell. He had to think it over several times to understand what she was talking about.

“...How did you come to that conclusion?” (Hugo)

“You can’t even remember the woman that gave birth to your child.”

“It’s not like that.”

Lucia always told herself over and over, ‘You must not be impatient’. The road to loving him would be very long and sometimes, difficult. If she didn’t want to tire out, she had to look ahead and take one step at a time.

Any else was fine but when she chanced upon his heartless and cold side, the thought that his heart was still freezing cold would come to mind and her strong will would falter little by little. It was also like this when he behaved indifferently to Damian.

She knew now that he simply didn’t express his feelings but before she knew this, she had thought maybe he didn’t know about feelings of affection for someone.

And so she felt confusion at his attitude towards her. She knew he didn’t hate her. Perhaps he might even like her quite a bit. But he behaved excessively affectionate and gentle, like a man that had completely fallen in love. From time to time, Lucia would suspect if he was testing her.

“Then, what do you mean by you’ve never seen her? Can a woman you’ve never seen give birth to your child?” (Lucia)

She felt her indignation rise as she spoke and sat up. Hugo then sat up too.

“Vivian, I think you’re a little heated...”

“I’m sorry. I dare to get heated up when it’s not my place.”

Hugo felt his head ache. He had seen her like this before, not too long ago. She was usually mild and gentle but once she became upset, her words became sarcastic and prickly. It was like taking someone off guard and suddenly biting their hand. The surprise was bigger than the agony so rather than feeling upset, he felt absurd.

“Vivian.”

For the time being, he held her shoulders to calm her down. She spun, shaking of his hands off and turning her back to him. The moment she turned her back to him, sparks flew in his eyes. Lucia suddenly felt a strong grip on her shoulder and scowled at the pressure. The strong force pulled her back and in one swift motion pressed her down on the bed. It happened so quickly and when she came to her senses, he was above her and holding her down.

She flinched at the sight of him looking at her with a piercing gaze.

“Don’t...turn around that way.”

“...Huh?”

“Don’t turn your back to me.”

His voice was level and he spoke in a rather low tone but Lucia could somehow grasp his emotional state.

‘He...he’s angry.’

When she thought about it, she had never seen him get angry. When he got angry, he seemed to become calm and get rather chilly. Why did he get angry?

‘Because I shook him off and turned away? Could he have been betrayed by someone in the past?’

“I won’t do it again.”

Lucia replied calmly so as not to stimulate his anger even more.

“Let me go. You surprised me.” (Lucia)

“...Sorry.”

His rising anger was quickly subsided in a moment. The strength in his arms grabbing her shoulders also lessened and as he withdrew, Lucia sat up slowly. The atmosphere had suddenly come to a lull. In this odd atmosphere, the two of them sat facing each other, not saying anything.

Lucia composed her mind and thought about herself acting up on him out of nowhere.

‘I should apologize for being impolite...and go to sleep already. I don’t need to put him on edge with pointless psychological warfare.’

“The boy...he’s not my biological son.”

“...What?”

Hearing his colossal and blunt words, Lucia suddenly felt dizzy.

“Do you mean...Damian? That child...is not your son?”

She couldn’t help but try to confirm if the words she heard were correct. Hugo let out a deep sigh and ran a hand through his hair. He didn’t her feelings to be hurt over this issue. He didn’t want her to greatly misunderstand him over Damian’s issue and picture him even worse in her head.

“I heard you asked Jerome about the west tower incident. Did you hear that I had a brother?”

“...Yes.”

“Damian is my brother’s son. In more accurate terms, he’s my nephew.”

In front of the tremendous truth, Lucia’s heart was pounding loudly and her mouth went dry. Suddenly, dozens of questions came to her mind but she couldn’t organize any to formulate a question.

“This fact...Damian...”

“He doesn’t know. Me. And now you too. Other than that, nobody else knows.”

To be more accurate, one more person, Philip, knew but Hugo had no intention of mentioning him.

< — Truth & Falsehood — > (3)

TN: As a chapter with such a pivotal plot point, it’s only right that copy-cats get a fake chapter, yes?

Lucia was surprised. The end. It was not group epidemic but group food poisoning. Both in this weather, infectious disease or food poisoning, it was not uncommon, but the peacock was not in a direct run. Go to rubymaybe translations for the real deal.

The village lord who floated the pavil and gave the peacock a giggle had a complaint.

“Hmm, something feels familiar”

“Hello, Good sir. This mushroom looks like an edible mushroom, but when you eat it looks like a bellyache, pooing, vomiting and a red spot on the whole body. ”

As soon as the doctor who was brought in was familiar with poisoning and poison ivy, he looked at some patients and asked them what they found, and found mushrooms in the rest of the ingredients. In a short time, the problem was resolved in the moment.

The villagers who had never eaten chicken before (what?) and when the problem was resolved within two hours of the peacock’s appearance, it was wonderful. It was also full of awe in the eye of our peacock,

“If I’m a mushroom near here, Americans will not know.”

“Yes. Good sir. This mushroom is not a mushroom that lives in the vicinity. We have to climb to the north with more climate. ”

“ What is going on? ”

“Translator at it again”

“Oh duh.”

“The copies strike again”

Asked by Hugo, the lord was tied up in a pose, and nibbled on the floor, he fell on his face. He was a shop owner who had run a grocery store in the village and supplied the mushrooms.

“Yes, yes. Uh ... I am looking for my daily snack .”

“Enough. Your SNACK is in the link at the end of this post. I’m actually quite farmished not gonna lie.(I kid, it’s in the comments)”

“ Saaaaaame ”

The man who watched the situation when the elderly man was running away with a runny nose, said to the duke.

“Chicken”

“Oh yesss. Some mac and cheese would be heaven right now. “

“Chickennnnnnn”

I answered with a voice everywhere.

“Translator-san, are you bored? “

The lord apologized with a dark look.

“You asked this last time too. No.”

The look of the lord who was ready to live anger brightened brightly.

“You’re talking with yourself dear, you okay?”

“No. What of you?”

There was nothing to see here anymore. Three hours of horseback riding was a bad habit but much better than a plague.

Hugo and Knights left for Roam, leaving a few people to do the rest. The day was getting darker.

“You know the funny thing is aggregators still don’t copy my links.”

It is good to arrive before meals, but if you are a little late, you do not want to have a break in the middle of meals during the meal. Dean, who was named, departed a little earlier and after a while Hugo and the knights started running.

I ran without rest and arrived at Roam, and the horse that had loaded Hugo stopped to go inside. One of the servants who found Hugo coming down from the horse ran in amazement, and Jerome leaped out after a while.

“Hello everyone”

“If you’re one of those people commenting on an aggregator site“

Jerome followed immediately behind Hugo to the office. After a while, the three brothers, who dedicated themselves to the work, went into the office with clothes for change. Hugo changed their dusty clothes.

“STOP”

“It makes me want to translate less“

“Honestly.”

Hugo went straight to the desk. When I sat in my chair, I had several documents in front of me that looked best. Marked in red on the corner, it is urgent. There was no time to breathe, he muttered and picked up a document.

[Anita comes and steals Hugo,

Lucia is left crying alone]

“I’m just kidding guys, don’t kill me.”

Because of the party, the atmosphere of tolerance was dark all day today. He reminded me of the man who told me to tell him directly,

“”

I answered.

“Call me when you’re ready for dinner.”

He sat down halfway around his desk and began to read the papers. Lucia fell asleep with a headache pill and woke up and continued to hang on the sofa.

Even though I woke up to sleep after taking medicine, my headache rarely sunk. Her head was sick and her mood was bad, so Lucia kept crying while lying on the bedroom sofa.

The evening was over and the headache was gone, and the maid informed us of the return of the peacock.

“You know someone actually recommended for me to put the link to the real chapter in the comments.”

Lucia thought he would not come in today. Bring the mirror to the housemaid, and my eyes were swollen. If I knew this, I would have to do my pussy.

“ Why didn’t you? ”

Lucia was fired as a temporary measure. But time was not enough. It will be announced soon that dinner is over.

“I did”

“ Plot twist.”

“I’m completely joking if you couldn’t tell. I’m sorry, hope no feelings are hurt but stealing sites plus commentors on those stealing sites are starting to get to me.”

“Oh dear.”

“Wish they weren’t but they are.”

Only during meal time he does not have to know. After dinner, he will go back into the office.

He gets a little busier when he gets out. It is likely to sink soon if you paddle a little more. I did not want to let him know that I cried for nothing.

I went down to the restaurant and Damien was there first. Hugo came in a little late and was seated.

He lifted a spoon and gazed at her naturally. His hair twisted and his hands stopped.

As soon as he put the spoon on the table to be heard, the atmosphere froze coldly. He got up and approached her, embarrassingly looking at herself.

One hand clutching the table, grabbed her jaw with one hand. Her reddish eyes were clearly in his sight.

His eyes darkened as if his eyes were wide open.

“What is it.”

Lucia was conscious of her surroundings and naturally turned her head and dropped her gaze. I did not know he would respond to this. I thought I might ask you something later if you look at it. I was disappointed that I could not even have a room with Damian as well as my employees.

“First you eat ...”

He grabbed her chin firmly and pushed his head back to look more closely. Her clear amber eyes were red. Did you cry? Why?

“Jerome!”

Jerome the super sexy butler shot out knife sharp answers like so:

“At the garden party, your ladies broke the party.”

“Breaking the party?”

“They danced hula together.”

“Reason.”

“.... Master Damian ..”

I did not need to hear more. He grasped the rough situation.

“What did you do to you?”

There was violence in his soft voice.

“Nothing .. do anything ...”

They simply rejected the party with silence and a cool look, and did not do anything directly to Lucia. I did not have an unpleasant mind at all, but it was not enough. I was sorry to Damian, and I thought I was already crying because I was so upset. But from the moment he asked why, he was nose.

It was the same as if there were more tears in the room. When he came back, he tried to explain to him what was happening today. By the way, he touched Lucia ‘s tears.

The hugo look of seeing the tears come to a standstill has set in. Hugo pulled her seat back and hugged her in his arms.

As if she had a child, she supported one arm under her thigh and put one hand in her chest as if she were wrapped around her back.

“Go to the second floor and eat on room.”

“Yes.”

“For the real chapter, please go to rubymaybetranslations.”

Damian looked at him worriedly as he saw Lucy embrace the restaurant. I was worried about Lucia, who did not come out of the bedroom almost all day, and Damian heart was also uncomfortable all day long. I hope I can see my mother who smiles well as usual.

Translator’s Corner :

Looking for SNACK? No link sorry. Check comments on rubymaybe translations.This will be updated in about 2-5 hours. Apologizes.Yes, I know it’s the same one as last time. Too lazy to type the raws into google translate.This is prolly the last time I’m gonna do this. As fun as it is, it also wears out the readers who are reading on the actual site. And for that, I say thank you.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 [part 1] - < — Truth & Falsehood — > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & Falsehood — > (4)

TN: I don’t think I’ve ever mentioned it but things in brackets like this: [], are conversations from the past. Brackets like this: () just tells you who is speaking. I mix it up sometimes but you can usually tell.

After taking a break for a while, Lucia resumed her activities in high society. Just as before, she opened light tea parties. Nothing changed and just like she’d always done, she invited a wide range of people. Except from a few of the party-break leaders, she put the rest on the invitation list without exceptions.

Lucia showed the authority of the Duchess with her intimidation at the last garden party now, it was time to appease them after her oppression.

She did not wish to reign over the northern high society. But ultimately, she needed to plant herself as an existence that should never be taken lightly.

“Duchess, when do you plan on having a party on a huge scale like last time?”

“My thoughts exactly. I wasn’t invited then so I definitely want to attend next time. When the time comes, can I also get introduced to the young lord?”

“I’m afraid the child is no longer in Roam. He left to go study. But if there’s an opportunity next time, I will introduce you.”

Lucia replied with a smile and secretly took a glance around. She studied the uneasy expression of the ladies who looked like they were being chased and wouldn’t be participating in the discussion anytime soon. They were attendees of previous garden party.

This was already the third tea party but people’s behaviors remained similar. They were split into two sides, those who attended the garden party and those that didn’t.

The ones that attended all looked uncomfortable and helpless. Their countenance didn’t display reluctance to attend or arrogance, on the contrary, they looked sorry and thankful as they greeted Lucia.

Lucia had no intentions of rebuking them. Just as a soldier’s disobedience to command resulted in death, normal women had no power to contest that of leading figures in high society.

And so, Lucia did not mention the events of the garden party so as to not make them uncomfortable but they remained excessively careful of her mood.

In comparison, the ones that did not attend the garden party raised up the topic of Damian as though showing off. They showed no reluctance and constantly and implicitly brought up the child’s title of ‘young lord’.

The sudden reversed attitude of the women was surprising.

‘Is it because he announced publically that Damian is formally entered into the register?’

That was the only guess she could make. As always, the majesty of the Duke was amazing. Lucia did not know that the northern high society went through an enormous stir following the garden party.

It was rumored that the Countess of Wales as well as the tempered elderly wives of the high society that attended the garden party at the time were all secluding themselves at home and when one looked at it, it seemed to be that way. Those crafty old wives seemed to have somehow done something to upset the Duchess’ pride and thought to hide themselves.

The rumor that the Taran Duke seized and killed every last one of the regional lords that rebelled against him, including their families, was also secretly spreading in the high society and so the fear that the northern nobles had towards the Taran Duke reached an extreme high. (1)

Hence, the explosive incident at the garden party that occurred in the meantime struck terror into everyone’s heart. They imagined the Taran Duke learning of the Duchess’ humiliation, and furiously summoning them to all be clubbed to death. After all, there was a connection between the Lady of the House losing face and the Head of the Family’s pride.

Whether the rumor of the Ducal Couple’s intimate matrimonial relationship was true or not, the Taran Duke had proved to at least belong to one of the examples. Originally, the House of the Taran Duke was closed off.

From generation to generation, the Taran Dukes were not interested in having close relationships with northern nobles as well as entering into politics in the capital.

The Taran Duke was an existing but intangible ruler. When the Taran Duke was not in the north due to war, the northern nobles held little interest in their intangible ruler. However, when there was a show of force and someone actually died, the social circle was shaken and people became desperate.

They wished to grasp the heart of their ruler and guarantee their safety. Presently, the only private connection to the current Duke was the Duchess who was engaging in social activities.

The ladies were given special instructions from their husbands or fathers and attended the Duchess’ tea party. It was a scene of chaos trying to secure a position on the list of invitees just before the Duchess threw her third tea party.

Even though her surroundings were as if attacked by a typhoon, the one at the center of the typhoon, Lucia, was calm. Nevertheless, the one who usually informed her in detail of the happenings, Kate, was shutting her mouth and watching the situation unfold.

To be exact, it wasn’t that something precise had happened but that the atmosphere in high society had become restless so what to tell Lucia was vague. She couldn’t say to Lucia, ‘your husband is terrifying so everyone is shaking in their boots’.

“The Duchess shines more beautifully as the days goes on.”

Someone leaked out flattery and a competitive spirit could be felt rising in the air among the women.

“Oh, I have admired the Duchess’ beauty since the day we first met.”

“Hoho. Appearance isn’t all to a person. The Duchess has a mind beautiful beyond appearance.”

A flame was lit amongst the women. The shameless and smooth tongued women heaped praises on the Duchess without exception and the timid women could not come forward as they were indecisive and couldn’t find a proper time to butt in. It was war.

Lucia took no regard of their overheated atmosphere and carefreely drank her tea. She wasn’t an immature child that would become giddy and graceless from a few words of flattery. She had watched this situation happen enough times in her dream to be sick of it.

In her dream, she had never been at the center. She also couldn’t become a follower as her personality wasn’t one to beat around the bush. However, while observing the ridiculous spectacle from a distance, she either found it amusing or pathetic.

‘The position of the Duchess is truly incredible.’

When Lucia did not show any reaction, the women began to close their mouths one by one. Those with tact gradually became aware that unlike her appearance, the Duchess was not an easy person to deal with.

“I’m truly thankful for all your kind words. Rather, is there anything interesting in the circles lately?”

“Let me tell you. Some time ago-”

“You can’t call that interesting. I heard...”

This time, the women were trying to up on another with hot news in the social circles.

Lucia tilted her head, ‘Today’s tea party is really strange.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 49 [part 2] - < — Truth & Falsehood — > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & Falsehood — > (4)

TN: Hello, hello. Enjoy!

In the afternoon, Captain Elliot submitted a report. Its contents were related to the past poisoning incident that was mistaken for an epidemic. The incident was resolved smoothly.

After finding the root of the problem and digging into it, there was no sign of ill will. All the mushrooms obtained were retrieved and disposed of. The upper-end person in charge was to be fined a large amount of money as punishment for gross negligence.

“Any other villages harmed?”

“Apart from the two villages discovered at early stages, none yet. Since the upper levels has been mostly examined, I don’t imagine there will be further damages in the future.”

The report was requesting approval from Hugo so that the incident to be finalized. The top figure at the root of the problem was under investigation and their feet were bound.

If Hugo were to give his approval, the principal figure would have to pay compensations plus fines and would be able to restart their activities in the upper levels.

It was practically the same asking the principal figure to pay a significant amount of money without complaints and expecting no more problems. However, having a certain name enter Hugo’s eyes was the start of misfortune for the top figure waiting for the trade approval to come through.

“...Wales? Is the principal owner the Count of Wales?”

“Yes.”

It was the rule that no matter the owner, upper-end affairs were to be resolved by commercial law. A business transaction issue was resolved with money and as long as the owner did not go bankrupt, no responsibility was given to the owner’s family.

The fact that Hugo now knew the name of the person at the top was related to the reason of having no need for concerned.

A dark spark was lit in Hugo’s eyes. Because he saw her crying figure, he harbored a huge grudge towards the ringleader of the garden party incident. Because of his wife’s beseechment, he couldn’t interfere time and time again so he felt vexed. Since he’d finally chanced upon a case, he clung tenaciously to the long-awaited opportunity.

Through one channel or another, he knew about the garden party incident in relatively good detail. Naturally, he also knew that the prime leader at that time was the Countess of Wales. Just as he was considering how to warn the old snake, he caught an unbelievable case.

Hugo commanded with a grave expression.

“This case cannot be passed over lightly.”

“Then...”

“I’m afraid I cannot erase the thought that there was a certain intention behind this matter. Thoroughly investigate the past transaction details, including the taxes paid.”

“By thoroughly, you mean...”

“Down to the last detail. Shake the dust out.”

Elliot was a typical knight, insensitive to plots or trickery however in this matter, his Lord seemed to have noticed something to watch for. He didn’t know why but that top figure was certainly marked by his Lord. Somehow he felt sympathetic.

“Understood. I will investigate thoroughly.”

Subordinates who assisted the Duke in close proximity were rather familiar with the Duke’s character. The Duke was definitely not a magnanimous and virtuous person. He was indifferent in most cases however once he locked onto something and began to dig into it, he was closer to persistent and obstinate.

In other words, he held long grudges.

***

It was a month and a half since Damian left for the Academy. Damian was hardly gone before Lucia wrote him a letter and received a reply to it about 20 days later.

Today, she received his reply to the second letter she sent him. Lucia’s heart pounded as she opened the envelope. Its contents, full of pages fell out. When she read the first line of the letter starting with, ‘To Mother,’ she trembled and hugged the letter to her chest.

As she read the letter step by step, her face blossomed, full of smiles. The letter’s contents seemed like some sort or report. What was taught in class, what was eaten, who he had a conversation with. Lucia felt happy as she read the rigid contents that expressed no emotions. She felt like she could see into the child’s livelihood.

― The day is getting colder. Be careful about your health. Sincerely, Damian.

When the lengthy letter came to an end, she felt a sense of huge regret.

“He seems to be doing well so I’m glad.”

The end of the year was approaching so Lucia was preparing a gift to send to Damian.

“Milady, a guest requests to see you.”

A maid announced to her. If it was Lady Milton that came, the maid would not say it was a guest.

“A guest? Who?”

“It is the Countess of Wales.”

Lucia knit her brows slightly. She didn’t know why the Countess of Wales would commit an act of rudeness and suddenly come to find her. She considered sending her back but finally settled on listening to what business the Countess had and if it was nonsense, to kick her out.

The maid served tea. Lucia did not call for Jerome. She didn’t want to serve the delicious tea that Jerome prepares to the Countess of Wales. Unlike Lucia who sat with a slightly chilled attitude, the Countess of Wales looked intimidated. In the time they hadn’t seen, her face had grown quite haggard.

Perhaps a cold? Lucia was suspicious of the Countess’ very different complexion from the past garden party.

“What brings you here?” [Lucia]

“It was discourteous of me to suddenly request to meet you like this. Has Duchess been well in the meantime?”

“There’s no reason I wouldn’t be well. Frankly, I am dissatisfied with Countess. It was my first party prepared on a grand scale. Surely madam won’t deny holding a sizeable responsibility for it ending in such a way?”

“What can I say? When one gets old, sometimes, one’s ability to judge falls. I came to find Duchess in hopes you can generously overlook this matter.”

Lucia, who’d purposefully come on strong, weakened her icy expression at the Countess acting humble.

“Is this what today’s visit is in regards to?”

“Yes. I came to apologize.”

Lucia didn’t know the Countess of Wales would docilely lower herself like this. As the Countess was older and a leading figure in the circles, Lucia tried to gradually apply pressure rather than having a head-on confrontation.

‘Something is strange here...’

The rather unusual intimidated attitudes of the other ladies was already weighing on her mind and since even the Countess of Wales was like this, perhaps there was something she was missing.

“If that’s all you really want, I understand. I will accept Countess’ apology. But I do not wish to talk for too long today.” [Lucia]

“Ah...I...”

“Do you have more to say?”

“To Duchess...there is something I would like to sincerely request...”

A request? Really, how shameless. Lucia inwardly chuckled sarcastically. In any case, the Countess of Wales seemed to see her as meek and naïve child. Lucia was not a good girl that wouldn’t take any action. She had a fairly cold side in entering a relationship with people.

“I do not privately take special requests.”

“It’s not a special request, Duchess. Please relieve the anger of his Grace the Duke.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”

The Countess revealed that the top-levels owned by her family were currently encountering difficulty. The explanation was lengthy and mostly self-justification. However, from the congested story, Lucia grasped the key point.

“The top committed a blunder and was punished. Are you now associating your personal feelings with the official work of his Grace the Duke?”

“No. No. The guilt is not being denied. I know the Duke is indeed a thorough person that separates business and pleasure. But he is a little strict so I ask of you to have some mercy. Please forgive this old one for rushing over in a hurry without principle.”

After the Countess of Wales left, Lucia fell into deep thought. In the first place, from the perspective of the one being punished, a generous punishment did not exist. From what she could tell, it wasn’t that fault was being found with an innocent man.

Punishment of crime was within the scope of authority of the Taran Duke, the overseer of order in the North. The thought that maybe he was punishing them excessively because of her did not cross her mind for a second. She wasn’t that conceited.

‘So he’s quite strict on the people under him.’

She couldn’t imagine it since she’d never seen that side of him. In any case, the reason the ladies have been so careful of her mood lately must also be because of this. Perhaps they happened upon his strict side several times recently. She filed it in her head to ask him in passing. She did not really take it seriously.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 [part 1] - < — Truth & False — > (5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & False — > (5)

The weather grew cold so it became hard to take a walk in the garden after dinner. Lucia didn’t have to worry about what to do with her spare time though, rather, every time she was free, she fell in love with knitting.

It was a scarf wanted to send to Damian as a year-end gift as well the for New Year’s. She worked diligently so she could send it at approximately the right time.

Since she couldn’t care for the garden or take a walk, she poured all her remaining time into the completion of the scarf.

After taking a bath, Lucia waited for Hugo in the bedroom but even after more time than usual passed, he did not come. As the end of the year approached, he grew remarkably busier.

He either came into the bedroom late or sometimes sent word through the maid for her to sleep first.

Then he would try to stubbornly demand for the one-in-five rest day to be replaced with the missed day but Lucia did not listen to that demand.

This was because she knew that once she listened, there would be no end.

She asked the maid to bring her knitting basket because it seemed like he would be coming in late. She sat on the bed and began to weave the wool into the shape of a scarf.

“What’s that?”

At some point, Hugo came in and was attentively watching the knitting in her hands. She had been completely engrossed in knitting and did not notice him when he came in.

She quickly clean up and arranged the materials into the basket.

“Knitting. I’m knitting a scarf. I want to send it to Damian.”

A wool-knitted scarf. It was an item that was never necessary for Hugo. He wasn’t sensitive to cold so even in the winter, he didn’t wear special winter clothing, much less a scarf for children. Perhaps even the gift recipient Damian would have to make conscious effort to wear that around.

Her choice of white pattern on a red background showed how much she treated Damian like a little child. He felt a little sorry but he had no choice but to have Damian wear it throughout the winter.

He’ll have to check through the escort planted at the boy’s side to make sure the boy really wear it. Hugo entertained villainous thoughts in his mind.

Although Hugo didn’t want a scarf, he couldn’t move his gaze from where she moved to place the basket of knitting wool under the bed. He sent off Damian, got rid of the baby fox as a free bonus but she did not return to being entirely his like he thought.

He didn’t know why there was so many places for her to devote her attention to. When she got a letter from the boy, she was full of obvious excitement for a few days.

‘She’s my woman before she is the boy’s mother.’

He was dissatisfied with the attention she poured on Damian. He couldn’t exactly put it in words so he grumbled inwardly. Moreover, she still had not told him her childhood name.

‘But I told you my secret. Although not all of it.’

It wasn’t like there had to be a trade-off but...

‘Why does that boy, Damian know but I don’t?’

He could never understand where that kid was better than himself.

“Did you learn knitting at a young age?”

Lately, Hugo used any opportunity he had to ask about her childhood. He was stubbornly determined to hear her childhood name directly from her mouth. He didn’t want to ask upfront as he felt like if she told him personally, it was evidence that she’d opened her heart to him to some extent.

“Yes. Which is why my skill isn’t that great. I learnt from casually observing my mother at the side.”

“You said you lived alone with your mother when you were young, right?”

“Yes. Until I entered the palace.”

“Then your mother...what did she...”

Hugo hesitated slightly then threw out a thinly-veiled question.

“Usually...what were you called? By your mother...”

This wasn’t cheating. He didn’t directly ask what her childhood name was.

“As a child, rather than call my name, she called me, my baby, cutie or daughter.”

Since he didn’t grow up feeling his mother’s affections, he was probably curious of normal mother-child relationships. This was how Lucia thought of it. As she recalled memories with mother, a smile rose onto her face.

Today again, his leading questions failed. Hugo sighed inwardly, disappointed.

“Ah, there’s something I want to confirm with you. You didn’t forget your promise with me, right? The promise that you won’t interfere with the matters of the garden party.” (Lucia)

“I didn’t forget.”

“Really?”

“Of course.”

Hugo answered confidently. There wasn’t a single thing on his conscience. Summoning his vassals and telling them to put more effort into supervising their household was well enough within his capability as a superior giving advice.

There was no hesitation in his replies so Lucia believed him. Her husband was more trustworthy to her than the Countess of Wales.

“I heard something weird but it guess it was just a groundless rumor.”

“What rumor?”

“It says you struck a blow to the Count of Wales’ upper-end businesses because of the garden party issue. Well, something like that. But there’s no way that’s the case. You’re someone who thoroughly distinguishes between private and public matters, after all.”

“...Of course.”

He really had nothing on his conscience. Even though the upper-end was thoroughly investigated two-fold and three-fold because of the problem caused by the poisoning case, it was an official matter. The fact that the principal owner was the Count of Wales was just an added bonus. Despite that, he couldn’t answer without any hesitation. Lucia was unable to catch the sour look that flitted across his face.

Not long after this, the upper-end businesses of the Count of wales’ family were acquitted after a persistent investigation.

The originally imposed levy was as before however, simply being able to resume activities in the upper-level before the New Year came around was something to be thankful for.

The rumor that the Taran Duke stood behind the Duchess was now solidifying into an established theory in the northern social circles.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 50 [part 2] - < — Truth & Falsehood — > (5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Truth & Falsehood — > (5)

TN: I don’t think I’ve ever mentioned it but things in brackets like this: [], are conversations from the past. Brackets like this: () just tells you who is speaking.

The aide assumed a solemn expression as he spoke.

“Your Highness, Crown Prince, Marquis of DeLing sent an official letter of complaint.”

Kwiz clicked his tongue and skimmed through the document handed to him. In conclusion, the long letter of complaint that went on and on for pages was requesting permission to punish the Knight Krotin who insulted the honor of the Marquis.

A while ago, Knights of Deling jumped Roy and were beaten half-dead so they couldn’t move for several months.

“Why do these filthy bastards that attack in groups have so much to say? Is it still a proper knight if it jumps a single opponent with numbers?”

The aide still couldn’t adapt to the Crowned Prince spitting out the vulgar jargon of the common people every time it happened.

The aide controlled his expression and continued speaking.

“It is not the duel itself they have an issue with, but Sir Krotin’s remarks.”

“I’m sure what they want to deal with isn’t Sir Krotin.”

Marquis of DeLing was one of the representative figures of the opposing forces against the Crown Prince. If opposing side could use this matter to remove the Knight Krotin from the Crown Prince’s side, there were many things to gain from it.

They could make a crack in the authority of the Crown Prince who was unable to protect his escort Knight, they could aim for a gap in the Crown Prince’s defenses after he lost a remarkably skilled escort and because the Crown Prince was unable to safeguard the escort handed to him by the Taran Duke, they could make a crack form in the two’s relationship.

Kwiz turned his gaze to Roy standing next to him.

Even though Roy obviously knew they were talking about him, his expression didn’t change as if he wasn’t hearing anything. Sometimes, the aide felt the desire to beat up Roy’s brazen face.

“Sir Krotin. Don’t say anything after beating those knights. Good going there. It isn’t like you killed them yet those jumping bastards have the nerve. But, why did you say that?” (Kwiz)

“Say what?” (Roy)

“It is said you called the knights, dogs of the Marquis.”

“I didn’t say that. I said dogs licking their master’s feet.”

Kwiz groaned.

“That is virtually the same thing. Isn’t that why the Knight of the DeLing Marquis jumped you? Saying you insulted the Marquis.”

“I don’t know why that is insulting. I simply spoke the truth. A Knight is their master’s dog. Like a dog, all one have to do is wag their tail to their master and listen nicely. I only said my mind since they were going around picking fights with uninvolved people.”

Not only the Crown Prince, but everyone around was taken aback.

“A knight is their master’s dog? Does Sir Krotin think so of yourself?” (Kwiz)

“Oh yes. I am my Lord’s dog. If he asks me to bark, I bark. Woof-woof.”

Kwiz burst out laughing. He grabbed his stomach and smacked the table as he laughed. However the expression of the other escorting knights besides Roy were distorted and they fixed Roy with murderous gazes.

After laughing till tears came to his eyes, Kwiz took a while to calm down then spoke to his aide.

“Did you hear that? Write it well that Sir Krotin did not insult any knight and send back the letter of complaint.”

“...Yes.”

Without doubt, the damn man was a lunatic. No, he was a mad dog? The aide made up his mind to never mess around with Knight Krotin if possible. After all, one avoids shit because it’s dirty. (1)

“I envy the Taran Duke. To have such a loyal knight.”

Kwiz glanced over his knights with a meaningful gaze. The knights who met his gaze for a moment turned their gaze to empty air.

“But the Taran Duke has confined himself to the north with no thoughts of coming up to the capital. I thought even if it was the Duchess, one would at least come once.”

It was nearly a year since the Duke got married and two months had passed since the New Year began. He was fascinated by how the princess who lived in palace was enduring so well in the north.

He thought she would be unable to tolerate the frustration and even if alone, she would drop by the capital. Through the description of the people who had seen Princess Vivian directly, he knew the princess was far from being a lady of unsurpassed beauty. Even so, he couldn’t shake off his doubt as to whether that rumor was true or not.

‘Is she so beautiful that the Duke is hiding her tightly? Or is it just preference? But looking at his past history with women, something’s totally different.’

Kwiz found very little success in digging into Princess Vivian. He learnt the Princess went out of the palace pretending to be a maid but as it cost more time and money to keep digging even further, he simply gave up.

If it was an enemy, he would look into every nook and cranny but there was no need to do so for someone on his side. In any case, they would meet when once she came up to the capital.

‘Acting as a maid to go out. You do quite the interesting things.’

Kwiz held a favorable impression towards this younger sister of his he never knew existed.

***

In the capital where incidents happened without pause, Fabian was working hard today as usual. Today, he was doing his favorite work: the task of gathering the rumors circulating in the capital.

“Hoh, this is new. There’s a summoning circle to raise the devil under the Taran Duke’s Castle in his fief?”

Fabian snickered and wrote down all the unfiltered rumors in his report to the Duke. Fabian also studied the report from him men. As he looked through the report, his expression stiffened. The report was from his men planted around the female novelist.

As she was the only acquaintance to the princess who became the Duchess, Fabian ordered his men to check up on Norman regularly. This was because someone who chanced upon her relationship with the Duchess might choose to approach her and cause her harm. On the other hand, he was also able to use this to confirm that the female novelist was tight-lipped about the Duchess. So, in a way, it was a form of surveillance and protection.

“Why did the Countess of Falcon go there? And not just once or twice.”

According at the report, the purpose of the visiting the female novelist was because the countess was a fan of the female writer’s novel.

‘I don’t think that’s the only reason though...’

Fabian’s sharp sense was telling him so.

‘Anyhow, she’s a really difficult one.’

Since a long time ago, the Countess always left a bad taste in his mouth. The fact that he disliked her ominous past history of marrying three times with all 3 husbands currently dead, was just secondary. Sometimes one happens to dislike a person for no reason. To Fabian, the Countess of Falcon was such a person.

There was the option of observing the situation over time but Fabian decided to file it in his report. The biggest reason for Fabian’s capability was his speedy situational judgements. He judged that he should not carelessly disregard news related to the Duchess.

At this point, he now knew that that the Duke was not playing newly-wed. For the Duke to share a bed with one woman for over 10 months? It was unprecedented. The Duke was not a womanizer. This was how Fabian saw it. The Duke simply satisfied his instinctive desires. He never had the slightest emotional exchanges with women.

Just the thought that such a Duke would possibly be settling down with a woman made Fabian feel like he’d glimpsed into the mysteries of life.

‘Truly, the more you live, the more you learn.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (1)

TN: ‘Employees’ is changed to ‘servants’.

Several months passed since Anna and Philip’s steady exchanged continued. Anna found Philip for teaching whenever she had free time and Philip admired Anna’s great passion for learning at such an advanced age.

Once a week, Anna and Philip went to offer their medical services to the poor and needy. Just like always, they set up a simple treatment room in a remote location at the back of an alley and received a flood of patients. It was difficult but as Anna treated patients with all sorts of diverse symptoms, her skills dramatically increased.

“Look here, don’t you think the stupid thing is to say you ate mugwort to make medicine?”

The voice of a hot-tempered middle-aged wife rang out loudly. The simple treatment room had two tables set slightly apart and in between them, a thin cloth acted as a wall. So when one raised their voice a little bit, one could be heard from the other side.

On the other side of the wall, Anna payed attention to the audible voice of the patient who came to Philip.

“Did I know and eat it? I only knew the tusk had wild herbs.”

“Are your eyes crooked? How does that look like herbs!”

“Why did you leave it in the kitchen then!”

Mother and daughter went back and forth, raising their voices to each other as they quarreled.

Mugwort! Anna paused treatment on her side and fixed her gaze on the obscuring wall of cloth. Then she heard Philip’s calm voice.

“So what is the matter? Did you perhaps contact an ailment?”

“Aiyo! Doctor! This one ate that thing and her monthly period didn’t come. I don’t know what to do if this lass cannot perform her duties as a woman so I can’t sleep at night.”

“Tch, I like it this way.” (Daughter speaking)

“You crazy thing, ah! Do you want to be a lady who can’t give birth?”

Anna suddenly sprang to her feet. She didn’t notice the confused expression of her patient who was being treated. Anna lifted the wall made of cloth and went into the other partition.

Philip glanced at Anna once then spoke to the patient.

“I cannot treat you if you’re making so much fuss. Quietly. How much mugwort did patient eat?”

“About as much as a side dish? I mixed it up with vegetable and ate it.”

Her mother next to her: ‘This crazy-! How can you happily eat that foul-tasting thing and call it vegetable? Aiyo, I didn’t give birth to a human, I birthed a good-for-nothing. Ai! I can’t live in peace.’

She continued to grumble inwardly.

“When did you have your first menstruation?”

“I think the year before last?”

“You didn’t keep eating the mugwort, did you?”

“No.”

“Then, this is just a temporary state, your monthly periods will start again next month. So you don’t need to be worried. You too, Mother.”

Both mother and daughter were in disbelief so they had to be persuaded and promised several times before they left.

“What’s wrong, Anna? Is there a patient with a problem?” (Philip)

“...No. I’ll tell you later.”

After they finished giving free treatment, the day was darkening into night and the two returned and drank tea at Philip’s residence.

“Earlier...I’m talking of the patient who took mugwort. That was my first time seeing such a symptom but Sir Philip seemed to know all about it. I know mugwort has a hemostatic effect but for that to stop menstruation? How could that be when menstruation and the blood from wounds are from completely different structures?” (Anna)

“It’s rare but occasionally, it occurs in patients. It can happen when the poor hunger and do not distinguish what they eat. However, there is nothing to worry about. There’s nothing wrong with the body, it’s just a temporary state.”

“Then, by any chance, do you know of menstruation stopping entirely after eating mugwort?”

Philip’s hand lifting the teacup to his mouth paused for a moment. The mysterious glint in his eyes disappeared just as fast as it came. His relaxed smile was just as before and his voice was just as relaxed as he spoke.

“Interesting. Do you have such a patient?”

“Yes, in state of complete amenorrhea (absence of menstrual periods). The herb intake was for quite the long time.”

In the meantime, Anna had purchased hundreds of medicinal books in order to find a cure for the Duchess. She scrapped up all the books on the market and not only that, she asked around for the doctors living in Roam (city) and went to them diligently. However, there was not one person who recognized the symptom of menstruation stopping after eating mugwort.

Anna would have rather preferred to experiment the diet on herself but unfortunately, she was already in her menopause and because she didn’t know the side effects, she couldn’t test it on another person.

So, it was both surprising and frustrating to stumble across that patient today. If she knew beforehand, she would’ve gone digging through the slums. Anna admired Philip anew.

[How did you learn such excellent medical art? You know much of what is in the books and what is not in the books.]

The more she knew, the more amazed she was by Philip’s medical knowledge so one day, she had asked him directly.

[There are simply a lot of miscellaneous things I picked along the way when I was wandering around.]

Philip spoke modestly but Anna thought of it as his reward for wandering the hinterland to offer his medical services. He was really an excellent doctor.

“Philip, didn’t you say you treated a lot of patients while traveling? I feel very embarrassed in comparison. True medicine should be performed with the heart yet my lowly medicine is priced with greed.”

“Anna, your medical skill is superb. You are enthusiastic and true to your patient. It is a shame you don’t receive proper recognition because you are a woman.”

“You exaggerate.”

Anna smiled and brought the teacup to her mouth. If Anna had seen Philip’s eyes then, she would have felt strange. The pupils of his eyes flickered silently, revealing his impatience.

“Who is the patient?” (Philip)

Anna hesitated. Keeping a patient’s confidentiality was the duty of a doctor. However, Anna couldn’t let go of the only and definite clue that she’d barely managed to fine. The longer she couldn’t grasp a clue, the more anxious she felt. No one was urging her but she felt agitated.

‘It’s okay. He’s the Duke’s doctor and one with excellent medical skills. He’s a true doctor who finds the poor to offer his medical services.’

She didn’t know why he was under surveillance, but if he was someone who would harm the Duke, it wouldn’t just end with surveillance. She made up her mind. Still, she felt too uncomfortable to readily mention the madam.

“To be honest, I came to find you at first because I wanted some advice on this symptom.”

If the Duchess’ doctor was seeking advice from another doctor, without one even saying who the patient was, it was obvious. Anna nodded her head to Philip who was quietly looking at her.

“By any chance...was the mugwort taken from the first menstrual period?”(Philip)

“You know!”

Anna yelled out cheerfully.

“Do you know a way to treat it?”

“Fortunately, I do.”

“My goodness!”

The treatment method she’d been looking for all this while had been right next to her. If she had honestly asked for advice from the beginning, she would have gotten it without going through so much trouble.

However, she didn’t regret the time spent going through that trouble. Searching for books and digging through them were of great help to her skills.

“How did the patient happen to take mugwort?” (Philip)

“The patient wasn’t knowledgeable as a child and did not know of the changes in a woman. Summarily, in the patient’s young mind, it was a drug that stopped bleeding so one tried to fix the first menstruation.”

“How long was this intake?”

“I heard it was taken for about half a year, after which there was no more menstruation. Is it really possible to treat?”

“Listen a little more. This symptoms require special conditions to be treated. One must not be a virgin and one must not have experienced union with more than one man.”

Anna’s expression fell. The symptom itself was already strange now even the treatment condition was strange too. Because of Anna’s experience treating the Duchess, she knew of the Duchess’ purity better than anyone else.

But this matter was privately hidden and concerned the Duchess’ reputation. She hesitated for a while but in the end she chose her belief that as doctor, if one was embarrassed about their patient’s condition, one would not be able to treat their patient properly.

“That won’t be a problem. The patient was married some time ago and the first night was the patient’s first union.”

Anna stubbornly did not directly mention who the patient was but they were both understanding each other.

“Then, does this mean it can be treated?” (Anna)

Philip lowered his gaze a little and said nothing in reply. Anna waited quietly, not wanting to interfere with his thoughts. But in actuality, Philip was only trying to calm his overwhelmed and turbulent emotions. After some time, he lifted his head with a calm expression.

“It’s possible.”

“I’ll go see Milady immediately. I’m sure she will be much pleased I have found a cure.”

As if she would get up any minute now, Anna shuffled in her seat restlessly. She didn’t even realize that she had directly said who the patient was. Philip used a hand gesture to tell her to calm down.

“This treatment method is one of the secrets passed down in our family. The exact method of preparation is in the notebook handed down and I have to check it but I don’t have it right now. I put it someplace else. It looks like I’ll have to leave for a while.”

Anna felt regretful. She was filled with impatience as she didn’t want to lose the clue she’d finally gotten.

“Will it take long? Is it possible for me to go with you?”

“I apologize but I cannot take you with me. It is a secret location passed down in our family from generation to generation.”

“I was too impatient. I’m sorry for making an unreasonable request.”

“There’s no need to be in a rush. I will definitely give you the treatment method. Therefore, in the meantime, don’t tell the patient. There’s no need to make one wait in vain.”

“You’re right. When do you expect to be back?”

“At the latest, I will be back in a week.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 51 [part 2] - < — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (1)

After Anna left, Philip sat on the sofa with his head low and hands clasped tightly together. The lights were off in the sitting room causing it to be dimly lit. In this lighting, the silhouette sitting like a doll in the dreary atmosphere was enough to frighten any who saw it.

“Kuhuhuhu...”

Philip’s body began to tremble and he burst out laughing like a madman.

“Kuhahaha!! It’s not the end! It’s not over yet!”

It was not the usual Philip that kept his emotions in check without losing his calm expression. His eyes were bloodshot and the veins on his forehead bulged. Like an evil spirit, his expression was distorted, full of madness and obsession.

He discovered a possibility for the obsession he’d half-way given up on, so he was overwhelmed with excitement.

After the former Duke met a tragic death and the new Duke succeeded him, Philip was one day kidnapped by a suspicious person. When he woke up after fainting, he found himself locked up in a prison. He was imprisoned for the whole day. And the person that showed up in front of him in the prison was Hugh, the one who had become the Taran Duke.

[Old man. I hear you know the way to make a child? Tell me. I combed through that cursed room but it wasn’t there.]

The Hugh Philip saw after he became the Duke had changed. Deep rooted disgust and hatred overflowed in his eyes. Philip came to realize that the cause for this was the room which Hugh referred to as ‘that cursed room’. It was the room that contained secrets of the Taran bloodline.

[You entered the secret room.]

[That’s right. It was really interesting, you know? The girl that the late Duchess had in her womb was supposed to carry my child in the future. It’s truly a shame. My future wife didn’t get to see the light of the day and was turned into a lump of flesh to be thrown away in her mother’s stomach. If I knew, I would have at least checked her face. I mean, since the Duchess’ stomach was practically bulging, there must have been some kind of shape.]

Unlike his words, the Duke’s expression looked nauseous like he couldn’t stand the mere thought.

[Indeed a huge secret and according at those scribbled documents, the Duchess must give birth to a son so she could never be an ordinary woman. But this time, was it because my mother died? Then, if one bore a daughter, one would not be able to able raise it publicly and can only hide it away.]

Philip did not give any response or acknowledgement. The late Duchess had indeed planned that as soon as her daughter was born, she would treat it like it were dead and raise it outside.

The Duke continued with his inference of Philip’s thoughts.

[And since that girl and I differ greatly in age, I don’t believe she would be left alone with me. That old fogey would have probably made me marry a woman that’ll give birth to the girl that would be my son’s bride in the future. But, if it goes this way, the woman that gives birth to my son, the woman with the oh so precious Taran blood, becomes a mistress. And her son becomes an illegitimate child. There’s no way such a flaw would be allowed. So, on a second thought, the wife that gives birth to my daughter will probably end up dead in time. Whether by sickness or by accident. And my step-sister that grew up well outside will come in as my second wife and give birth to my son. What do you think? Did I hit the nail on the head?]

[...]

[But what can one do? Since my step-sister is dead, my son won’t be born. Forever.]

Looking at the extremely delighted Duke, Philip did not reveal that the child of the late young master Hugo was conceived and growing up nicely. If the Duke knew now, he would kill both mother and son immediately.

[But a daughter can still be born as usual. You disgusting bastards will do anything to make me have a daughter without hesitation. Now tell me, Old man. How this monstrous family came to retain such a tenacious bloodline. I don’t plan on leaving anything carrying my filthy blood behind on this land.]

Philip could predict what the Duke would do if he told him the truth about the mugwort. Even if it sounded impossible, he would try to root out all the mugwort that existed in the world, and if he really needed a woman, to avoid future troubles, he would either embrace a prostitute once then get rid of her, or avoid embracing the same woman more than once. In this way, the possibility of the Taran bloodline continuing would disappear.

[If you want stay locked up and never see the sun again, keep your mouth shut.]

Philip would never divulge his family’s secrets and using the pretext that he couldn’t resist under the Duke’s threat, he spun a tale.

[The Taran male that will become the father of the child has to steadily administer his blood to the woman for over a year, then take her virginity.]

And the Duke believed those nonsensical words. From this, one could guess how much the Duke thought of the Taran blood as a sickening monster.

Since the Duke thought that pregnancy was impossible without himself voluntarily acting on it, he treated Philip like a completely non-existent person afterwards. Making the most of this indifferent approach, Philip did not stop trying to progress to his goal.

Those of Taran blood inherited madness in their blood from generation to generation. It caused one to urge for slaughter or increased one’s sex drive. In the Duke, the extent was severe and it got even worse after his brother’s death. By the second half of his late teens, it was to the extent that the Duke couldn’t sleep without slaughter or sleeping with a woman.

Philip bought a young orphan beggar and prepared her body by feeding her mugwort. He taught her sexual practices to match the Duke’s tastes and knowing that the Duke did not like maidens, he took measures using his family’s secret manual to prevent virgin blood from flowing out.

Just in time, war broke out, becoming an opportunity and Philip’s access to the Duke became much easier. He fed the prepared woman pain-killing drugs so she wouldn’t feel the pain of breakthrough (TN: pain from first sex) and sent her into the Duke’s quarters. The Duke, excited from the madness of slaughter, did not care who the woman let into his quarters was and united with her.

But Philip’s attempts always ended in failure. For pregnancy to happen, the Duke had to have a steady relationship with a woman but the Duke was quick to lose interest. The amount of unsuccessful women Philip had killed to silence numbered more than a dozen.

As the war came to a lull, the Duke began to gradually temper his recklessness and lack of self-restraint. It could be that by seeing his fill of blood through the war, his thirst was somewhat relieved or it could be due to the Duke entering his mid-twenties. His preference also changed to luxurious noble women so he only took women like those to bed.

No matter how resourceful Philip was, he couldn’t obtain aristocrats like he obtained orphans. If there was a daughter left behind by the late Duke, he would have looked after her to make sure she bore an offspring for young master Damian in the future but unfortunately, all females of the Taran blood were dead.

The discarded daughter who lived without Philip and the late Duke knowing gave birth to Damian and died, the girl being raised to be the future Duchess fell off her horse in an accident and died, the girl in the womb of the newly taken Duchess of the late Duke was killed along with her mother, by the hands of young master Hugo.

The birth of young master Damian was by Heaven’s aid. However, if young master Damian did not have a bride, the Taran bloodline would end. Without the Duke’s cooperation, the path to securing a bride was far-off.

But. Without him (Philip) putting any effort, someone that met all the needed conditions became the Duchess. To confirm this, he had lied to Anna that it needed special conditions.

It was perfect. It was definitely a miracle. The heavens were still watching over the existence of the Taran bloodline.

‘A beautiful bride will be born for you soon, Young Master Damian.’

In the darkness, a dark smile spread across his lips. Philip was already considering several variables, and various plans were being made in his head.

The long-cherished wish of his family passed down for generations. The persistent obsession that was asleep in his blood for a while was ignited once more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (2)

TN: Vision = secret manual.

It was now routine for Lucia to take the medicine Anna prepared for her every other day. The maid usually brought it one or two hours after she’d had dinner. Lucia habitually brought the bowl of medicine to her mouth but was surprised and reflexively took it away from her mouth.

“...Vanilla scent?”

She brought the bowl closer to her nose again and took in the smell. There was no doubt. It was scent of vanilla. It was the cure that she couldn’t find in her dream even after putting a lot of effort and time. The wandering doctor she’d miraculously met called it his family’s vision. It was not a medicine that could be found so easily. Lucia called the maid and asked for Anna to be brought to her.

“Anna, today’s medication is different from before.”

“Yes, it’s a new remedy.”

“Is it a method you found?”

“...Yes.”

If Anna replied that she’d received someone else’s advice, Lucia would’ve thought that Anna may’ve met the doctor from her dream. But she couldn’t believe that Anna found it.

“Anna, I’ve studied medicinal herbs for a while because I was interested in them.”

After saying so, Lucia went on to list three different herbs. These herbs all belonged to the side of medicinal herbs with strong composition so they were herbs that should be examined and carefully prescribed according to the constitution of the patient. For a doctor, this knowledge was close to common sense.

“Do you know what happens if you mix these three herbs together and eat it?”

Anna couldn’t grasp the intent behind this abrupt question but she answered truthfully based on her knowledge.

“Those medicinal herbs are herbs that should never be mixed together. Each is different in nature so when taken together, it will act as a poison.”

“Is that so? Then Anna, you brought this medicine to try and feed me poison.”

“What?”

Poison! Anna’s entire body grew rigid as she froze stone-cold. The petite woman in front of her suddenly seemed to change into an enormous steel wall. The Duchess wasn’t one to assert her authority or observe proper decorum with the people under her.

So, Anna had forgotten. She’d forgotten that the Duchess was a grand high-ranking noble that she would never be able to see in her lifetime if it wasn’t for her becoming the primary doctor.

‘Have I done something to offend the Duchess?’

A chill ran down her spine. The life of a doctor who was suspected for attempted poisoning was akin to the life of a candle flame before the wind. Whether it was true or not did not matter. The problem was such a suspicion being made in the first place.

“Did you know this medicine has a vanilla scent?” (Lucia)

“Yes, Milady.”

“Do you know why it has a vanilla scent?”

“...”

“If you mix the three herbs I mention earlier and boil it down, you get the scent of vanilla. You doesn’t seem to know this, Anna.”

“...What?”

“You said it’s a treatment method you found. How can you not know?”

After Lucia’s menstruation re-started because of the cure the wandering doctor gave her in her dream, she became interested in the cure itself. Whenever she went to buy medicinal herbs, she would remember the words telling her that certain herbs mixed together caused huge problems.

Philip’s lonesome expression as he tore the page from the note containing his family’s vision and gave it to her also kept coming to mind. In particular, she was curious about the medicine’s vanilla scent. So, out of curiosity, she began studying medicinal herbs.

Her studies did not measure up to that of a professional’s. She just learnt the type and efficacy of the medicinal herbs in the prescription Philip gave to her. She took the medicinal herbs on the prescription apart piece by piece and repeatedly tested mixtures. Through this, she found that the vanilla scent came from mixing the three herbs that were not commonly mixed together.

Anna’s complexion turned white. Anna did not know what kind of medicinal herbs went into the medicine. The medicine Philip handed over to her was in a finely ground state.

[At least once a month. It should be taken regularly till menstruation begins again. The method of dosage is simple.] (Philip speaking)

[I cannot have a patient take medicine that I don’t know what went into it. The prescription should be given along with the medicine.] (Anna)

[It is our family vision, I cannot reveal this.]

[Philip. I do not doubt your conscience or ability as a doctor. However, this is not an ordinary patient]

[Anna, if so I can personally explain to the patient.]

[That cannot be done. Sir Philip is prohibited from approaching the Madam.]

Anna had been very excited to learn there was a treatment method but while she waited for Philip to make the medicine, a forgotten matter rose to the forefront of her mind. In the past, the butler had said that even if they found cure, it had to be called Anna’s. Even a simple mention of Philip’s existence was not to be made in front of the madam.

[I will not ask what the circumstances are but I cannot let you meet Milady, Philip.]

[...I can stake my neck to assure you. If you are really worried, you can eat some it to test. It is a medicine that has no effect when a normal person takes it.]

[You said it has to be administered long term. A problem could occur when it’s taken long term.]

[Anna, do you think I will make a drug that will harm a patient?]

Anna’s trust for Philip, her conscience as a doctor and her desire for a cure were in fierce conflict inside her mind. She personally took the medicine for a week and watched over her body’s condition for anything odd. While doing this, she received a summon from the Duke.

The Taran Duke usually called Anna about once a week to ask her about how the Duchess’s treatment was going. And Anna’s answer was usually the same.

[I’m looking for a cure.]

The Duke wouldn’t question more and with an answer of ‘Got it’, the discussion was over.

However, this time when she was summoned by the Duke, while in possession of the cure, she felt pressured. She felt a sense of shame that she wasn’t doing her job properly even when she was being paid a huge sum of money to serve as a doctor.

And Anna’s trust in Philip had already occupy a huge spot in her heart so eventually, Anna brought the medicine to the Duchess.

‘This...I did something crazy.’

Only after Lucia questioned the drug’s components did Anna realize. A doctor prescribing an uncertain drug to their patient. Before considering the problem that this patient was the Duchess, it was a fatal error in one’s judgement as doctor.

“I have nothing to say. I am sorry, Milady. Truthfully, It is not my cure. I took the medicine for a week to verify it.”

Lucia sighed, feeling Anna’s anguish and efforts through her words.

“To have consulted about my condition, it must be someone you have great trust in. Who is it?”

“I’m sorry, Milady. I cannot say who it is.”

“Did the person that prescribed the medicine ask not to be revealed?”

When Lucia thought about it, the wandering doctor from her dream wasn’t one to covet credit.

“...”

Since Anna wasn’t allowed to speak of Philip’s existence, she couldn’t give an answer.

“I cannot take this medicine. I cannot trust it. Do you understand?” (Lucia)

“Yes, Milady. I committed a grave mistake.”

“I know you did it because you want to treat me. But do not lie next time.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Lucia was once of the notion that if Anna found a cure, she would not reject it. At the time she was angry with Hugo and her attitude was ‘I-don’t-care-whatever-happens. But when she realized why he didn’t want a child, her mind changed.

He was not ready to be a father at all. If a child was born, it would be a tragedy for everyone involved as well as the new-born child. Lucia did not want to have a child that Hugo did not want. She wanted to have a child that receive much love from his/her father.

Hugo grew up without knowing love from his parents and Lucia spent her childhood neglected by her father. They both experienced lack of normal families. Lucia thought that in order to complete themselves in what they lacked, they needed to perfectly understand each other.

‘Not giving birth to a child could be the happier side.’

There was regret. She was in love with him. She wanted to have a child for the man she loved. But now wasn’t the time.

When she thought back to her tiring life in her dream, it taught her about a lot of things. If not for the dream, she wouldn’t have such huge patience nor would she have been able to see the distant future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 52 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (2)

Following the Duchess’ will, Anna informed Philip that his medicine was rejected. As Philip listened to her story, he couldn’t conceal his surprise.

“So... she knows the herb mixture that gives the vanilla scent...?”

Philip muttered to himself repeatedly.

“Let me meet the Duchess. This is most definitely a cure.”

“You know that can’t happen. What ever did you do to be under surveillance?”

“It’s a personal matter and has nothing to do with medicine. Do you plan on giving up on the Madam’s treatment like this?”

Anna shook her head.

“For me, there’s no other way. Just as you say, Sir Philip could meet Milady and directly explain it to her but the meeting itself is impossible.” (Anna)

“Anna, I cannot give up on a patient in front of me.”

“...Then, I will ask His Grace the Duke when he returns.”

The Duke of Taran was currently not in Roam as he was inspecting the fief so Philip couldn’t miss out on this opportunity. Once the Duke came back, he would never be left alone with the Duchess.

The Duke did not know the secret behind the mugwort but if the Duchess got pregnant after receiving Philip’s prescription, the Duke would immediately see through Philip’s manipulations and tricks. And the Duke would do everything within his power to stop the child from being born.

Therefore, the Duke must not know that Philip was involved in the Duchess’ pregnancy. and to do so, Philip had to meet the Duchess. He was confident that once he met the Duchess, he could coax and persuade her.

“The will of the patient is priority. The most important thing is whether the patient wants a child. Do you think his Grace the Duke wants a child from the Madam when he already has a child born out-of-wedlock as his heir? Nobles are cold-hearted. They are different from ordinary people like us. Succession and affection towards one’s wife are thoroughly differentiated. The Madam must also want to child to look at in her old age. Don’t you think it’ll be a shame if the Madam is never able to embrace her own child?”

Philip calmly tried to persuade Anna. And Anna, whose heart leaned positively to Philip, was easily persuaded.

‘Their relationship might be good now but...’

In the first place, noble relationships were like this. Whether male or female, they kept separate lovers and enjoyed themselves even when they were married. The only thing left was the child.

Anna thought the same way as the servants who gossiped that the Duchess was thinning because she had to enter an illegitimate son into the register as soon as she married in.

“I’ll try and talk to Milady.”

To Anna, it was for the Madam’s sake.

***

“Milady, the doctor that I talked about the other has requested to meet you.”

“Is that so? That’s fine with me.”

“However, Milady. This doctor...actually, he’s the Duke’s doctor.”

“The Duke’s?”

“Yes. The butler called me some time ago and informed me so. I was told the Duke’s doctor was being watched and should not be allowed to meet Milady nor should his existence be mentioned to Milady. I was told it was an order from His Grace the Duke.”

Anna’s expression and tone were resolute. Lucia’s feelings of expectation towards seeing her benefactor began to subside.

“Then, you are committing a grave mistake right now. You are disobeying the order not to mention this to me.”

“I am aware and I will take responsibility. But Milady, the doctor said you can be definitely be cured. He wants to meet Milady and explain.”

“Responsibility? How will you take responsibility?”

“...I will resign from my position as doctor. I lack too much in many areas.”

“...”

Lucia studied Anna’s haggard expression. It was an expression that said the woman had a lot of worries on her mind.

“Anna, the matter of the medicine last time was so, and the matter this time, likewise. These things won’t happen if you kept to your duty.”

“I know I have acted out of line. I just want to treat Milady so Milady can have a lovely child.”

Lucia sighed. Anna wasn’t a bad person. On the contrary, it was rare to see someone with passion as pure as Anna’s. So Lucia liked Anna. However, she wasn’t one to be tactful with people.

“What is the name of the Duke’s doctor that wants to meet me?”

“...Sir. Philip.”

“Sir?”

“He is titled a baron.”

Could the wandering doctor Philip be the Duke’s doctor? For what reason would the titled doctor of a Duke wander around? The Philip she saw in her dream seemed used to the life of a wanderer. He wasn’t some traveler taking a short trip.

‘Could something have happened to the Duke of Taran at that time?’

In the later part of her life, Lucia lived enclosed from the world. She didn’t know what was going on in the world much less hear news about the high society. It was the most tranquil time of her life in the dream but Lucia suddenly felt angry with herself in the dream. It would have been nice if she lived paying a bit more interest to things around her.

‘Why didn’t he(Hugo) want me to learn of the doctor?’

At most, the man was simply a primary doctor. If Hugo hated the sight of him, he could simple expel the man and never see him again. Why was he going through the complicated process of planting eyes around the doctor?

“This doctor of the Duke, has he worked for the Duke for very long?” (Lucia)

“I hear he’s been the Duke’s doctor in the household for many years.”

Once Lucia heard the words ‘household for many years’, she recalled something Hugo said.

[I can’t tell you everything. These are things I don’t want to reveal even when I die.]

‘The secrets he wants to keep. This doctor...he knows them.’

It was just a feeling. However there was something she didn’t understand. If her guess was really true, the doctor would have already died in Hugo’s hands. The clues on her hands were too little to reach a further conjecture but one thing was certain.

He didn’t want her to meet the doctor. If she wanted to meet the doctor, the best chance would be now that Hugo was absent but her instincts were telling her not to meet the doctor without Hugo knowing.

“I won’t meet this doctor.” (Lucia)

Anna sighed ruefully.

“Anna, as a doctor and as someone of the Duke’s house, you have committed a great blunder. I can forgive the mistake you’ve made as a doctor however, I cannot do so for the mistake you’ve made disobeying the orders of His Grace the Duke. As for your resignation, I will accept it but not right now. We may be going up to the Capital soon so keep it with you until we go to the Capital.”

Lucia then called for Jerome.

“Jerome, today my doctor Anna told me that the Duke’s doctor wished to meet me. However, Jerome has previously cautioned me about this.”

For a moment, Jerome’s sharp gaze went to Anna solemnly standing at the side with her head lowered, then his gaze went back to his Madam.

“Yes, Milady. Master sent down the order.”

“If it is his order, then there is certainly a reason. I have no intention of meeting the Duke’s doctor. And as for this incident, I will personally inform him when he return.”

“Yes, Milady.”

“Anna wanted to offer her resignation but I refused. She will remain as my doctor until we go up to the capital. That is to say, there is no need to interrogate Anna additionally.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Jerome’s attitude was akin to a solemn knight kneeling before his King to receive a command. Jerome always respected the Madam’s wise decisions. There was nothing lacking in the one that reliably held up the House of Taran.

Jerome was really glad to be of service to two respectable masters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (3)

TN: Was going to do “a refresh in 5 minutes for real chapter” but maybe next time

“Welcome, Kate.”

Although Kate was visiting without any prior notice, Lucia greeted her with a light hug and welcomed her in happily. The friendship of the two was as before.

Despite the gap that existed between them as Duchess and daughter of a vassal, both of their personalities were able to destroy those barriers. With Lucia who didn’t assert her authority as Duchess and Kate who was straightforward and didn’t take advantage of her friendship with the Duchess, they simply treated each other as one person to another.

“Do you feel better now?” (Lucia)

“Yes. I have completely recovered so I came to see you.”

Kate had been stuck at home for nearly a month due to a cold fever.

“I wanted to go see you but...I’m sorry.”

Lucia was unable to go because Hugo completely refused to allow it. Even when she tried to explain that it was just a short visit so she wouldn’t catch a fever in that short amount of time, he acted like he wasn’t hearing anything. Rather, using the reason that there was a outbreak of cold fever, he prohibited outings altogether.

“What are you talking about? You did well not coming.”

Kate could only fear for future problems if she had mistakenly passed her sickness on to Lucia. She didn’t wish to incur the anger of the Duke.

On the other hand, Kate was itching to tell Lucia about the changes in northern atmosphere these days. Apart from having a tea party twice or thrice a month, the Duchess had no other official activity and had unknowingly became a big shot in the social circles.

However, although one was a leading figure, one wasn’t in the spotlight.

It was similar to how the Duke of Taran ruled over the north but reigned virtually unseen. Lucia met as many as fifteen people at a time and the small scale tea party alone limited the public’s understanding of her psychology. Her presence was sought at the center of the northern high society more than she could guess.

Kate saw that the northern circle were on the lookout for news on the Duchess and had clamored to her great aunt about informing Lucia but was told off for being too hasty.

Madam Michelle strictly told her that if the Duchess were to hear such words from others before being conscious of her position, it would be difficult for her gauge her surroundings properly.

“His Grace is inspecting the fief?” (Kate)

“Yes. It usually takes around four to five days so he should be back by tomorrow. How is Madam Michelle?”

“Same as usual. The nagging has increased. I’m tired of hearing I should at least resemble half of the Duchess.”

“You know she’s just saying that. One knows how beautiful and charming you are Kate.”

“I think Lucia is much more charming.”

“Thank you.”

Looking at Lucia’s smile as though thanking her for the lip service, Kate didn’t stress that she really thought so. Even if she did, it would just be laughed off as pleasantries.

Every time she saw Lucia, she always felt oddly charmed. Lucia was not a stunning beauty but the more one looked, the more one’s eyes got drawn to her. It wasn’t a luxurious appearance but she herself was like a scent that drew people in. Like filling an enclosed space with flowers, even after all the flowers are removed, the view remained, resonating in one’s memory.

“The weather has gotten warmer so I was thinking of going fox hunting. Let’s go together.” (Kate)

“Is it okay to do that when you’ve just recovered?”

“Sure, there’s no problem. Although, since you don’t have a fox, you can only watch.”

“The experience alone is enough for me.”

Tuuung...

The sound of a horn was heard.

“His Grace must have returned.”

Following those words, Kate began to stand up but was dissuaded by Lucia and sat down again.

“You’re a guest so it’s fine if you’re here. I’ll excuse myself for a bit.”

Lucia left and Kate was all alone in the receiving room so she relaxed comfortably into the sofa. She recalled watching Lucia’s face light up at the sound of the flute and a giggle escaped her mouth. It was a cute sight.

Did she like her husband that much? While talking to Lucia, Kate often saw her become like a shy maiden when it came to her husband. The rumor that the ducal couple had a pretty good marital relationship was very widespread but people were in doubt as they hadn’t seen it personally.

People who saw the Duchess tilted their head and carefully said that the Duchess was not that beautiful for the Duke to fall hard. However, Kate didn’t think one could understand Lucia’s charm after just sitting with her for tea one or two times. Kate could fully understand how the Duke fell for Lucia’s charm.

Around when the tea in her cup got lukewarm, the door opened. Kate turned to look and her eyes widened. A largely built, dark-haired man strode into the room, holding the Duchess by the hand and pulling her in. As soon as the Duchess stepped in, he leaned her onto the closed door and began to kiss her.

‘Wow...’

Unable to even think of turning away from the unexpected situation, Kate stared blankly at the display of affection in front of her. The Duke was conferred his title before Kate made her social debut and during the war, Kate had no chance to see the Duke’s face. After the Duke married and returned to the North some time ago, he had never attended a social gathering, so Kate had never seen the Duke personally.

However, the black-haired man holding and kissing the Duchess could only be the Duke.

‘The ducal couple’s relationship is pretty good?’

The rumor was wrong.

‘I don’t think this counts as just pretty good.’

Kate’s face gradually reddened. It wasn’t a short and refreshing kiss to share the joy of reunion. It was a kiss filled with hot passion and explicit desire to fling off one’s clothes and entangle one’s body with another.

The sofa Kate sat on faced the entrance in a slightly diagonal direction so she could see the face of Lucia leaning on the door. When her eyes widened, her gaze met Lucia’s and as she watched Lucia’s face go bright red, her face flushed red too. In spite of herself, a small laugh escaped her lips and she turned away.

Lucia had forgotten about Kate for a moment and after meeting Kate’s gaze, she could only feel intense embarrassment She knocked on Hugo’s chest as hard as she could and Hugo feeling the fierce rebellion withdrew his tongue from her mouth. He sucked her lips, kissed the side of her mouth then moved away.

“What?” (Hugo)

“Guest...A guest...”

Her amber eyes were filled with embarrassment. Looking at her wet lashes that made it seem like she would tear up, Hugo really wanted to have her on the spot.

‘Can’t we just do it here? I can’t endure till evening.’

He wasn’t able to have her for a few days and his body was going crazy with want. She liked cleanliness so it was rare for her to allow him to have her without washing up and preparing first. She also disliked any location other than the bedroom.

Any attempt to send all the servants away and try it in the hallway or garden was met with rejection. Even when he was working in the office, he didn’t know how many times he’d suppressed to urge to carry her to his table and have his way with her. He certainly wanted to do it someday.

“A guest?”

Hugo repeated after her and turned his head sideways to find a woman sitting on the sofa with her head lowered. But there was no change in his expression. His hand holding Lucia’s waist and hugging her remained as it was.

“Lady Milton...” (Lucia)

“Ah.”

The famous one.

Hugo walked towards the sofa, his hand still on Lucia’s waist and Kate quickly stood up to give a deep bow.

“Greetings to Your Grace the Duke. I am Kate, daughter of Count Milton.”

“Pleased to meet you, Lady Milton. I seem to have interrupted your refreshments.”

He gave Lucia a light kiss.

“Have a nice time.”

He let go of the waist he’d been holding and left the receiving room. He was like a storm that blew in and disappeared as fast as it came. What was left was up to the people inside.

Lucia couldn’t be as shameless as Hugo and act like nothing had happened. She couldn’t hide her embarrassment and stayed silent sipping the cold tea. Like that, the two of them sat there, not saying anything for a while.

“You...you were talking about hunting. When is this?” (Lucia)

“In...five days. I hope you can come.”

Their conversation continued clumsily and somewhat out of place

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 53 [part 2] - < — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (3)

As soon as Jerome heard the meeting was dismissed, he went into the conference room. Hugo sat at the head of the table, looking through documents.

To those new to this, it was a tense atmosphere but to those who busying around their day, it was as always. They all knew that the Duke had the habit of looking through the content of the meetings for around 30 minutes after it was over.

“Your Grace.” (Jerome)

“Mm.”

Hugo responded with a lift of the hand, signaling that he didn’t want tea.

“Fabian is here.”

“Tell him to come here.”

A while later, Fabian came in and turned in his report. Hugo glanced at Fabian and acknowledged him with a nod then took the report. As he was looking through it, he frowned. Why was the Countess of Falcon suddenly approaching his wife’s acquaintance, the novelist?

“...What the hell is this?”

Fabian tensed up at the Duke’s fierce reaction.

“It hasn’t been just once or twice since you’ve come in, yet you only bring this now?”

Fabian swallowed hard. If he didn’t bring it now, he’d really be in big trouble.

“I apologize. It was a lapse in judgement.”

Knowing the nature of his lord, Fabian readily admitted his fault. Several times, he’d witnessed the scene of other people making numerous excuses and having something fly at their head.

Hugo continued reading the report and his expression grew more and more vicious. The additional report included that the Countess of Falcon had done a background check on Princess Vivian.

Due to lack of time, it was still under investigation as to how the Countess of Falcon tracked down the relationship between the female novelist and Princess Vivian.

“A background check?”

Hearing the Duke’s tone laced with threat, Fabian broke out in cold sweat.

“Who is in charge of investments? Send him in.”

A while later, Ashin came in. Ashin wasn’t the person in charge to be exact but he was in a position to understand the flow of investments and bookkeeping so he came in on behalf of the person who was absent today.

“Have we invested in any high market or business owned by Count Falcon?”

Hugo remembered asking the person in charge to review a business plan passed to him by the Countess of Falcon. If the plan was judged to be profitable, the person in charge was responsible for deciding whether to invest. Normally, Hugo left matters concerning investments to the manager and unless there was a loss reported, he didn’t get involved.

Ashin quickly combed through the documents he brought in and found the related document.

“Withdraw all investments. Immediately.” (Hugo)

“Do you mean...right away? At least a month’s notice in advance...” (Ashin)

“Right. Now.”

Hugo cracked his knuckles in emphasis and Ashin straightened up.

“Yes, sir. I’ll deal with it right away.”

After Ashin left the room with careful steps, Hugo commanded the nervous Fabian.

“Send down this warning. If such nonsense is ever repeated, it’ll be one’s head next time.”

Withdrawing investments and even sending a threat. For the first time, Fabian found the Countess of Falcon slightly pitiful. The Taran Family invested on quite the huge scale so to suddenly lose such a large amount of money, Count Falcon’s businesses would be shaken.

Still, to a woman he once shared intimacy with, it was truly ruthless. The Duke of Taran wasn’t one to pursue an investment turnover unless a loss had been suffered so it was Fabian’s first time seeing the Duke withdraw an investment for emotional reasons.

‘Should I ingratiate myself to the Duchess a little?’

Fabian revised his thoughts that the Duke was just having fun and fascinated with being a newlywed. This wasn’t just fascination, it was more like his lord had fallen for his wife.

***

After dinner, Lucia asked Hugo to give her some of his time. They went to the receiving room and sat facing each other.

“When you were absent, I was told the Duke’s doctor wanted to meet me.” (Lucia)

Hugo’s expression instantly froze over. He had definitely ordered that she was not to learn of the old man’s very existence. This was the first time Jerome hadn’t fulfilled his orders.

Feeling his master’s gaze on him, Jerome lowered his head with a stiff expression.

“Don’t be angry with him. My doctor is the one who disobeyed your orders. It seems my doctor met your doctor while looking for a cure all over and asked him for advice. I hear you called my doctor once a week to ask about the treatment so I think the pressure on her should have been considerable.”

Lucia hadn’t known he’d been calling Anna to ask about the treatment. She thought he had already forgotten about it and the fact that he’d been constantly asking about it made her feel thankful. But she could also understand how much of a mental burden it could have placed on Anna.

“Anna, my doctor, will be resigning. I hope you don’t punish her additionally.”

Lucia thought highly of Anna’s efforts. The woman went beyond her role as a primary doctor and did her best to treat Lucia. She did all the work Lucia had done in the dream. She found Philip whom Lucia had miraculously met in the dream.

She met the Duke’s doctor and after constantly interacting with him, she grasped his personality and medical skills before asking for advice, and then when she received the medicine, she personally tried it on herself. Hence, the cure was found as a result of Anna’s efforts.

However, Anna was rash. It was fortunate that Lucia knew what medicine it was or else she would have taken a drug with unknown ingredients. It didn’t matter whether the drug was the real cure or not.

Anna seemed unaware of how much of a mistake she’d made. If Jerome knew about this, he would definitely tell her husband and once her husband knew, Anna’s life was forfeit.

Anna’s arbitrary decision happened because of her heartfelt care so Lucia didn’t want the woman to be charged of a crime to that extent and decided to keep the matter between herself and Anna alone.

“Alright.” (Hugo)

“My doctor seemed confident that your doctor knows the cure.” (Lucia)

“...I see.”

Hugo acknowledged that the old man had remarkable medical skill. If it was the old man, it wasn’t strange that he knew the cure.

“Could that fellow have used your doctor to try and meet you?” (Hugo)

Putting Philip’s medical skill aside, Hugo couldn’t believe the man himself.

“No. My doctor said she actively arranged for it. I was told your doctor didn’t want to reveal himself until the end.”

Anna put on the blame on herself as much as possible and covered for Philip. She didn’t want to implicate Philip who was already under surveillance and to Anna, Philip was a teacher close to her heart and a genuinely true person.

“Jerome.”

Hugo made an eye gesture, signaling for Jerome to leave and Jerome bowed his head in response and exited the room.

“There is a reason I took action to prevent you from meeting my doctor.”

The old man couldn’t do anything to her nor was there any reason for him to harm her. What the old man obsessively desired from Hugo was a daughter, that is, a bride for Damian and she couldn’t have a child of Taran blood.

Hugo was simply worried about what kind of nonsense the old man might say to her so he kept her away.

“Ah, yes. You wouldn’t do it for no reason.” (Lucia)

“If you want to meet him, it’s okay if you do so while I’m there.”

If the three of them met him together, the old man wouldn’t be able to say stupid things. Hugo didn’t want to see the old man again but if the man knew the cure, it couldn’t be helped.

Translator’s Corner:

*Just in case: I didn’t mistranslate Countess of Falcon to Count of Falcon. The business is indeed owned by the late(?) Count Falcon or I guess you could say it’s under his name.

*Lol at Fabian.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (4)

TN: Vision = secret manual.

Hugo hated that she was sick. People opened their mouths left and right, telling him her condition wasn’t normal. Like a parrot, the only thing the doctor Anna said was that she was looking for a cure. Indeed, the old man’s medical skills seemed to be different from other people.

“I have no intention of meeting this doctor. Not only do you dislike the idea of me meeting him, you also don’t want to either. Am I right?” (Lucia)

“...You’re right.”

“Could this doctor have harmed you in the past? Is there a reason to have someone you dislike so much around you?”

There were several complicated reasons why Hugo kept Philip alive. The biggest reason was that he owed him his brother’s life.

“I owe him a life. My brother survived several times thanks to him.”

Of course, there was a secondary reason. Philip knew all of the dirty laundry of the Taran Family. The existence of Philip made Hugo not forget the darkness he had inside. Until the day Philip died, Hugo had to live with the discomfort of his soles treading on sand.

Hugo put up with this as punishment towards himself and atonement towards his late brother. However, no matter the reason, if Philip was ever judged to be dangerous, Hugo would not hesitate to eliminate him.

However, for now, to him, the old man was nothing more than a mere doctor. When the old man opened his mouth, he was infuriating with his ‘bloodline this’ and ‘bloodline that’ but the old man was truly acting according to the will of the late Duke, and as his family had done for generations.

When it came to continuing the lineage, as long as Hugo didn’t cooperate, that was the end of that. And as for meeting Damian, Hugo had completely blocked off that path. So in the end, the old man was just clinging to life.

“I see.” (Lucia)

Lucia’s doubts were dispelled and she felt reassured. The benefactor from her dream was not a bad person.

“But you said he knows the cure.” (Hugo)

“Yes, but you do not trust this doctor. Will you able to trust him with my treatment?”

“...”

An old man who was nothing more than a mere doctor. Even though Hugo belittled Philip this way, he still felt somewhat uneasy. He wouldn’t be relieved at all if he left his wife’s treatment in the old man’s hands. But Philip’s medical skills were true. The old man wasn’t one to say he could treat something when he couldn’t.

“To be honest, I know the cure.” (Lucia)

“What?”

“Well, I missed the chance to tell you at first. And after that I was angry at you telling me to treat it at all costs so I didn’t tell you. What I mean is, I don’t need the doctor’s help.”

“...”

Hugo felt both relieved and absurd. His feelings were complicated. The more he knew about her, the more mysterious she felt. His wife was mild and gentle. But at unexpected times, she broke off that mold and threw him off balance.

“I am not sick. I have no problem in my daily life and my health is fine. I can treat it at any time and not treating it is of my own will.”

“Is it because of me? Because I said I don’t want a child...”

“I understand where you’re coming from. So it’s fine. We can take our time and think it over. If you don’t want to then I don’t want to either. But I won’t treat it without telling you first.”

‘But...your body isn’t the problem.’

Hugo couldn’t bring himself to tell her she couldn’t have a child.

‘If she knows, she might leave me.’

He felt like he was slowly sinking into a muddy pit with depths unknown.

‘Why was I born with this body?’

Until now, he had thought it was fortunate that he couldn’t leave a descendant behind. But now, he realized it was a curse. A curse that did not allow him to have a normal family with the woman he loved like other people could.

He recalled the face of his brother telling him that there was a woman he wanted to marry. If his brother knew his son was born, would be still be happy after learning the secrets behind his son’s birth?

He would. If it was his brother, he would accept it and think only of the happiness in the future.

Rather, Hugo envied his brother. The guy fell in love without knowing it was his stepsister and died without knowing till the end. If he had to perform the sickening act of feeding his blood to someone else, Hugo didn’t want a child. He felt like the moment he did that, he would really become a monster.

It was already too late to use this method with her anyways but even if he could, he didn’t want to.

“You can do as you like.” (Hugo)

Her treatment was completely out of his hands. Hugo couldn’t tell her to treat it or not treat it. He didn’t want to give her hope of getting pregnant by telling her to treat it, and he didn’t want her to think he was against having children by telling her not to treat it.

“Come here.”

Hugo spread his arms. Lucia gave a small laugh and stood up from the sofa to walk towards him. When she got within his reach, he pulled her into his embrace.

She fell onto his legs with a thump and Hugo wrapped his arms around her waist and nuzzled his head in her ample breasts.

“Anything else happen?” (Hugo)

“No. Ah...there was a letter from Damian.”

“...A letter comes every day.”

“It’s not every day. It’s once or twice a month.”

Once Damian became the topic of conversation, Lucia’s eyes began to twinkle. Hugo was still not pleased by her excessive attention to the boy. But as time passed, he became more understanding of their mother-son bond and was more forgiving.

“What did the boy say?”

“He said he’s doing well.”

Lucia began to bombard him with details of Damian’s Academy life that she’d read from the letter. Hugo chuckled as he remembered the report he received some time ago. It said that the boy wore the red scarf she sent him every day until the weather got warmer.

“You said that when you saw Damian for the first time, you felt like you were seeing me, right?”

“Yes. It felt like I was seeing you as a child.”

Her as a child. How would it feel to see a little child that was the very painting of her childhood? How would a child without evidence of his cursed blood, without black hair or red eyes, look? Hugo’s chest tightened.

He could give her an abundance of wealth and power but he couldn’t give her a child. What if this hurt her later on? What could he do if she implored him to have a child? Hugo felt as though he was wandering an eternal maze with no way to get out.

Translator’s Corner:

* Dirty laundry = dirty secrets.

*Oh and uh...you guys are going to love/hate the next part...

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 54 [part 2] - < — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Taran Duke’s Family Doctor — > (4)

“Anna, your employment contract has been terminated. You will be given a temporary employment contract for the time being.”

Jerome’s tone had a certain edge to it. Anna replied weakly and looked through the document on the table one by one. She then signed a lifelong confidentiality agreement to keep the events from her time as doctor a secret.

“You have broken our trust. You will not be allowed to go out until your temporary employment is over and contact will be limited to a minimal amount of people. You are forbidden from meeting the doctor.”

“...Yes.”

“Even after your employment period is over, you will be watched to see who you meet with. This will last until we are sure that you will adhere strictly to the contract of confidentiality you have signed. I suggest you don’t act in any manner that would create doubts.”

Living under surveillance with no known end. Anna realized how much of a mistake she’d made. Until she came to the Ducal House, she had little to no experience with treating nobles. She had no idea of the rules of the noble world and the habits of those living in it.

When she lived under the Duke, no one dared to treat her carelessly. They were all amicable and a few of her superiors treated her with respect. But she didn’t conduct herself cautiously as a noble’s doctor and was complacent. She would probably find out later, just how much she had been treated with generosity and humanely.

“If possible, can I meet Sir Philip one last time? He has taught me a lot. I would like to give him my last greetings.”

“I will ask Master.”

***

Philip knew something had gone wrong when Anna didn’t contact him for a day, and when she didn’t find him till the Duke returned, he knew it had completely gone astray.

When one looked at the Duchess’ current situation, one could assume that the Duchess would be desperate for a child. Hence, Philip thought that if the Duchess knew there was a cure, she would jump at the opportunity.

He couldn’t tell where things started to go wrong. Anna came to see him about ten days after the Duke returned, looking rather crest fallen.

“Milady refused to meet you, Philip. By now, his Grace the Duke has probably heard of the situation and knows everything. Don’t worry. I explained it well.”

A failure. Philip had already guessed so but when it was confirmed, he became frustrated. How come? How could he stop here when his goal was right in front of him?However his face did not reveal any of his internal anxiety.

“Anna, you are going through such a hard time because of me.”

“No. I was the one who was thoughtless. Sir Philip and I cannot meet anymore. I will also be quitting my post very soon.”

“Oh? Then Anna is receiving all the punishment from this. I feel bad, this happened because of me.”

‘This is the worst.’

To think Anna would be resigning as from her post as doctor. That meant his access to the Duke would be completely gone.

“It is a position more than I deserved. Everything is going back as it was.”

“When you told the Madam, you should not have said I was the Duke’s doctor. If his Grace the Duke says not to meet, the Duchess cannot readily agree to do so.”

“One cannot meet you and avoid the eyes watching you anyways.”

“Well, that is true.”

Philip appeared outwardly convinced but inwardly he clicked his tongue. What an inflexible woman. Because there were eyes on him, the best chance was when the Duke of Taran was absent. If the Duchess was firmly decided on seeing Philip, no one other than the Duke of Taran had the authority to stop it.

Of course, the Duke would hear of it later but if it means he could talk to the Duchess, Philip would do whatever he could.

“So, what do plan to do after quitting? If you quit, even to the Ducal House it’s a great loss of talent.” (Philip)

“Talent you say. I couldn’t find a cure for Milady and did nothing but prescribe headache medicine once or twice a month. On the contrary, I was over compensated.”

“...Headache?”

Philip’s eyes lit up momentarily.

“Migraines, it’s a common symptom among women.”

“Ah yes. It is a common symptom among women indeed.”

A touch of madness appeared in Philip’s eyes but disappeared as fast as it came. Anna didn’t discover anything.

“I know a very good prescription for headache. Perhaps you can call it compensation but I give it as a gift. The effect is really good.” (Philip)

“Isn’t that also part of your family’s vison? Such a precious thing...”

“I have no intention of making a living through medicine but Anna cannot live like me. If a good medicine can be of use to many people then it’s a good thing.”

“Ah. Philip. Thank you so much. Even till the end, you take care of me.”

“The prescription will be sent down in a few days. This time, the prescription will have all the herbs listed so you don’t have to worry about that part.”

Anna went back and a small smile spread across his lips as he mumbled to himself.

“Well then, shall I make a drug for headache?”

Never losing sight of even the smallest chance. This was Philip’s way of life.

Philip never did anything that would cause people to be suspicious of him. If he seemed even the slightest bit dangerous, the Duke of Taran would not have spared his life. The Philip that the Taran Duke knew was merely a stubborn and foolish old doctor.

The allied relationship between the Taran family and Philip’s family was a relationship at knife’s-edge. So the method of survival Philip chose was to lower himself.

Without Philip’s family, the Taran bloodline could not continue but Philip never tried to use that fact. The alliance between the two families could only last in the past because their interests aligned.

For generations, many lunatics headed the Taran family. Most seemed fine on the outside but inwardly they had a few screws lose. The late Duke was also something else. The only way Philip survived was by humoring the late Duke’s feelings. Compared to the late Duke, the current Taran Duke’s nature was rather clean.

The medicine to neutralize the mugwort’s efficacy was a final product made through repeated experiments filled with trial and error. The small treatments used before the final result were all written down in the notebook passed down from generation to generation.

‘Since the Duchess knows the vanilla scent...it has to be removed.’

Of course, the efficacy would fall. It would also take twice as much to neutralize the mugwort’s efficacy in one to three years and the possibility of pregnancy would also fall significantly. The rest was up to the heavens.

However, the heavens had never betrayed Philip before. It wasn’t a lie to say he knew a very effective medicine for headache. There was certainly such a medicine in his family’s vision.

All he had to do was make a new drug by mixing the prescription of the headache medicine and that of the neutralizing medicine. It may take some time but his talent in medicine was acknowledged by even his late father who was stingy with praise.

***

Sometime later, Anna got her hands on the prescription for the headache medicine. Philip left Roam not long after she received it. As always, the eyes watching Philip followed him till he had completely left the city of Roam then they withdrew their surveillance.

Anna looked at the prescription in wonder.

“So one could combine herbs this way. How revolutionary.”

She tested it on herself when she got a headache. The effect was beyond expectations. Usually when one took medicine for headache, the feeling of heaviness in one’s head would continue for a short while but when she took this medicine, her head felt clear and light like waking up in the morning after a refreshing sleep.

Anna began prescribing the medicine to women in the castle that complained of headaches and their reaction was no different from Anna’s. Sometimes the women that suffered from frequent migraines would flock to Anna to ask for a month’s worth of medicine.

When Lucia called Anna in for a headache, Anna brought in the new drug.

“Anna, the medicine this time works really well.”

As Lucia’s periodic migraines tended to increase her irritability, Lucia truly admired the quick calming effect of the medicine.

“If you like it, I can make a sufficient amount before I leave.”

“I’d appreciate that.”

Translator’s Corner:

*Do I want to strangle a certain someone? Why, yes I do.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 [part 1] - < — To the Capital — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Spring passed and summer arrived. It was the second summer to greet Lucia in her stay at Roam.

Day to day was peaceful and calm. Yesterday was like today, and today led to a tomorrow-like-today.

In this summer, the heat was in full swing and while they were having dinner at the end of a peaceful day, Hugo began to speak.

“His Majesty has passed away. Prepare to go up to the Capital.”

Lucia involuntarily dropped the fork in her hand. She had completely forgotten.

‘No. I might have subconsciously wanted to forget.’

Deep inside, she might have desired to shove everything away and live in this bubble, no matter what happened in the world.

“Are you okay?”

“...Yes. I was a little surprised. Since it was so sudden.”

Lucia was not surprised at the death of her father. The paused hand of the clock had begun to rotate again. From now on, the hectic future she saw in her dream would begin to unfold. Lucia didn’t know that she would dread it this much.

The Queen was incapable of having children. In other words, all of the King’s children were illegitimate. Hence, no one could argue legitimacy and anyone could become the Crowned Prince.

The King had as many as twenty sons but when the King passed away, only five of these princes were alive, including the Crown prince. In contrast to this, the King’s twenty-six princesses were mostly alive.

The princesses were able to survive as they had no rights to the throne but on the other hand, the princes had to kill each other to get closer to the throne. While Lucia led a calm life in her small detached palace, a bloody battle raged in the courts.

In the midst of this, the Crowned Prince admirably emerged as victor but even so, he couldn’t completely overpower the other competitors. In order to keep them in check, the Crown Prince needed to strengthen his forces and for that, he needed the Duke of Taran.

The final winner was the Crown Prince. And at his vanguard, the Duke of Taran.

Lucia didn’t know the details of the complicated political struggle but she could guess that Hugo would be getting very busy in the future. He was definitely not idle in the fief but what he had to deal with was relatively simple.

He had meetings, monitored the territory and went on inspections from time to time. The people he met were limited and his actions could be predicted to an extent.

Unlike what Lucia prepared herself for, he had been a faithful husband. Perhaps the northern customs and manners had influenced him. The customs of the northern people differed from that of the Capital’s in many ways.

The liberal tendencies of unmarried men and women were the same but in the north, one was mostly faithful to one’s spouse after marriage. However, there were many things that would tempt him if he went up to the Capital.

Xenon was a country with liberal sexual customs. In particular, the Capital was the most open. Even after one was married, there was no obstruction.

Regardless of the fact that he was a married man, the capital was overflowing with girls ready to throw themselves at him. Lucia felt uneasy. There were too many variables in the Capital.

‘He might grow cold if we go up to the Capital. There are so many beautiful women...’

“...it. Are you listening?”

“Huh?”

Lucia was startled out of her wits and dropped the knife in her hand this time.

“Are you really okay?”

“Ah...yes. I’m sorry. I was thinking about something else...”

“Something else?”

“Ah...the suddenness. I was wondering if Majesty’s health was not as good as it used to be.”

“I heard it was not usually good. Against the advice of the court, he didn’t refrain from excessive carnal pleasures and alcoholism.”

This was her first time getting an insight into the personality of the King. She felt embarrassed, as if her dirty linen was being exposed to her husband. Her father brought death upon himself with his debauchery.

Just like in the dream, Lucia’s relationship with her father did not improve at all but she felt no regret.

“When will you be going?” (Lucia)

“I plan to leave first thing at dawn. I have to hurry, so I cannot go with you. Be careful on the way, my wife.”

“Alright. I will leave as soon as I’m ready.”

When they finished dinner, Hugo took her hand and they walked out of the dining room. The servants were momentarily dazed because their eyes were trained on their masters but afterwards they outright ignored it. The servants had grown accustomed to the generous skinship of the ducal couple so, if it was to this extent they didn’t give it another glance.

Lucia suddenly felt somewhat embarrassed. She thought they were going to the garden but he took her to the terrace and hugged her tightly. She returned the hug, wrapping her arms around his back.

“Hugh? Why all of a sudden...”

“You don’t like this in front of the servants.”

“...”

If he knew she didn’t like it, it would be better if he didn’t grab her hand without notice or kiss her cheek where people could see.

The nice feeling of hugging him was short-lived. It was summer after all.

“It’s hot.”

Hugo sighed and released her.

“Can’t you just endure a little longer without screaming, ‘it’s hot’?”

“But it is hot.”

“What a cool-headed woman.”

He grumbled and she burst out laughing. He watched her with a gentle gaze then pulled her by the waist and kissed her on the cheek.

“Why were you so distracted during dinner? Is something wrong?”

“No, just...felt a little complicated. Thinking of leaving this place made me sad.”

“Do you want to stay back instead?”

His words were very tempting. If she really could, it would be nice.

“Don’t be ridiculous. There are so many things you have to do when you get to the capital. You said you asked His Highness the Crown Prince to help with Damian’s matter.”

“You sound like you’re saying I should go and work because of the boy.”

“It’s only natural for a father to do something for his son.”

“Will the boy even know of my troubles later?”

“Of course. Damian is not an ignorant child.”

‘Even so, the boy is still chasing you all over the place’, Hugo muttered to himself. These days, Hugo had been curious about the contents of Damian’s letters and when he finally took one to read, the contents made his lips twitch. It was a basically report on everything that had occurred from morning till night.

“Is all well with Damian?” (Lucia)

“He keeps you updated, doesn’t he?”

“There must be some news you’ve gotten lately.”

Just as before, Damian lived in the Academy without revealing his identity. ‘Shita’ was not a position anyone could get with just skills alone. A good background was also needed. However, there was still a lot of time so Hugo was just watching the situation unfold. He had no intention of interfering in a matter of accommodation.

Boys had to be brought up powerfully. Perhaps because Damian was young, with uncertain status, outstanding skill and an unfriendly personality, there were many greedy people around him. There were also troublemakers looking for fights and these would only increase as the boy grew older. The boy had to capable of dealing with all of this.

“He’s doing well, of course.”

A few days ago, some troublemakers picked a fight with Damian. There were many opponents so a few blows were exchanged but that wasn’t the problem as far as Hugo was concerned. Nothing was broken nor was he crippled.

‘No matter how many opponents, to be hit by such lousy kids is just...’

Hugo was unsatisfied. Sure enough, Damian was his brother’s son. If it was him, he would have gotten rid of those fools without anyone knowing. When he told Damian, ‘don’t kill people at the Academy’, he meant ‘it is troublesome to take care of, so deal with it inconspicuously’. The boy didn’t seem to have understood him properly.

“Enough about the boy, be careful on your way. And be careful of the heat while you’re in the carriage.”

“There are many people to take care of me so why worry.”

Lucia leaned her head on his wide chest. As time went by, his affection grew more romantic. She could guess that he liked her to a considerable degree. But despite that, her uneasiness did not decrease.

The capital was filled with his past lovers, seductive beauties that fell for his charm, and even the woman that was his wife in the dream. There was no room for her feet(1).

‘I’m afraid you’ll leave me.’

Lucia had thought that it would be fine as long as she loved him. She had thought that she could stand in the center and love without reliance or burden. But now, she could only wonder if such a love exists.

She was gradually waking up to her arrogance. Perhaps it may exist somewhere but such a love was impossible for her.

Translator’s Corner:

It means it’s very crowded.

*’Sitha’ is changed to ‘Shita’

THIS IS A DOUBLE RELEASE

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 55 [part 2] - < — To the Capital — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — To the Capital — > (1)

Lucia sat in the study reading a book then closed the book and stood up as she could no longer endure the stabbing pain in her stomach. For a while now, she felt a stifling ache inside.

Even during dinner, it was hard for the food to go down her throat. In any case, her stomach seemed to be disagreeing with her so she called for a maid.

“Bring me medicine for indigestion.”

Digestion medicine was a household medicine so there was no need to go out of the way to call a doctor. However, even after taking the medicine for indigestion, she still felt nauseous. After writhing in pain and finally throwing up, she felt much better.

“Milady, are you okay?”

“Yes. I feel much better after emptying my stomach.”

Hugo was busy preparing to leave on the morrow so Lucia sent word that she would be sleeping first. There was a lot to prepare and pack up for tomorrow so she decided to go to bed early.

***

Hugo left his office when it was almost midnight. As he was suddenly going up to the capital, he had to a lot to work to finish up. There was no end to his work but since he had to ride to the capital at daybreak, he had to get some sleep.

‘Why did he have to die in a summer like this?’

What was worse than the hot weather was his worry than a long carriage journey in this hot weather could ruin her health.

‘Couldn’t he have lived one more year before dying? That old fool. He should have thought of his health and played in moderation.’

It was a shameful death that made people speechless. Dying in the summer and now of all times. Hugo could only feel dissatisfied. To some extent, Hugo was beginning to settle into life in the north.

Once he went up to the Capital, he didn’t know when he would be able to focus on the north again. If he just let things be, he would end up with idiots that try to do the exact same thing like the idiots he killed last time.

Well, it was good either ways. If that happened, he could just kill them too. His worry was more on the variables that would appear once he went up to the capital.

He wouldn’t be able to keep his wife within his fences anymore. The mere thought of rogues approaching her made his head hurt. He hadn’t gotten her heart or even her childhood name yet.

He quickly finished his distracted bath and went into her bedroom as usual. He saw her figure lying on the bed and moved to lie down next to her. He was about to take her into his arms when he heard a feeble moan. It was a small sound of distress.

He sprang to his feet and turned on the lights in the room.

“Vivian?”

He raised up the thin blanket and turned her body over to face him. Her body felt hot to the touch. He placed a palm on her forehead and felt her forehead clammy with sweat and her body burning with a fever. He immediately pulled on the rope to call the maid.

“Vivian.”

He called her name several times and patted her cheek lightly but there was no response at all. Flustered, he lifted her from her waist and took her into his arms. Feeling her body sink down powerlessly, Hugo was filled with terror.

“Vivian!”

Feeling the maid come in, Hugo didn’t bother to look and just yelled frantically.

“Call the doctor!”

“Yes...Yes!”

The maid took off in a hurry. Those deeply asleep in the castle were rudely awakened by the fiery tempo.

Hugo placed the cold towel on her forehead and the maid responsible for waiting on the Duchess sat on her knees beneath the bed. Hugo interrogated the maid and the maid explained the condition of the madam from around dinner with all her might.

“After dinner, Milady threw up everything and said she would be going to sleeping early.”

“You should have called a doctor then. Is this how you serve your madam?”

“I-I am sorry.”

The Duke’s fierce rebuke and frigid tone chilled the maid to the bones. The maid’s voice trembled pitifully. It wasn’t just her voice but her entire body was trembling.

Anna, who had run all the way from her bed, came into the bedroom. She immediately got down the symptoms from the maid.

“Milady has to regain consciousness before she can take medicine. One has to wipe her down with a towel to bring down the fever.”

“She was fine until after dinner.” (Hugo)

“It seems to be acute indigestion.” (Anna)

“If it’s indigestion, why this sort of fever?”

“Indigestion can cause the body to ache as well as high fever.”

Anna turned to the maid.

“Did Milady complain of a headache?”

“A headache...? No, she did not.” (Maid)

“Does indigestion cause headaches too?” (Hugo)

“Milady has frequent migraines so I’m just confirming.”

“...Migraines?”

In an instant, the atmosphere turned prickly. Anna flinched.

“What do you mean frequent? How often?”

“...About once or twice a month. Milady was given medicine whenever she suffered from migraines.”

“This is new to me. Why don’t I know about this?”

“Milady said there was no need to inform Your Grace as it is a common ailment suffered by many.”

“When did this symptom start?”

“Milady said she often had headaches since she was a child. You don’t have to worry too much, Your Grace. Migraine is a common condition and Milady’s migraines are not on the harsher side.”

Anna’s explanation did not do much to change the atmosphere. The Duke’s silence was frightening.

Around when Anna began to break out in cold sweat, maids came in with a large pail of water and dozens of towels.

“All of you withdraw. I’ll do it myself.” (Hugo)

Hugo lay Lucia down on the bed and removed her nightwear. He dipped the towel in water, squeezed then proceeded to carefully wipe down her sweat-filled body. Her entire body was feverish and the every part he touched felt hot enough to burn.

‘How did you get such a high fever?’

Hugo knew that the prolonged state of unconsciousness while burning with a high fever was dangerous.

‘Migraines, huh?’

According to the doctor, it was a common symptom and nothing to be worried about. But Hugo was angry that he didn’t know about this ‘nothing to be worried about’ symptom.

Every time this happened, Hugo felt like there was an unbreakable wall between them. He hoped that one day, she would open her heart to him but waiting for that day was tedious.

He suppressed his irritation and anxiousness and continued to change the towels to cool down her body.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 [part 1] - < — To the Capital — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — To the Capital — > (2)

‘Refreshing...’

Lucia felt as though she was trapped in a burning fire and couldn’t breather then a careful touch began to sweep over her body and little by little, she was able to breathe again.

Gradually, her consciousness returned and she slowly opened her eyes. She could see him but she couldn’t tell if it was a dream or reality.

“Vivian.”

He called her name, a sense of urgency in his voice.

“...Hugh.”

When she heard his voice, Lucia suddenly felt emotional. She stretched out her hand as though to grab him.

“Haa...”

Hugo gave a huge sigh of relief. He lifted the thin blanket to cover her then took her hand and pressed his lips to the back of her hand.

He gathered her hair, dampened with sweat, and brushed it then he wiped down her forehead with a towel. Seeing his eyes filled with worry, Lucia felt sick to her stomach. It wasn’t just because of the indigestion. It was the first time since her mother died that someone was taking care of her when she was sick and in difficulty.

Tears welled up in her eyes and began to fall. Hugo’s expression hardened at this sight.

“Is anyone there! Where is the doctor!”

Seeing as he’d forgotten about using the rope to call and was screaming, Lucia squeezed his hand.

‘It will be fine.’

For some reason, this thought crossed her mind. The thought that it would be fine even if they went to the Capital. It was a vague belief that this peace and happiness would not be broken.

“Hugh. If we go to the capital, will you be unfaithful?”

“...What?”

‘She must really be in a lot of pain,’ Hugo thought and at the same time, the realization that she didn’t trust him at all made him feel powerless. In her mind, he was still far from reliable.

“I will never do that.” (Hugo)

Lucia watched him quietly then gave a small laugh.

“Then it’s fine.”

‘I’ll trust you.’

Even if he got another woman, he wasn’t one to deceive and hide in secret while cheating. He would rather say it out squarely.

‘After all, he can’t lie well.’

Lucia had seen him get thrown off guard and looking embarrassed several times. When he gave orders to the servants, there was nothing stopping him from lying so she thought that lying was probably his weak spot.

‘But, in the Capital’s political struggle, lying is essential. Will he be okay?”

Hugo’s cold mask only broke down in front of Lucia. She was worrying about something that didn’t need worrying. Lucia seemed to have already forgotten the Hugo she saw in her dream and the Hugo from before their marriage.

‘What the heck does ‘then it’s fine’ mean? Fine? What’s fine?’

Hugo wanted to shake her and ask her what she was thinking about. Just then, Anna came in and while she exchanged questions and answers with Lucia about her symptoms, Hugo sorted out his complicated feelings.

Was she always so difficult? He really didn’t know. In the past, he used to think that once he gave women jewelry, everything would be solved. Until now, nothing had ever given him so much trouble.

“I will prescribe digestive medicine to calm your nausea. Once you take it and sleep well, you should be fine.”

While waiting for the medicine to be brought, Hugo continued to wipe off the sweat on her forehead. The high fever had still not reduced and her breathing was still uneven. Hugo couldn’t make a sick person talk for too long so he shoved his wandering thoughts away for the moment.

“Why are you so foolish? If you were sick, you should have called someone.”

“I thought it would be fine.”

“It could have been a disaster. You lost consciousness.”

“Is it dawn? What do we do? You have to leave early but you haven’t gotten much sleep.”

“That’s not the problem now.”

Hugo lowered his voice as much as possible and tried not to get angry at her. She had done nothing wrong to make him angry. It was merely his heart that felt sad.

“I hear you’re often sick.”

“I am?”

“The headaches.”

“Ah...that’s just a common thing.”

“Can’t it be cured completely?”

Lucic chuckled softly.

“When you say it like that, it sounds like a fatal illness. It’s not serious. It’s similar to someone who has frequent stomachaches. It can’t be helped.”

“Serious or not, I hate when you’re sick.”

“I’ll be careful not to fall sick.”

“That’s not what I mean....don’t hide it from me when you’re sick or in pain. As your husband, I deserve to know that much.”

“Okay, I won’t.”

The maid soon came in with the medicine. Hugo held her to his chest and fed her the medicine then helped her change into new set of dry clothing. Not long after taking the medicine, Lucia fell asleep. With that, it was assumed that the sudden turmoil of the night was over.

Before daybreak, Lucia’s temperature began to rise again. She threw everything up including the medicine and her temperature repeatedly rose up and down. Hugo stayed up all night trying to bring down her fever.

Hugo expressed his anger to Anna who was called for the second time.

“Didn’t you say it was indigestion? What is this! She can’t even keep the medicine down!”

If the northern nobles saw this, they would recall the rumor that the Duke of Taran turned into a flaming dragon when angry. Facing the Duke’s anger for the first time, Anna was so nervous that her fingers went numb. She realized that it was a blessing that only she and the Madam knew of her offering Sir Philip’s remedy without knowing the components. Anna instinctive felt that if the Duke knew, she would lose her head.

“I-I think Milady’s stomach is very upset. By any chance, has Milady been shocked or greatly surprised recently? If there are addition psychological factors, indigestion can worsen.”

Hugo frowned and sank into thought. Apart from hearing of the King’s death, there was nothing different from usual.

‘So, she was shocked because the King died?’

Since Hugo had no affection for his father, he overlooked the feelings normal people would have towards the death of their parent.

She frequently talked about her mother but never really mentioned her father so Hugo was even forgetting that the King was her father. Still, since they were flesh and blood, so perhaps there were some unspoken left over feelings.

He wasn’t being considerate when he passed on the news. Hugo felt angry at his lack of sensitivity.

***

Lucia threw up everything she ate and she could only take in barely tea for two whole days then on the third day, she was finally able to take some watered down food. She ate about half of the rice porridge before leaning back on the bed and closing her eyes.

‘I must have been too worried about going up to the capital.’

It was her first time have such a terrible case of indigestion. She felt a cool hand on her forehead and opened her eyes. He was by her side.

“...The fever seems to have gone down a little now.”

He pushed back his plans to go to the capital and had stuck beside her the whole time. Lucia felt sorry, thankful and worried that it might affect his work.

“I’m really okay now.”

Hugo frowned slightly. The words ‘I’m okay’ seemed sewn to her mouth. She was sick so he didn’t want to make her to feel uncomfortable. he took a deep breath and calmed himself.

“I heard you had a little porridge. Do you feel okay?”

“Yes, it seems to be digesting now. I don’t feel nauseous.”

“Are uncomfortable anywhere? You couldn’t eat well for a while, do you feel dizzy?”

“I won’t die if I don’t eat for a few days. My stomach was just a little upset.”

“It’s not only fatal illnesses that are illnesses.”

Even when she was sick, she didn’t desire anything. Even though she was sick enough to throw up everything she ate and her fever was high enough to scare him, she didn’t even say she was hurting.

Every time he saw her pale complexion, she would repeatedly ask him when he would be going up to the capital. And several times he wanted to reply with, ‘you’re really harsh’ but he swallowed those words down.

‘Do I really seem that unreliable?’

He felt anxious as he stayed by her side and watched over her.

“I think I have to go to the capital now.”

The urgency has now reached its limit. The Crown Prince had been sending letters but finally couldn’t contain himself and sent a messenger who arrived this morning. At least until the national funeral was over, Hugo had to be in the capital.

The fact that he had to leave while she was sick was very annoying but he couldn’t make the excuse that his wife was sick. To put in bluntly, she wasn’t terminally ill so he couldn’t.

“I’m fine. You have to go, don’t you?”

Seeing her weak but pure smile, his chest felt numb. His wife didn’t give him any trouble at all. But he hoped that she would trouble him. If she held onto him and told him not to go, he would chuck it all and stay by her side. His woman was lying sick in bed so who cared whether the king died.

“Get some rest. Don’t think about anything else. Take your medicine and don’t skip your meals.”

“Your nagging has increased.”

“If you don’t like it, don’t make me worry.”

Hugo bent down and kissed her head, forehead and dry lips.

“Vivian, are you really okay?”

Even though she reassured him several times but he remained for a long time, watching her with an anxious gaze then finally, he turned around to leave. As the door closed and the room became quiet, Lucia felt her sight grow blurry and blinked. Her tears fell onto the pillow. Maybe because she was sick, her emotional hold seemed to have weakened considerably.

She wanted to tell him not to go. She wanted to complain that she was sick and it was tough.

[Females sometimes fall apart when they lose the object of their affection.]

It was something Madam Michelle said some time ago. The Countess’ words weren’t wrong. If she relied on him without standing on her feet, she would completely collapse if he left.

To what extent was the proper distance Madam Michelle talked about? Lucia wished she could know the exact answer to that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 56 [part 2] - < — To the Capital — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — To the Capital — > (2)

“Wow, it’s been hard to see your face.”

Hugo ignored the man expressing his welcome in an exaggerated manner and sat down. Kwiz didn’t mind the rudeness at all and just laughed cheerfully.

“Is your territory filled with honey? I didn’t really think you’d stay there for over a year.”

“Isn’t a lord taking care of his territory good for Your Highness? No, is it Your Majesty now?”

“It will be anyways but I haven’t been crowned yet. People are being nit picky over customs for that one.”

Kwiz shrugged his shoulders. He was currently acting as King and of course, he was confident that the throne was his. It was not possible to overturn the justification of the Crown Prince ascending the throne. Even with his brothers eyeing his seat and watching for an opportunity, Kwiz was confident.

Kwiz gazed at the black-haired man sipping tea with an indifferent expression and recalled the long time advice of his loyal assistant and tactician, Count Benef.

[He is a wild beast, Your Highness.]

The Count passed away from a disease in the past year, dealing him a huge loss.

[A wild beast that is untamed and can never be tamed. Don’t try to confine him to us. A satisfied wild beast does not covet the deer in front of it. He will gladly stand by Your Highness to oppose those who wish to confine him to a cage.]

[Are you saying not to expect his loyalty?]

[A stable alliance is a hundred times better than an uncertain loyalty. Remember that no royal has ever obtained the loyalty of the Taran Duke. The Taran Duke will not pounce unless provoked.]

[...So what you’re saying is I should show my back to a wild beast. Without fastening a leash.]

[He will tear those who come at Your Highness from the back to pieces. The House of Taran already has much to its name. Your Highness does not need to give it more, it is enough to just acknowledge what one has in the first place.]

The late Hesse VIII was a King that entertained himself more than he dealt with official matters. Despite that, his reign was considerably long. What he did best was never touching the Duke of Taran and that alone said that Hesse the 8th was a wiser King than he was known for.

The Ducal House of Taran was a strange family. It wasn’t clear when they began to exist but there was already a Taran Family when the nation was founded. At that time, the House of Taran distinguished themselves greatly in the founding of Xenon and received royal treatment with a status of Grand Duke and had autonomy over a Grand Duchy. They almost had formal rights to the throne. But against all expectations, they did not enter into politics.

In the reign of the second King who sought absolute royal authority, all Grand Dukes were stripped of their authority and relegated to Dukes. Their Grand Duchies, downgraded to a fiefs.

The Grand Dukes at the time rebelled and walked the path of familial destruction but if anything, because the House of Taran obediently accepted their relegation, they were guaranteed rights to the throne.

Even then, the House of Taran was still not interested in politics. Many years passed, numerous families repeatedly rose and fell and Hesse, the third King of Xenon came into power. The House of Taran was still doing well and was the only Ducal House with rights to the throne.

As long as the royal family did not perish, it was almost impossible to rank formally, but the Dukes of Taran were treated almost like royalty. All the while, the Ducal House of Taran did not interfere in politics at all but their presence was heavily revealed through war.

People began to say that Xenon exists because Taran exists. The Taran family was more strongly impressed in the minds of people than Marquis families that produced the Queen or the Prime Minister. Yet, the Taran family never once challenged royal authority or expanded their territory.

Their territory was just as they got it when the nation was founded. The Taran territory was quite large but their borders faced that of one of the most troublesome tribal nations. Defending against the countless barbarian invasions was the Taran Duke’s role. In addition, when war broke out, the Taran Duke stood at the front line and took care of everything.

Some kings were afraid of the untold power of such a Taran Duke and acted hostile but after doing so, their later years weren’t good. Hesse VIII chose the path of acknowledging the Ducal House of Taran as it is and Kwiz was also of the same thought.

“How do you like the newly married life? Didn’t the Duchess feel stifled being stuck in the territory?”

Kwiz thought that if the new bride complained, the Duke would give in after a couple of times and come up to the capital. He didn’t think the Duke would stay away for so long. With enough time, people began to wonder on their own whether the bond between the Crown Prince and the Taran Duke was in peril.

Kwiz knew that the opposition was trying to approach and recruit the Taran Duke several times but he left it alone. The Taran Duke was never someone that would dance in the direction of power. It wasn’t because of some grand reason but because it was too annoying to do so. Even without that, the Taran House didn’t have any interest in politics.

“She likes quiet places so she didn’t.”

“How peculiar.”

They were both his sisters but were so different. Perhaps because their mothers were different. Kwiz’s blood sister, Katherine was a party animal. She couldn’t survive without having dresses, jewelries and parties to show off at.

Since her standards were very high, she showed no intention of getting married and pretended not to hear when one said there would be no one to choose from when she got older.

In truth, no matter who she married, Kwiz was more worried about how the person that became her husband would be able to live together with such vanity.

“Duke, do you want to marry one more time?” (Kwiz)

His sister had set her mind on the Duke of Taran. Upon hearing that the Duke had gotten married, the party animal, Katherine, stayed indoors for a week. Monogamy was law except for the Royal family but the Taran Duke had a way to be exempt from that.

Since he was a Duke, even if he wanted to take a second wife, no one would come to argue about the law with him. To Kwiz, it didn’t really matter whether his sister went in as the main wife or the second wife. He had no complaint if it was someone like the Taran Duke that she was marrying.

“Did you call me here to say this nonsense?”

As a matter of fact, seeing Kwiz’ face reminded Hugo of her condition and made him upset. He could still remember her question of whether he would cheat when he got to the capital. The rumors in the capital were a lot of smoke without fire so Hugo couldn’t help but feel uneasy that she might have heard a rumor that he didn’t know about and misunderstood. Kwiz’s words were basically pouring water on boiling oil.

“Just consider it. Even if you’re officially married, you’ll probably get a few suggestions like the one I just made.”

Hugo fixed him with an intense gaze and Kwiz quickly took a step back.

“I don’t do anything that has no worth to me.” (Hugo)

“What? no worth? Three wives and three concubines is the fantasy of many men.”

“Then Your Highness can fulfill and live that dream. As king, you can realize the dream to the fullest.”

Kwiz wore an awkward expression. The Duke of Taran was truly ambiguous in the sense that he seemed to like and dislike women. He was never free of women yet when it came to cutting them off, he was ruthless.

“About your successor. Do you really plan on it?” (Kwiz)

“I do.”

“No, you’re married now. A child is going to be born in the future. Even if he’s the eldest son, I mean.”

Isn’t he an illegitimate child anyways? Kwiz swallowed the rest of that sentence. To avoid any clamor by supporting the illegitimate son of the Duke when he took over the title. This was the condition Kwiz was given to be able to bring the Taran Duke onto the political scene.

Having an illegitimate son take over the Duke’s title was simple but also difficult. This was because it went against implicit social customs. However, Kwiz thought it was a very easy condition for obtaining the Duke of Taran. Kwiz himself wasn’t legal per se either so he wasn’t that narrow-minded about the issue.

However, in reality when the Duke got married, Kwiz felt a little reluctant. Even if it was his half-sister whose face he’d never seen, it was still his sister. The thought that his sister’s child would be treated as a figurehead didn’t really make him feel good.

“...Since when have you been so interested in my personal life? If this is all you have to say, I’ll excuse myself.” (Hugo)

“Ah, alright, alright. Really. Even after marriage, you’re still so stiff.”

Kwiz was very interested in the Duke’s personal life but at this point, he had to give up for now. Afterwards, they began to discuss the direction of the state affairs in earnest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 [part 1] - < — To the Capital — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — To the Capital — > (3)

TN: We have met the GOAL on Patreon! There will be 10 bonus releases for this month(oct)! Oh and remember, ‘ Gong’ is a title.

The discussion that followed was informal but with more crucial people joining, and looking at the faces of the people involved, it was almost like a cabinet meeting.

After the lengthy discussion was over, Hugo stood up and patted the shoulder of the eye-catching man that was standing at the side, and acting like he didn’t know anything for a while now.

“You’ve worked hard.”

The eye-catching man, Roy, grinned as if to say it was just so so. After Hugo left, Kwiz couldn’t bear the sight of Roy that kept glancing at the door like a dog waiting for his master so he spoke.

“Sir Krotin, do you really have no interest of becoming my knight?”

“I do not.”

At first, when the Duke of Taran said that he would place an escort knight at his side, Kwiz was a bit displeased that the Knight’s former status was that of a commoner.

Moreover, it was one with no manners and unbelievably impertinent. If it wasn’t for the fact that Roy was a close associate and former guard of the Duke of Taran, Kwiz would have driven him away.

However, as time passed, his value was brought to light. In the past year, the amount of times that Kwiz’s life was saved thanks to Sir Krotin was numerous. In front of Sir Krotin, assasins that tried to escape were caught and slaughtered like bugs.

Knowing of his tremendous skill, Kwiz tried to entice Krotin into being his knight at every turn but Krotin didn’t even look like he was considering it.

“What is the reason? If you become my knight, you can receive more power and remuneration that you receive now. You don’t want that at all?”

“I don’t really care for that.”

“Then, what do you get from the Duke? Is it because you admire him as a Knight?”

“There’s a more realistic reason. My Lord lets me duel.”

“Duel? Isn’t that something you can do anywhere?”

“Only with my Lord can I fight to the fullest without caring if my opponent gets hurt. I can’t have such fun in another place.”

“...I see.”

Kwiz felt slightly fed up. Krotin was greatly skilled and no one among his knights could last more than a dozen rounds against him. Nevertheless, it was obvious that Krotin controlled his tempo and adjusted his strength to match his opponents.

This gave a great shock to Kwiz who always took pride in having the best knights around him. But soon, he acknowledged that it wasn’t that his knights were weak, but that Krotin was terribly strong.

‘Is Taran Gong that strong?’

Kwiz had personally seen the Duke of Taran wielding a sword on the battlefield numerous times. He knew it was great but since the battle was so lopsided, like a tiger in the midst of sheep, he couldn’t exactly tell the extent of the Duke’s skill.

‘And now that I think about it, I haven’t ever seen Taran Gong duel with someone since then.’

The only time the Duke of Taran lifted a sword was when he cut down his enemy. When one thought about it, it was quite dreadsome. Warriors liked to show off their strength but the Taran Duke didn’t do so even though he was a knight.

Perhaps because of that, when Kwiz faced the sword-less Taran Duke, he sometimes forgot that the Duke was a knight.

“Who wins if you duel? Have you ever won by a stretch?” (Kwiz)

Roy rolled his eyes and burst into laughter. Those in attendance were now somewhat used to Roy’s unconcerned and rude attitude in front of the prince so they didn’t have any outward reaction.

“Winning? Who? Me? That’s my goal in life. Although I don’t know if it can ever be achieved.”

“Are you saying you’ve never won before?”

“Honestly, my Lord doesn’t go all out in our duels. Apparently, it’s annoying. He says why should he exert himself for something he can’t kill.”

“...”

“Sometimes, my Lord doesn’t even let me draw the sword. I have to be careful before brandishing the sword.”

“...Why?”

“Because he might be in a bad mood. In that case, battle or what, I just get beat up.”

“...Even with that treatment, you like it there?”

“It means I am one of the few people my lord trusts.”

“Getting beat up?”

“That is the evidence of trust. My lord would rather just kill something than go through the hassle of beating it.”

Kwiz had nothing more to say. Anyways, this was an unexpected harvest. The Taran Duke had a remarkably more foul nature than what was known.

***

“Taran Gong !”

Hugo stopped walking and turned around. The owner of the voice calling him quickly approached his side.

“If you have some time, would you like to accompany me for a while?”

The young man with an amiable smile was Count David Ramis. When he came of age as the eldest son of Duke Ramis, he received a part of his father’s estate along with the title of Count. He was also the Crown Prince’s brother-in-law.

Once Kwiz sat on the throne, David was sure to rise to the center of power in the future.

David was the same age as Hugo. However, an enormous difference existed between them. Hugo was a Duke and head of his family while David was nothing but a successor to a Duke.

So David calling Hugo by ‘Taran Gong ’ was a very rude act. To be able to call Hugo in that manner, one had to at least be a Duke. And if one were to quibble over it, even a Duke had to address Hugo with honorifics.

Even formally, the position of the Taran Duke was recipient to royal treatment. Hugo could see through David.

Outwardly the man smiled amiably but inwardly, he was full of rivalry. Greenhorn. Hugo sneered inside but on the surface, his expression remained taciturn.

“I do not believe I will fit in.”

Hugo responded after briefly staring at David and his followers that were stucking to him like a tail. In any case, Hugo thought of Duke Ramis’ face and treated them with adequate courtesy.

“Ha-ha. What are you talking about? I’m sure if Gong is with us, the occasion will shine even more.”

“I mean I’m concerned that only I will shine.”

There was no one that couldn’t understand the meaning behind this sarcastic remark. David’s eyes widened in embarrassment and his ears flushed red.

It was the first time he was turned down so blatantly. The people around David always tried to prove their loyalty to him because he was positioned to become the next Duke.

“Hahaha, just as I have heard you are an outspoken person. Will you oblige and share your valuable opinions with me?”

“Hear that from your father. If your father has nothing to say, come and find me.”

The Duke of Taran suddenly spun around and began to walk away so David couldn’t hold him back anymore. He clenched his fists at the humiliation and his followers sensing his mood, began to furtively scratch his back. (1)

“I have heard he was a knight but how rude.”

“It would have been more harmful if he went to our meeting.”

David smiled widely.

“Even if he’s knight-born, he’s an excellent person. Hence why His Highness the Crown Prince is so trusting of him.” (David)

“Even so, can he be compared to Elder? Is not Elder the father of the future Queen of this nation? If one looks further, Sir will become the uncle of the one that rises to the throne of this nation.”

David smiled, pleased at his follower’s flattery.

‘Indeed. No matter how arrogant one acts, one can’t surpass my father. After all, we are tightly bound with His Highness by blood.’

Hugo didn’t give a crap about David at all but David was burning with rivalry against the Duke of Taran. There were many nobles with higher status and authority than David. But they were all elders, well advanced in their years.

Therfore, there were no competitors around David’s age except for the Duke of Taran. And even though the Duke of Taran was the same age as David, he was already a Duke. He gained a reputation by sweeping through the battlefield and was very famous for how the Crown Prince went through great lengths to acquire him.

Even his father praised the Duke of Taran to the skies. His father warned him several times that the Duke of Taran wore the skin of a bear but in reality was a fox and one should be careful with one’s words and actions before him.

David replied in affirmation but scoffed inwardly. He was very unhappy that whenever the Duke of Taran appeared, everyone’s attention shifted towards him. What was so great about him swinging a sword on the battlefield a few times?

If David had seen the Duke of Taran on the battlefield even once, he would not have had this thought but throughtout last war, he was safely at the rear.

‘No matter what, he is just an ignorant knight.’

David was brimming with groundless confidence.

Translator’s Corner:

1) Do not take this literally.

2) By Elder, he’s referring to David’s father. By Sir, he’s referring to David.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 57 [part 2] - < — To the Capital — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — To the Capital — > (3)

TN: (*＾ڡ＾*)

After a few days, Lucia got off her sickbed and was good as new. She had been in bed for quite some time because of the indigestion, but there were no aftereffects.

As though a reward for the last few days of poor food, the table was full of high quality dishes for lunch as well as for dinner. They did not forget to be considerate and only gave her food that was easy to digest.

“Jerome, the number of maids has diminished a lot. There are faces I haven’t seen too.”

“Yes, Milady. The employment period has expired for many.”

The Duke ordered for the servants waiting on the Madam to be changed because their attitudes were bad. In any case, most of them were employed temporarily. They were initially to take all subsequent temporaries to the capital, but since such a situation occurred, the Duke just terminated all the contracts.

The plan was to find the whereabouts of the maids that worked in the residence in the capital and re-employ them. After which, he would leave one maid in charge of managing the Roam castle.

Even though the maids that waited on her for over a year were changed in a single morning, the madam simply replied with, ‘I see’, and said nothing more.

At first, Jerome thought she was an innocent and delicate person but over time his thoughts changed. It was rare for someone to deviate so greatly from his first impression but the Duchess was truly a mysterious person.

‘She’s truly strong.’

As soon as she got married, she was taken to her husband’s home where she didn’t know a single person so she was bound to be lonely and uneasy. If she looked for someone to rely on, it would usually be the maid who took care of her like her hands and feet.

When a maid was favored by the mistress of the house, a ranking forms among the maids. Discord among maids was like a drizzle that went unnoticed until one was drenched. At worst, it could even invade the authority of the steward so most noble stewards were worried about such tiresome things happening.

The Duchess handled those working under her with a clear line. She ordered only what was necessary and did not bother with superfluous actions. Even if something was done wrong, she simply pointed it out and it was rare for her to raise her voice.

In that respect, the madam resembled the duke closely. The reason why servants found it hard to attend to the couple’s needs even though they had never been disciplined before was because the servants weren’t given any room for engagement.

‘Is it because their marital harmony is good?’

It was very strange but no matter how Jerome thought about it, if the couple’s relationship became estranged, the one to suffer the biggest blow would not be his mistress but his master. Jerome couldn’t give an objective reason why, but it was an instinctive feeling.

“His Grace sent that you should recuperate well and come to the capital at the end of this month.”

“What recuperation will takes that long? It’s just indigestion. Everyone is making such a big deal out of this.”

Jerome smiled ambiguously.

‘Milady says so because you didn’t see Master properly during your fever.’

Jerome was on edge in the receiving room when his master called the doctor and kicked up a storm. When Anna was called back at dawn and came out looking pale, Jerome’s heart sank, thinking the Madam’s illness was very serious.

When the Madam finally fell asleep and his master came out, one didn’t know how much his master rebuked Anna for not treating the Madam properly. It was the first time Jerome saw his master expressing such extreme emotions. He truly felt pitiful for Anna who was shaken up. She would probably gain a handful of gray hair.

‘I hope Milady continues to be beside Master this way. I am earnestly hoping and looking forward to it.’

Looking at Lucia relaxing in satisfaction as she drank tea, Jerome thought this way.

People didn’t know much about the Taran family. Apart from the fact that it was a very famous knight family, nothing was known. In the north, the land was harsh, the population was small, and day in day out, war with the barbarians broke out on its borders.

It was indeed a land without room to spare for profits. This was a reason that no one coveted the vast land that was the Taran territory.

Of course, the Duke was wealthy. No matter how ungainly the land was, there was no way the owner of such a vast land could be poor.

Even though everyone acknowledged the financial and military power of the Taran Duke’s family, no one looked beyond that. The Taran family was a family that had existed for a very long time.

They didn’t thrive enough to stand out conspicuously but they weren’t invisible. Their years of power could not be ignored. The Taran territory, the north, had been ruled by the Duke of Taran for quite the long time and in the north, the Taran family was like King.

Nobles saw the people’s support as a trivial thing but at times the support could become a tremendous force. If the Duke of Taran took the lead, the northern people would all follow without complaints. Taran’s military power was not the knights that belonged to the family but all of the northern people. Other nobles were unaware of this.

The north was calm. It was contradictory to say that the north which was always at war with the barbarians was calm but except from the war, the north was calm. Unlike other territories, in the north, there were no occasional uprisings.

One might think that the reason was because people were united to fight against the barbarians but the biggest reason was because they all had enough to make a living.

The Duke of Taran somehow managed to oversee the north better any other Duke. He did not take too much tax, exploit or suppress with power. Rewards and punishments were certain and no matter how noble, one couldn’t harm another without reason. As long as one obeyed the law, nothing irrational would happen.

The northern people knew how good it was to live in the north. Even though the land was barren and one couldn’t amass wealth from farming, one didn’t have to starve. Rather, because one wasn’t well-off, one didn’t fall into depravity.

The northern people all had integrity and stability and that was an enormous asset to the north. And the power that the Duke of Taran held was more than people could imagine.

For many years, the Taran family didn’t have to drain their energy with the likes of succession struggles, and the power of the family that protected and maintained its title blossomed to a tremendous degree.

No one knew that the Duke of Taran had acquired a few gem mines from the barbarian lands after subjugating them, or that he owned several top giants actively operating in other countries, or that that he had bought a great deal of land and islands in other countries.

Jerome thought that if the Duke of Taran made up his mind, it would be easy for him to overthrow this country. Overthrowing was one thing and setting up and running the country was another matter but anyways, the power that the Duke held was much more than people thought.

From the level Jerome could see as a steward of the house, he thought so. But the Duke had no attachment to family. The Duke led the family as though something was tying him down.

Rather than an obligation to perform his duties as a Duke, it was more like he was entangled in something sticky and wanted to break out but couldn’t.

Once in a while, there were times when the indifferently cold Duke revealed his inner feelings but even then, he had an expression like he’d had enough.

But one didn’t know since when, but Jerome hadn’t seen that expression and he was certain that the reason was the Madam. If for any reason or in any form, his master lost the madam, what would happen?

Jerome was afraid to even imagine it.

***

The carriage left Roam and arrived in the Capital around ten days later. The time spent was double compared to when Lucia went from the Capital to Roam.

The fastest route was a wasteland with no shade so they couldn’t go through it at midday with the blazing sun. And because she took advantage of the evening and early morning hours for some activity, the speed couldn’t help but be slower.

This journey this time was also escorted by Knight Dean. The last journey, he escorted by order of the Duke but this time, he volunteered. Dean was a man with pure loyalty to the Madam but if it were a knight other than Dean, Hugo would have been uncomfortable.

Hugo had faith in his elite Knight’s loyalty and in particular, he valued Dean and Roy greatly. He believed in Dean’s prudence and sincerity just as he tolerated Roy’s simple character and believed in his ability.

Returning after a year and some months, Lucia felt emotional as she looked at the Ducal Residence. It was from here on that her life began to change.

On the way back after the exchanging certificates in wedding ceremony, he said:

[If you want to remain in the Capital, you can.]

She really did well in not accepting the Duke’s words and choosing to live apart from him. If she did that then the both of them would have remained as strangers forever.

‘Although I’m no confident in being the perfect couple with him.’

But to some extent, she knew and understood him. At the very least, the phase of other people saying that they were only couples on the surface had passed.

As Lucia entered the mansion, she subconsciously wrapped her arms around herself. Cool air, distinctly different from the hot air outside, hit her skin.

Due to the house’ excellent design with heat-dissipating features, Lucia’s first impression of the house was that there was no warmth. At the time, she didn’t know she would get married and stay there for a few days.

She was able to compare to it because she had stayed in Roam. The cold stone wall of Roam was much warmer than this. Even though it was steadily managed, she realized than indeed one had to live in a house for it to feel like home.

She felt sorry when she realized he’d been living alone in this cold, spacious house.

“Milady, your bedroom is opposite Master’s bedroom just like in Roam. It is facing the hallway and the room you stayed in previously when you were here-.”

“I will find it on my own. You must be busy, you can go see to things.”

“Yes, Milady. And this might be needless words of concern, but please be sure to bring a maid with you when you step out of the house even if it is just to the yard. Unlike Roam, one cannot predict how many eyes are watching or what can happen in the Capital.”

“Alright. I will be going up to get some sleep. When will he be coming in?”

“He is scheduled till evening so it seems he will be returning late.”

It would have been nice to see him today, Lucia thought as she went up to the bedroom on the second floor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (1)

TN: ┐(︶▽︶)┌ | So I guess this could also be called ‘The Capital’s Social Circle’ but I feel like ‘high society’ is a glaring indication that the title refers to nobles.

It was a late evening gathering done to avoid people’s gazes. Every single member in this secret gathering was a great figure in society. It would likely be very hard for this group of people to be able to gather in secret again.

Crown Prince Kwiz, Duke Taran, Duke Ramis, Marquis Philip and Marquis DeKhan. Excluding the Crown Prince, all four were Gong and if one were to add up all the territories they governed individually, they were high-ranking influential nobles that governed half of the country.

“So, what is Taran Gong ’s view on this?”

Hugo thought about Kwiz’s question for a moment and spoke.

“War will happen. It is just a matter of time. Therefore, the anti-forces certainly needs to be cleaned up.”

“Mmm...”

They all hummed thoughtfully. There was no one here that didn’t know that even though it was said the war had ended, it was closer to being a ceasefire.

The Southwest Allied Forces were defeated in the war and were paying dearly for it because they had to pay many reparations for the war.

Unable to bear the heavy tax, rebellions rose all over, civil wars broke out, some countries were overthrown and dynasties were changed. Except from war, there was no other way to escape their current predicament.

“I agree with Ramis Gong’ s idea of leaving them to grow in strength for the time being.” (Hugo)

“What is the problem with just dealing with them from the start?”

“Instead of snapping the branches, pull it out from the roots. If dealt with a half-measure, hidden enemies could emerge later, during the war.”

This was a place to discuss how to handle the so-called, anti-Imperial forces, which was basically the Crown Prince’s half-brothers.

Duke Taran and Duke Ramis were of the opinion to leave them for now and deal with them later but the two Marquis’ were of the opinion that it was cleaner to just clear them out now.

Both sides had reason to it so Kwiz was pondering it over.

“If Taran Gong is making the decision, would you leave it alone for now?”

“No. If I am making the decision, I will deal with it now.”

Hn? They all turned their gazes to Hugo, signaling they didn’t understand his meaning.

“Why have your words changed? I thought you wanted to pull it up from the roots and not handle it sloppily.”

“That is playing by the books but I am not Crown Prince. I can’t stand annoying things buzzing around me. It suits me more to start killing everything.”

“...Ah. Is that so.”

Kwiz suddenly remembered how the Duke of Taran handled the northern lords that betrayed him over a year ago. Close to 1,000 people died.

Even the King who tolerated and stayed out of northern affairs showed significant discomfort at the time. Even without knowing the details, there was no doubt that the previous King had received an enormous gift to block his mouth back then. After all, the incident had fizzled out as though nothing happened.

“If they crawl up later, one can just kill them again. Even if they are dealt with right now, I will not object. But I am confident to kill them all, disregarding the aftermath. Isn’t that what troubles Your Highness Crown Prince?”

Kwiz looked disinclined. It seemed like complete understanding of the Taran Duke who thought of people’s lives like insects would forever be impossible. But whenever this extremity surfaced, Kwiz felt strangely relieved.

This was because the Duke of Taran was not likely to act like a fox and scheme behind his back. But one cannot know everything.

Kwiz would not do something stupid like understanding someone with feelings alone. But when it came to understanding someone, it was inevitable to trust the image drawn in one’s head instinctively.

“...Mm. For now, I will watch the situation unfold. What do the rest of you think?” (Kwiz)

Duke Ramis as well as the two Marquis’ agreed. Duke Ramis turned to look at Duke Taran with a profound gaze. Perhaps he was growing senile but he sensed that the Duke of Taran had deliberately phrased it that way.

I am ignorant so I want to kill everything but what does Crown Prince think.

In that way, he naturally drove the Crown Prince’s thoughts to the other side.

‘Hmmm...’

Unintentionally, Duke Ramis kept comparing his son and the Taran Duke. Probably because they were the same age. And every time his son lost. From the outset, the capability itself was different. It was really fortunate that the Duke of Taran did not hold much interest in political power.

Duke Ramis decided that he would give his son a firm warning again when he got home. He would tell him not try to compete with the Taran Duke out of pointless childishness.

His son, David, had a passably exceptional head on his shoulders but he was arrogant and haughty. He only received worship from young and did not know how scary the world could be.

If one pushed forward boldly, it could become an advantage but if one didn’t know their place, it could become a huge problem.

Duke Ramis was now old enough to begin worrying about matters after his death. The Crown Prince, who would rise to the throne, was at his prime and so was the Duke of Taran.

Under the reign of the new King, the ones that would guarded the family were the children. So Duke Ramis’ attention was focused on the issue of sucession.

Kwiz did not resemble his predecessor. On the surface he seemed virtuous but his nature was a powerful. If one wanted to protect their family under a King that was sure to pursue strong royal authority, one had to know how to lower their head.

But in that regard, David made him uneasy. It would be fortunate if David didn’t run himself against the wall thinking he was extraordinary.

‘Perhaps Robin might be better a option than David.’

Duke Ramis was beginning to consider his gentle second son, Robin as his successor, instead of the overly confident and prideful David.

And David was unable to even fathom that the Duke of Ramis could be having such a thought.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 58 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (1)

TN: (ᗒᗨᗕ)

Hugo felt exhausted from attending a meeting that he didn’t lead. He could somewhat understand the troubles of his vassals and locals lords that attended his meetings.

His distant mansion which was submerged in darkness, looked exceptionally lonely today. Ever since coming to the capital, his steps grew heavy whenever he entered the mansion. To him, a house used to have no special meaning to him except for being a sleeping place.

But in the north, whenever he left and came back to Roam, there was always someone waiting for him and for the first time ever, he felt the feeling of going home.

Hugo heard that she had left for the Capital but because he told her to take it easy and not overdo it, it would take some time for them to arrive in the Capital. To be honest, he wanted her to arrive in the capital as soon as possible.

As he stepped out of the carriage, he was surprised at the sight of Jerome who greeted him.

“Have you been well, Your Grace?”

“When did you arrive?”

“I arrived this morning escorting Madam.”

“Did anything happen?”

“No. No incident occurred with the Madam the entire journey. After arriving, she slept shortly during the day and retired to her bedroom a while ago.”

While listening absentmindedly, Hugo walked past Jerome, entering the mansion and quickly climbing up the stairs. He habitually opened the door to his bedroom and his heart jumped for a moment in view of the empty and chilly room. Nothing was there.

He opened the door to the dark bedroom on the opposite side of the hallway and the silhouette lying on the bed moved.

“Mm...are you just coming in?”

Hugo’s heart throbbed as he listened to her voice full of sleep. Could a song be sweeter than this on his ears? He quickly moved to the bed, abruptly pulled her body into his arms then he buried his nose in her neck. He’d really missed her scent and soft body that sank into his arms. The sensation filled his lonely heart with joy.

Lucia felt as though the fatigue from the trip was flying away in his strong embrace. She leaned on his chest and enjoyed the embrace she longed for. They stayed in that position for a while, intoxicated with each other’s warmth.

He grabbed her shoulders with both hands, moving her away from his chest and in a swift motion, he captured her lips. His hot tongue parted her lips and wove itself into her mouth. Their breath and saliva were instantly mixed and his lips vigorously devoured hers.

They separated for an instant then her lips were swallowed again. Lucia’s senses were overwhelmed by the intense, sweet and imploring kiss. His hand slid into her thin nightwear, grabbing her bare breast. Her body, accustomed to his caresses, was thrilled by the stimulation and automatically flinched.

His large hand kneaded her breast and his fingers rubbed her nipple. Her body longed for his touch and was instantly aroused from his caresses. Because of the hot weather, her nightwear was somewhat transparent and light. So, his hand exploring on her nightwear could feel her figure in its entirety.

He placed his lip on her taut breast and pulled her nipple with his teeth.

“Huu...”

Her stimulated nipple grew stiff. He licked her nightwear covered nipple and ended his licks with a bite. The breast area of her nightwear was wet with saliva and stuck to her chest, looking erotic.

He fondled her breasts to his heart’s contents and suddenly, the nightwear started to look irritating. He wanted to taste her sweet, soft skin. He grabbed the front of her nightwear and pulled it aside. The few top buttons of the nightwear were sent flying and the garment was ripped apart, unable to win against his strength.

He immediately sucked on her pale breast, now fully exposed to him.

“Hng!”

Her hands dug into his hair. When his tongue began to lap around her chest, a shiver ran down her spine. Her body surged with heat, readying to accept him. The inside of her legs grew hot and an anxious sensation traveled through her body. Her waist moved restlessly and her legs rubbed against each other.

His hand traced down to her thighs, pulling down her underwear. He stripped her underwear off her ankle and carelessly threw them aside. He didn’t have the focus or patience to take off all his clothes.

He pulled down his pants, bringing out his hardened member then he grabbed her legs and spread them around his waist. His firm member reached her clandestine spring and he moved his waist a little, rubbing against her drenched entrance.

He lowered his head and whispered to her in a heavily subdued tone.

“Can I?”

She gave a small nod and the tip of his penis touching her entrance pushed in slightly and his length slowly entered her. It was a careful motion compared to his usual urgent movements. He clenched his teeth, suppressing his desire to thrust into her with intensity. He was worried that if he went in impatiently, his small, feeble wife would get hurt.

When he was completely inside her, their breaths which had stopped for a while, simultaneously burst out. His huge thing fully occupied her small body, as though it originally existed there.

Lucia sighed with relish. The feeling of her insides being filled gave her a sense of satisfaction and pleasure. His member entered and throbbed inside her, widening the narrow walls of her vagina. The sensation of a foreign body pushing against her inner walls was vivid and Lucia knit her brows.

“Does it hurt?”

“Haa...N..No.”

“I’m going to...go a little stronger. Tell me if it hurts.”

Hugo put strength in his arms, holding back his desire to ravage her insides recklessly, and the veins of his arms bulged. He pulled out slowly then thrust in heavily. Her body flinched as an achy tingling sensation traveled through her body. The dull ache was gone in a moment, and a weak sense of climax ran up her spine. Her body shuddered with pleasure.

Again, he slowly pulled out and with a heavier thrust, he penetrated deeper. Lucia moaned and grabbed his arm, squeezing the sleeve of his shirt. When he kissed and caressed her, her body grew sensitive and excited, as if to accept him, and at the same time, it contracted and tightened, as if to resist him.

“Hng...”

“Gh...Vivian...too...tight.”

Really. It’s sucking me in. He muttered with rough breath. His penis pushed against her tender walls and entered deeper. Her insides were so tight and wet that every inch filled him with relish.

He held down the reins of his desire that wished to run wild. Not yet. Her body needed a little more preparation. He knew from experience. He had to make her wetter for the path to flow smoother.

He opened her body tenderly and slowly, with movements like a starving beast. She felt like a treasure being bathed with love. This feeling filled her with more excitement than any intense stimulation. She closed her legs around his waist and lifted her hips to accept him deeper. She felt breathless as she swallowed him all the way to the hilt.

He took rough breaths beside her ear and the two fully entwined bodies began to move together in rhythm. He increased his thrusting speed a little and his thing rubbed against her inner walls intensely.

“Ng...good...”

“...What?”

Hugo mumbled roughly and while moving waist, he nibbled on her ear. He moved to her neck and licked it. Then he opened his mouth and bit down on her neck. He sucked on the throbbing pulse of her neck as though it were her body’s source of fragrance.

“Say it again.”

A shudder ran down his spine. Because of her skill-less words, blood rushed to his lower abdomen. The thought that those words had unconsciously spilled out of her mouth made him really excited. He lifted his waist and drove his thickness deep into her.

“Ah! Ng!”

Because of his strong penetrations, her body swayed back and forth and she wrapped her arms around his neck. She hung her head on his shoulders and her upper body tilted slightly. His large hand reached out and reliably supported her back. He continued to thrust faster and deeper and her inner walls moved with his penis as though attached.

“Ang! Uuu...ah...good...deeper...”

“Haa, you’re really...something...”

Hugo grunted fiercely and buried his head in her neck.

“A! Aah!”

Her body shook frantically. He lay her back on the bed and she linked her hands around him as she held on. He roughly kissed her lips then nibbled and sucked on her breasts. His manhood fiercely pounded into her womb, stirring up her insides and touching her sensitive parts. Her vaginal walls reacted and began to gush with fluids.

“Ahhh!”

She cried out seductively as she reached her climax and her toes curled up in pleasure. Her insides spasmed intensely and wrapped around his member tightly. He paused his movements and endured the churning of her insides.

When her inner spasms subsided a little, he began to explore her hot, narrow path again.

“Ah! A-ng! Hugh!”

She uttered a coquettish cry as though imploring him and he kissed her teary eyes. He held her thighs firmly in his hands, spreading them apart and seeing her body in full bloom beneath him, he gasped for breath. Her taste was sweet like honey in his mouth.

His pleasure gradually intensified and when he reached his climax, he groaned in pleasure and closed his eyes. He stiffened as pleasure rushed from his waist to his head. His penis throbbed as he released semen into her. When his long release was over, they both collapsed onto the bed.

His breathing calmed down soon enough but her breathing took a while to calm down. He lifted his torso and slowly slid out of her causing her body tremble. She shrunk her legs and her entire body continued to shudder. Maybe he felt it because he placed his hand on the small of her back and pulled her strongly to his chest.

Tightly pressed against his bosom, Lucia choose to breathe. Her body hung listlessly. It was summer but she didn’t dislike the heat from his body. He poured small kisses on her eyes, lips, and all over her face.

“Vivian.”

“Hm...”

She felt like sleep was slowly approaching and blinked her eyes.

“Let’s do it one more time.”

He blocked her lips before she could reply. Their tongues entwined, sharing their innermost temperatures with each other and a passionate kiss ensued. She felt out of breath as she responded to his kiss. The intoxicating and dizzying heat of the kiss filled her with pleasure.

Whether hot or passionate, she always got entranced by his kisses. His hand grabbed her inner thighs and pried them apart. Soon, there was a handprint on her tender skin.

“Hk!”

He penetrated her vagina with his already energetic rod, and her inner walls, soaked with love juices and semen, swallowed him with no resistance.

At this rate, there’ll be no end. Lucia pushed away from his chest and twisted her waist but even so, he didn’t budge. Even though she knew she couldn’t overcome him with strength, she angrily knocked on his chest.

“You do this every time.”

“Cut me some slack. It’s been a while.”

“When do you ever care about that!”

No matter if it was once a day or after a few days, his endless pursuit remained the same. Every day, he bothered her like usual, and when it was after a long time, he would use time as a reason to be more persistent.

Hugo easily over powered her, whose anger was like a mermaid dragged out of water. He grabbed her wrist with one hand and held it over her head. He grabbed her thigh with his other hand, pulling her towards his waist. His penis immediately sank deeper, reaching her deepest parts at once.

“Huu...”

“If you cooperate, I’ll really just do it one more time.”

She glared as him for a while, then traced his waist with her legs as though giving permission. She didn’t think he was going to obediently step down anyways.

She had already restrained to this extent so she wasn’t going to stop herself from sleeping anymore. In its own way, it was a trick she learnt when she couldn’t cope with his endless stamina.

Hugo tried not to push her as intensely as possible. All the positions he wanted to try kept floating in his head but no. He had to endure today. Although, if he really wanted to be considerate, he could just let her sleep for today but he ignored that contradiction.

For now, he was giving it his best in his fight against his desire. Lucia watched through blurry eyes as her body shook from his movements, and once in a while, she let out a moan of pleasure.

Suddenly, she realized that he was still wearing his clothes. Only his bottoms were off as he thrust into her meanwhile under him, she was completely naked. At this contrast, Lucia felt strange.

“Shirt...”

“Shirt?”

“Your shirt...it’ll wrinkle.”

Hugo chuckled deeply and abruptly thrust into her.

“Aah!”

“Does it bother you? That you’re naked and I’m not?”

“...”

“Do I take it off? But if I do, you won’t sleep today.”

He chuckled mischievously at her curt reply of ‘don’t’. Then he captured her lips.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (2)

TN: (≧▽≦) BONUS RELEASE 1

When Lucia opened her eyes in the morning, she found herself lying with her head on his shoulder while one of his hands were wrapped around her shoulders and the other around her waist. They were both naked and only the lower part of their body was covered by a thin blanket.

Last night, he eventually took off all his clothes and flung them aside. Lucia lifted her hand and slowly stroked his chest from top to bottom. She enjoyed the feeling of unevenness and abdominal muscles beneath her palm.

Suddenly his hand holding her waist grew firm, and he moved to place a kiss on her cheek.

“What’s the occasion?” (Lucia)

“Huh?”

“You’re here, being idle.”

He nuzzled under her neck and kissed her chin repeatedly. It felt ticklish so she twitched and giggled.

“I should have days like this sometimes.”

It was both nice and unfamiliar for him to be next to her when she woke up in the morning. She wondered if he would be troubled if she told him that she wanted to wake up next to him in the morning sometimes, even if it wasn’t every day.

She wanted to keep this excessively diligent man on the bed a little more. The breeze blew over them and her hand kept roaming. She ran her soft palm over the firm and buoyant muscles of his chest. The feeling of his solid muscles was really nice. Her hand exploring his chest went down to his clearly defined abdominal muscles.

His hand caught her wrist at that point but she wanted to feel a little more. His obstruction was so heartless, she thought but when she looked up and met his eyes, that bitter feeling subsided. Hot passion lingered in his red eyes gazing at her.

Suddenly, using the arm wrapped around her waist, he pulled her into his bosom. Their naked abdomens were closely in contact with each other and the only obstruction was the thin silk quilt.

His manhood was already huge and was lodged between her thighs. Lucia’s face flushed red with embarrassment and her body grew rigid. He put his lips to her ear and whispered to her, his voice low.

“Are you seducing me?”

Hearing his voice laced with patient desire, her body automatically shook. When she buried her head in his chest without denying it, it was rather Hugo who was taken aback.

‘Why are you so cute?’

His wife was usually very shy and felt pressured at the smallest contact with him when the day was bright. Normally, he wouldn’t turn down such an opportunity. Right now, he wanted to kiss her till she was breathless, leave his traces all over her pale skin, press her down and enter her hot body...

Damn it! He roared voicelessly. His schedule couldn’t be cancelled at all this morning. To have to leave this prepared lavish meal...! Ugh. He sighed inwardly and laboriously pushed down his lingering desires.

“I have to go.”

“...Oh.”

“Sleep some more. I don’t think your fatigue from travel is fully relieved yet.”

As he spoke, he felt a little poked at. It was actually himself that bothered her all night before her fatigued was relieved. He should have allowed her some rest.

He felt his poor self-control was pathetic and became worried that she would fall ill again. He decided he would ask Jerome to call for a doctor and make sure she got treated when he left.

‘I’ll have to ask for tonics too.’

Her stamina was too weak.

“Okay...”

Hearing her mumbled response, he lifted her chin and kissed her lips then he lifted himself off the bed. He picked up the gown lying on the end table and draped it on his body.

Lucia watched his back until he was out of the bedroom then she burrowed back into the blankets like a cat.

***

When she got up again, it was almost noon. Lucia looked around the strange bedroom. It was not familiar like the one in Roam. Rather, the ceiling was lower than the one in the castle and the bedroom was a little smaller, but still, it felt spacious.

Now, she had to get accustomed to living here. Without any promise of return, it was very likely that they would be living in the capital for quite some time.

After having lunch, Lucia bid Jerome to prepare to head out.

“I would like to meet an acquaintance I haven’t seen in a long time. However, this acquaintance doesn’t know my identity. I will gradually talk about it but today, I would like to go inconspicuously to avoid surprise.”

It had always been on Lucia’s mind that when she came up to the capital, she would go see Norman next. She hadn’t contacted the woman for over a year so she must have been worried. She wondered how Norman had been all this while.

“Before that, Milady, the doctor is waiting.”

“The doctor?”

“Master asked for a doctor to be called to examine Milady because Milady might fall ill from overexertion after the long journey.”

“...”

Lucia’s face reddened a little. She doubted whether the ‘overexertion’ he referred to was actually from the fatigue of the trip. Quite frankly, the languidness she currently felt in her body was not due to the tiredness of travel.

“Alright. I just have to be examined?”

“He also asked for Milady to be given tonics.”

Really, this husband of hers. His plan of feeding well and eating later was very obvious. Lucia never thought her body was weak. Her outer frame was small and she had a tiny build but her body was healthy and not constantly sick.

However, after marrying him, she realized what it meant to be exhausted from a lack of stamina. Sex with him consumed so much energy. She didn’t know till a few months after her first time. However, the number of months accumulated and after a year, she realized how fortunate she was to have Anna’s assertion of once every five days.

“...Is that so. If you must, then I ask for a very concentrated diet.”

“For outing, I will accompany Milady. Opportunely, Sir Heba is around so escorting can be left up to him.”

As though reading her mind, Jerome quickly got everything ready. He donned rustic clothing unlike that of a Duke’s butler and Dean also wore leather armor so he would look like a common escort and not like a knight.

The carriage prepared also looked ordinary without the crest of the family. The carriage rode off in the direction given by Lucia. It was a simple company of people. But unknown to Lucia, secret escorts were following the carriage.

The carriage finally stopped a little distance away from Norman’s two-story house.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 59 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (2)

TN: ＼(≧▽≦)／

Jerome and Dean followed a few steps behind Lucia as she came down from the carriage and headed towards Norman’s house. Lucia knocked on the door. She expected to see Ms. Phil’s plump face greeting her at the door but there was no reply.

She knocked a few more times but there was still no response.

‘Did she go out? But Norman doesn’t like going out. Why isn’t Ms. Phil here?’

She felt sad that she had to leave without even seeing Norman’s face so she stood in front of the door for a long time.

“Lucia!”

Lucia heard a voice calling her name from afar. A pair of two, male and female, were some distance away and out of the pair, the woman excitedly ran towards Lucia, waving her hand. She was no longer the lean girl from Lucia’s memory. The surprisingly plump Norman rushed towards Lucia quickly.

“Lucia, right?!”

“Norman.”

Norman hugged her tightly.

“My goodness. It’s been so long. Let me look at you. Aiyo, you’ve become prettier. Look how fair your face is.”

Norman was crying while holding Lucia’s face and turning it left and right. Jerome and Dean were uncomfortable seeing the precious body of the Duchess mishandled and turned away slightly.

Norman fussed over Lucia, checking her face, hands and repeatedly saying things like ‘you look healthy, thank goodness’ or ‘fortunately, you’re not hurt’.

“Let’s go inside. Just where and what have you been doing all this time...”

“Ah, Norman. This is...”

Lucia was curious about the identity of the man standing beside Norman. He was walking alongside with Norman and after Norman ran off, he followed after her.

The man grinned as though grateful for Lucia’s lack of knowledge and promptly clung to Norman. Norman fixed him a lovable glare and jogged him with her elbow. Lucia’s eyes widened at the very intimate display.

“I almost forgot to introduce him. This is Thomas. My fiancé.”

“Fiancé?”

Lucia’s voice increased in surprise. Norman gave an embarrassed laugh then briefly introduced Lucia to Thomas and vice versa then she quickly chased him away.

It was obvious from Thomas’ gaze that he wanted to go into the house together and stick his head in their conversation but Norman pretended not to notice.

The man who turned around without concealing his regret gave off a nice and gentle impression. Norman linked arms with Lucia and tugged at her, showing her interest in the two attractive men behind Lucia.

“Who are those men? By any chance, you too?”

Norman sent Lucia a strange gaze. Which one is it? It was such a gaze. Lucia quickly resolved the misunderstanding. If Hugo were to hear this, it would be a disaster.

“No. They are my escorts.”

“Escort? Wow. Lucia. What happened to you? I think we have a lot to talk about. But the people that came with you...”

“We are fine, you do not have to worried.”

Hearing Jerome’s reply, Norman’s eyes widened in surprise. From his attire, she thought he was just a regular person but his tone and attitude showed etiquette and grace. It seemed he was not an ordinary person working under another.

Even though she knew it was rude, Norman kept glancing at the two men until she and Lucia entered the house and closed the door. As soon as the door was closed, the thoroughly maintained indoors of the small two-story house came into view.

As Lucia was seeing Norman’s house again after a long time, she looked around in appreciation. The plainly formal atmosphere of the living room was unchanged.

Norman brought out some tea and sat on the couch facing Lucia.

“Where did Ms. Phil go?” (Lucia)

“She quit because of back pains. Plus I will be leaving soon anyways.”

“Leaving?”

“You know, my fiancé you saw earlier. I decided to go to his hometown and get married.”

“Norman, congratulations! When are you going?”

“The day after tomorrow.”

“The day after tomorrow? You leave in two days?”

“Yes. We nearly missed each other. I didn’t know you were coming so I was going to put this house up for rent. I was planning to have them contact me if you were to ever come.”

Lucia felt deep regret. Norman was her first friend and her family. She was able to arrange a dress and meet Hugo with the money that Norman gave her, and she went to visit the ducal residence with the courage gained from Norman’s advice.

If not for Norman, Lucia would not have been able to marry him. On the other hand, perhaps it was for the best. Lucia had experienced the life of a commoner and a noble.

So she knew how nobles looked at commoners. For the common people, the world of the nobility was an insurmountable wall, akin to heaven and earth and it could not be mixed with the world they lived in.

Most commoners would never see a high-ranking noble like a Duke in their entire lifetime. Lucia believed that Norman was not a person to change according to the status of another. But if she knew Lucia’s real identity, she wouldn’t be able to help feeling some distance in her heart.

The gap between the maid Lucia and the formerly princess but now Duchess Vivian was too big. It was hard to keep hiding this fact from Norman and Lucia was always worried that if she were to tell Norman, their relationship would become estranged.

She wanted to send Norman off as the Lucia that Norman knew. She wanted Norman to live a calm life, and perhaps if Norman didn’t know, she could live carefreely.

“Actually, I am married too.”

“What? Really?”

“I couldn’t contact you because I got married and had to go far away with my husband in a hurry. I’m sorry.”

“I see now. And no. I am getting married too so I know there are a lot of things to prepare and a lot to worry about. So I understand. Then, is it also your husband that placed those escorts?”

When Lucia nodded, Norman remarked, ‘they did seem hired...’ and exclaimed in admiration. Lucia was intimated by the questions of, how old, what kind of man, where does he live, where did you meet, that poured out non-stop from Norman.

Noticing that Lucia had difficulty answering, Norman did not push for an answer.

‘In any case, I don’t think the man Lucia is married to is an ordinary man.’

Norman recalled the men that followed Lucia as her escorts.

‘Maybe she married a rich merchant or a noble. She did come with a valuable carriage from who knows where. Ah. A marriage with a noble. That is really what is called romance.”

“Is your husband good to you?”

“Yes, he’s affectionate.”

“Does he earn well?”

Lucia burst into laughter.

“Yes, he earns very well.”

“At night...”

“Oh, Norman!”

“What? Don’t act so innocent on what a married woman does. You’ve already done it all.”

Norman giggled as she looked at Lucia who was bright red. She teased Lucia about if she had any advice to share on a couple’s night to her junior since Lucia was a senior in marriage. Lucia blushed fiercely, not saying anything and seeing that, Norman began to giggle again.

“You know, I thought of sending you a letter to ask if you were okay but honestly, I was a little worried about the medium. Something strange happened, you see.” (Norman)

“Something strange?”

“Some woman came to me saying she was a fan of my novel. I couldn’t find out who she was but to my senses, she felt like a noble. Even if one doesn’t want to be exposed, whether it is from their tone or their actions. Something is different.”

“A noble can be a fan though.”

“That is true. But she was looking for you.”

“...looking for me?”

“She came to find me a few times, mentioned your features and asked what you guaranteed when you made a bank account. When I asked why she was looking for you, she said she was looking for news as you were someone she knew. I just said you were a dongsaeng I knew. She wasn’t interrogative but I pretended not to notice that she was quietly guiding me to talk about you. It isn’t someone you know, right?”

“I don’t know. I can’t...get a sense of who it is at all.”

Who could it be? Lucia was appalled by the fact that someone had come after Norman to ask about her. Someone was investigating her without her knowledge.

‘Maybe they were aiming for him, not me.’

While there was no reason for anyone to go after her, his political opponents could still try to take advantage of her to get to him.

“Does the lady still come?”

“No. She suddenly stopped coming. It’s already been several months. I haven’t seen her ever since.”

Lucia listened to Norman’s detailed description of the woman’s features and saved it in her mind. Since the woman tried to investigate, she would surely try to approach Lucia someday.

“Why are you looking at me like that?”

Norman had been staring at Lucia for a while now, so Lucia had to ask.

“It feels like you’ve changed a little.”

“It has been a while after all.”

“No. It’s different from that.”

Being the Duchess for more than a year, Lucia handled people under her and the leisure and skillfulness with which she dealt with the ladies of the northern high society flowed out of her unawares. Norman caught this with her sharp eyes. But Norman did not know exactly why or what was different so she just thought that something was different.

“Because you weren’t here, I got to learn precisely how great of a storyteller you are. I paid someone to get news of the noble circles a few times but it wasn’t as funny and informative as when you tell it.”

“Was there any interesting story?”

“The most memorable one...was news about the Duke of Taran.”

Lucia almost choked on the tea she was drinking.

“Apparently, the Duke of Taran got married. Do you happen to know anything?”

“I-I’m not sure.”

“Well indeed. People like us don’t quibble over which noble marries whom. But the rumors about the Duke of Taran’s marriage are interesting. They say, there was no wedding, and as soon as the secret marriage was over, he kidnapped the bride and dragged her to his estate.”

“Pk!”

Lucia ended up spitting out the tea in her mouth.

“What’s wrong? Is the tea too hot?”

“N-No.”

Norman handed her a handkerchief and Lucia wiped off the spilled tea on her skirt.

“Oh no. I don’t think the stain will come off completely.”

“It’s okay.”

“What was I talking ab...Ah, right. The Duke of Taran. Anyway, but it is said that the Duke lost it and did that because the woman that became the Duchess is a woman of incomparable beauty, beautiful enough to ruin a country.”

“...”

Lucia now had cold sweat forming on her back. That ‘incomparable beauty’ was none other than herself that was in front of Norman.

“At home, the Duke confines the Duchess...”

“Nor..Norman. Will you keep writing novels after you leave?”

Lucia couldn’t listen any longer so she quickly changed the topic.

“It is uncertain. If not in the capital, my novels might not sell well so I don’t know if it will be profitable. But I have the money I’ve made so far so I’m not worried. My fiancé runs a shop that has been in the family for generations so I think income will be okay.”

“How did this ever happen? Norman used to not believe in love.”

“That is why life is fun. Hahaha.”

The afternoon went by as Lucia spent several hours listening to Normans’ love story. As Lucia listened, it was a very typical and romantic encounter, compared to the romance novels written by Norman but Norman told the story with her eyes shining as though she were talking about the masterpiece of the century.

She really seemed like the one of the heroines in her novels that fell in love.

“What of you? Are you happy?”

Norman asked at an interval and Lucia replied with, ‘yes, I’m happy.’ The happiness in her smiling face was not a lie. Lucia was truly happy with her days with him. Her sincerity was fully conveyed to Norman. Norman made an expression of happiness and relief.

“Well, this can work as your wedding gift. This house. I transferred it to you.”

“This house?”

“Your account was still open in the bank so I left it to the bank manager to process it. I’ve processed all the paperwork and taxes so all that’s left is for you to receive it.”

“Norman, this is the first house you bought, isn’t it? A house with such precious memories...”

“And that is why I would like for you to accept it. The memories in this house are memories built with you. I don’t want to sell it, but I do not know when I will be back to the capital.”

Nolan stood up from the other couch and came to sit beside Lucia then gave her a firm hug.

“Lucia, I always worry about you because you are much younger than me. You have to be happy. You will know where I live, so come to me if your husband makes you unhappy.”

“Norman, thank you. If it wasn’t for Norman, I...”

Lucia was all choked up and couldn’t speak. They hugged each other and cried, sharing the joy of reunion and the sorrow of parting.

Lucia dissuaded Norman from seeing her off. She declined saying that Norman would be busy all day tomorrow preparing and the day after tomorrow, Norman would have to depart in the morning so there was no need to see her off.

Norman didn’t want to inconvenience Lucia who wasn’t free to go around without an escort. Even though the two of them said their goodbyes for a while inside, they stood in front of the door unable to let go of their regret.

“Please take good care of her. She is someone I think of as a younger sister.”

Norman requested this of Jerome

“Do not worry. We will serve with our utmost sincerity.”

Norman watched as Jerome carefully escorted Lucia to the carriage and she thought:

‘He seems like a really good man. I will be relieved if Lucia’s husband is such a man. Ai. Lucia is already married. My small dream is gone.’

Norman had planned to introduce Lucia to the younger brother of her fiancé for marriage, when they got back in touch with each other. That way, she and Lucia would move from east to west and live close to each other forever. She was worried that the young Lucia wouldn’t know a good man.

‘I hope you aren’t being held up by some strange guy and suffering.’

But still, she was relieved that the lonely Lucia was no longer alone. Even though the carriage was no longer in sight, Norman stood standing outside for a long while.

Translator’s Corner:

1) Dongsaeng means: someone younger that you. Usually a close term. Can be used to refer to male or female. Direct translation is younger sister/child...

*We are getting to the point where we might need a term glossary.

*If someone can teach me footnotes, I’ll do em lol.

*This chapter is the longest we’ve had I think. Phew.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (3)

TN: |･ω･)

During dinner, Hugo began to talk about her outing.

“I heard you went out.”

“Yes. I went to see the acquaintance I asked you to deliver a letter to before. Do you remember?”

“I remember.”

Not only did he remember, but ever since Fabian turned in the last report, he had been closely monitoring, as well as protecting the female novelist.

He had already known that the female novelist would be getting married soon and he had even investigated to see if the man had deliberately approached the novelist.

Unbeknownst to Norman, she was about to marry a man that was guaranteed as non suspicious by the Duke of Taran’s Intelligence Unit.

“She is a precious friend of mine. As she is leaving the capital, I want to leave a connection to be able to help her, just in case she encounters any difficulties in her new home.”

“Do as you see fit.”

At his ready consent, her cheeks reddened a little. She didn’t think he was going to refuse but she felt elated when he simply accepted her request.

“Also...do you happen to know the rumor going around about me?”

“There are always many rumors in the capital.”

“It is such a ridiculous rumor...”

She didn’t continue and just kept poking her dish with her fork causing Hugo to frown slightly. Through Fabian, he knew of all the rumors about her. The rumors were mostly ridiculous so as long as it wasn’t malicious, a sensitive response would be rather counterproductive.

Fortunately, there were no malicious details in the rumors about her. The thought that she might have heard a bad rumor from somewhere he didn’t know made Hugo’s mood turn foul. If that was the case, he would call Fabian who didn’t do his work properly and pound him to the ground.

“Rumors are usually ridiculous. What does the rumor say?”

Lucia was a bit hesitant at his question, then with a slightly reddened face, she tried to explain the unspeakable rumor while holding back her embarrassment.

“The Duchess of Taran is a great...beauty...so you...me...territory...”

“I’ve heard that. What about it?”

The rumor wasn’t a big deal. He asked because he couldn’t understand why it was making her very uncomfortable. Lucia also couldn’t understand how he was completely unaffected by the rumor.

“It portrays you like some kind of kidnapper.”

“For a rumor about me, it’s more on the favorable side.”

Lucia had heard all sorts of rumors about him in her dream. In addition, she had unintentionally delivered the rumor that he drank blood directly to his face. Considering his rather mirthful reaction to her words at the time, he seemed to be composed when faced with rumors about himself.

“But I mean, what incomparable beauty. It’s so dumbfounding...In reality, when I go out to the circles, people will start talking.”

“Why will they talk?”

She didn’t know why he couldn’t understand her after she had said so much.

“You know, because I’m not an incomparable beauty.”

“What do you mean? You’re pretty.”

Lucia was stunned for a moment. And in an instant, her face went completely red. The servants quickly averted their gazes and acted like they didn’t hear anything. The servants, whose expressions did not change at all in this situation, were genuinely admirable.

“...Don’t tease me.”

“I never did. I say you’re pretty because you are pretty.”

Even though he teased mischievously her once in a while, he wasn’t one to joke insincerely. He had said the same thing once before but then, it was just the two of them. Lucia’s face reddened so much that it couldn’t get any redder and she was unable to sit still.

She got up like that and quickly left the dining room. A strong hand grabbed her arm, stopping her from going out to yard. At some point, he had caught up and was right behind her.

“Vivian, did I do something wrong?”

He thought she liked it when he called her pretty. It was clearly recorded like that in his list so he was taken aback by her reaction. Lucia furiously shook her head.

“No. I was...embarrassed because you said that in front of the servants.”

“Wow. It was ‘don’t touch’ in front of the servants now it’s ‘don’t say’ in front of the servants?”

Lucia wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her head in his chest.

“Mm. I don’t like stuff like that.”

While grumbling about why he should care if the servants are there, he returned her hug, wrapping his arms around her back. Listening to his grumbles, Lucia rubbed her head on his chest and chuckled faintly.

Are you happy? Norman’s questions sprang up in her mind. Lucia could give the answer ‘I’m happy’ over and over again. Ever since she decided to believe in him, she was a little less anxious and a little more happy.

‘These damn rumors. I can’t even grab every mouth that says stupid things and stuff it.’

Other rumors didn’t matter but these days, Hugo was very worried that unfounded rumors involving women or scandals of the past would reach her ears.

Because of that, these days, Fabian was running around, day and night, gathering rumors.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 60 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society(1)– > (3)

┬┴┬┴┤(･_├┬┴┬┴

It had been a few days since Lucia’s entourage arrived at the Capital but no rumors of their arrival had spread. Hugo asked Lucia to rest and stay out of the society’s gaze for a little while longer. So, Lucia spent these couple of days in very relaxed manner.

She knew this break wouldn’t last long so she was enjoying it as much as she could. She had her lunch, looked around the mansion and went for a walk in the yard.

There was a fairly large plain of land between the gates and the entrance to the mansion. Instead of a garden, numerous trees were planted to obstruct one’s vision from seeing the inside of the mansion. And since there was a small pathway in between, it was nice for taking a walk.

“Ooh!”

The sudden loud voice made Lucia jump in surprise. When an eye-catching man unexpectedly appeared in front of her, Lucia plopped down on the spot.

“Ah, Did I surprise you? It’s me. Me. We haven’t seen in a long time, yes?”

The eye-catching man was Roy Krotin. Lucia grabbed his outstretched hand and stood up. To Lucia, Roy was special connection. She hadn’t known at the time but if it wasn’t for Roy back then, she wouldn’t have been able to meet Hugo.

It was Jerome’s role to manage the guests and with Jerome’s shrewd personality, there was no way he would have let her meet Hugo until she was judged to be a proper guest. Back then, Jerome was absent just in time and Roy acted as he pleased, allowing Lucia to meet with Hugo.

At that time, if Lucia had been unable to meet Hugo and was turned away, she wouldn’t have had courage to visit again. It was the help of the heavens and at the same time, it was Roy’s help.

“Since you’re the Duchess now, should I be little different? But I don’t really know that stuff.”

There was no malice in Roy’s grinning expression. Lucia grinned back.

“It’s fine. Do what you’re comfortable with. It’s a pleasure to meet you like this after a long time. I have been wanting to give you my thanks.”

“Thanks? For what?”

“If not for Sir Krotin, how could I have met his Grace the Duke? It is thanks to Sir that I became the Duchess.”

“What...I didn’t...really do anything...”

Roy sheepishly scratched his chin. Actually, the fact that he burst into laughter when Lucia proposed to Hugo always weighed on Roy’s mind. He never intended to ridicule her. It was just that the situation itself was very funny but people usually tended to perceive the opposite of his words and actions.

But when he heard her thankfulness instead, he felt a little awkward and happy.

‘Why does this man have such a bad reputation?’

In Lucia’s dream, Roy Krotin was famous as the mad dog and Lucia had no exact line of contact with Roy so she could only know him from the rumors. But after personally meeting Roy, she realized he was very far from the notorious individual described.

He was cheerful and blunt and if one treated him with good will, he was sure to return the favor.

‘There is little to be trusted in these rumors huh.’

According to the rumors surrounding the Taran Duke, he was a ruthless monster without blood or tears. And now the rumors surrounding her were completely groundless.

In her dream, Lucia got a lot of information concerning the social circles from the rumors but now that she thought about it, most of them were probably lies.

Lucia made a small commitment to herself to not listen to rumors in the future unless she had personally met the individual concerned.

“I hear you have been the escort of His Highness the Crown Prince. Is it okay to be here at this time?”

“Okay or not, I won’t do it anymore. Even if it is Lord’s orders, I won’t! Do you know how hard it is to not go anywhere and just escort for more than a year? Even if it was fun to kill assassins from time to time, I want to quit right now.”

“...Ah, I see. It must have been hard.”

“But, what of my Lord?”

“He’s not in. He went out.”

“Darn. I ran over to have a round with my Lord cuz it’s been a while.”

“...A round? Do you mean fighting His Grace the Duke?”

“Mm? Hahaha! It’s right to call it a fight. A duel is a fight too.”

“Ah...a duel. Isn’t that dangerous?”

“There is no danger. We aren’t amateurs either. It’s only dangerous to those that swing the sword carelessly. Haven’t you ever watched a duel?”

“I haven’t. But His Grace might get hurt...”

‘Puhahaha!’ Roy burst into loud laughter.

“Hurt? Ah, even saying that is absurd. There is no one in the world that can hurt even the fingers of my Lord.”

‘Is he really such a great Knight?’

Hugo’s physique overwhelmed that of a knight’s. But maybe because Lucia had never actually seen him wield a sword, it didn’t feel real to her. She ran a workshop in her dream so she knew a little bit about those that were called Knights.

While they were uncompromising and simple, sometimes their temper exploded and then they were like an angry bisons, ignoring what was in front of them.

‘He isn’t like a knight at all.’

She couldn’t feel the peculiar rough ambiance of a knight from Hugo.

‘Could it be because he is a Duke before he is a knight?’

Even though she had met a considerable amount of knights in her dream, she had rarely come across noble knights. Which also included a knighted Duke.

So she was slightly suspicious. Maybe the rumors about his military acts were more exaggerated because he was a Duke. In the first place, rumors were groundless so it was possible. If someone that knew the Duke of Taran heard her thoughts, they would be jaw-drop speechless.

“Sir Krotin!”

A voice as sharp as day interrupted them. Jerome approached the two of them with a stiff expression. Roy gave a silly smile and his expression was awkward as he spoke.

“Hello. Long time.”

Jerome fixed Roy a sharp glare then spoke politely to Lucia.

“Milady. If you go out without a maid, you may encounter some trouble.”

“Ah, you did say that before. I will make sure to be careful.”

Lucia inwardly rebuked herself for her thoughtlessness then she gave Roy a slight nod and began to head to the mansion, leaving the two men alone. Jerome watched until Lucia was inside the mansion then he turned to look at Roy.

“What is this insolence! That is the Lady of the House of Taran. She is not someone you can meet in a place where no one is around!”

This was the capital where one couldn’t know where eyes were hidden. And all sorts of scandals in the Capital originated from incidents that didn’t amount to much initially.

“Sorry.”

“I am saying you should be a little more careful.”

“Ah, I said I’m sorry. Even though I haven’t seen her in a long time, she truly hasn’t changed so I was just glad to see the Duchess.”

“Personal feelings, whatever it may be, should not be expressed carelessly, to a woman who had a husband. Do not assume that Master will forever be generous. If a terrible rumor of Milady arises because of Sir Krotin, he will be very angry.”

“Hmm. But the lord hasn’t ever been angry because of a women.”

“This is not just any woman but the Madam. Watch your words.”

The sight of Jerome acting like a mother protecting her cub was so unfamiliar that Roy blinked in surprise. Jerome was not inferior to Roy in behaving impolitely to the Duke’s women.

If Roy was the outspoken one, Jerome was the one that quietly considered scrapping them. In that sense, the two of them were strangely in great sync.

But apart from that, there was a big difference between them. Roy displayed amusement and bad temper, while Jerome faced the women with utter coldness like a Duchess that had forgotten her duty.

Except for that, the two men were incompatible. They were like cat and mouse. The amusing thing was that Roy was much stronger yet Jerome was the cat. Whenever Roy caused trouble, Jerome came out with enormous nagging and criticism.

The Roy that was fine with Hugo’s tendency to beat him up when he was mad, would only shrink in front of Jerome. Roy acted as he pleased, with nothing to fear, and he felt an inferiority similar to admiration about Jerome who was always precise and unyielding in his actions.

“Does the lord to that woman...”

At Jerome fierce glare, Roy quickly changed his words.

“Does the lord...like the Duchess?”

“Yes.”

“A lot?”

“A lot.”

“Mm. Then, if I am as before, will the lord be angry?”

“Extremely angry.”

One could only be glad if it ended with merely anger. Jerome was sincerely worried about Roy and was giving him a strong warning. If it was some other thing, Master would generously forgive to Roy. But if it concerned the madam, there would be no forgiveness at all.

“Okay. Well, it’s alright, I also don’t dislike that wom...the Duchess.”

“...Why?”

“How do I put this. She doesn’t give off a bad smell.”

“Smell? Do you mean perfume?”

The Madam wasn’t one to spray excessive perfume. In fact, Jerome also like this point of hers. The perfume of noble ladies was usually so potent that even if it was just two people, the smells got mixed up giving someone a headache.

“It’s not that...”

Roy was used to instinctively grasping the general temperament of a person when dealing with them. It was because of this that the Crown Prince took a fancy to him even though Roy was just staying at the Crown Prince’s side because of his lord’s orders.

Roy had bounded himself to Hugo for a similar reason too. The biggest reason was that he really liked his lord and the reason after that was because he didn’t particularly hate anyone that was around his lord.

“Anyways, it’s something like that. I get it now so I’ll be careful. I want to sleep till the lord is back. Where can I sleep?”

“...Follow me.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (4)

TN: (๑˃ᴗ˂)ﻭ

Hugo leaned on his arms in thought as he sat in the carriage heading towards the ducal residence. From his expression, it was impossible to guess what he was thinking about. Fabian sat on the opposite side of the carriage and made a careful attempt to gauge his master’s mood.

“Shall I look into Sir Krotin’s whereabouts?”

According to the Crown Prince, the Knight Roy Krotin disappeared without a word and his whereabouts were unknown. Insubordination, unauthorized absence and negligence. If one were to charge Roy of these crimes, it was not just once or twice.

“For someone like him, he has endured for long.”

Fabian couldn’t help but fully agree with that statement. In fact, it was amazing that Roy had lasted for more than a year without causing any trouble and was only giving a protest now.

“Leave it alone. He’s probably sleeping somewhere and will crawl in later.”

When Roy was done fooling around and showed himself, Hugo planned to give him some long due ‘advice’. It was around time for the efficacy of the last ‘medicine’ to have fallen.

“And as for the escort matter, I think that’s enough, it can stop now.”

Although Kwiz was still a prince, the gap between his present royal authority and his authority before the King died was like heaven and earth. Kwiz was under escort and guarding, not lacking to that of a King’s.

If someone were to move rashly against Kwiz, they would be charged with treason and their entire family would be under the danger of extermination, hence, there was no one that would move carelessly or take risks at this time.

“Yes, Your Grace.”

‘Just as I expected. His Grace is lenient with Roy.’

If Roy were to hear this, he would frantically argue that there was no way the Duke was lenient with him since he was beaten mercilessly however, the Duke’s leniency was acknowledged by all but Roy.

His master did not treat anyone else the way he treated Roy. Fabian somehow felt like he knew why. Roy was the only person that faced the Duke of Taran with cheekiness and without being afraid. When the Duke of Taran was with Roy, at times, he would seem like an normal person.

‘Mad dog, huh...what a fitting nickname.’

Nowadays, in the Capital, the knight Krotin was referred to as the ‘rabid dog Krotin’. There was a time when Fabian used to be worried that Roy would get into trouble for acting cheeky in front of the Duke.

That fellow certainly suited the name, mad dog. For a mad dog knows no fear.

“Who is the most famous designer in the Capital?” (Hugo)

“There are a few. From here...”

Fabian looked out the window and roughly gauged their current location.

“The nearest place is Monsieur Jeffrey’s boutique or Madame Antoine’s boutique.”

The male designer was immediately excluded from Hugo’s choice.

“Turn the carriage. Head to Antoine’s boutique.”

Immediately the carriage changed directions and began to head towards the Madame Antoine’s boutique. Antoine was definitely one of the famous designers in the capital. But, it was difficult to say that she was the most famous.

Depending on the dressing style that one preferred, the best designer would differ from person to person. The reason Antoine could catch a big customer today, was firstly because she was female and secondly because the location of her boutique was closest to the Duke’s carriage.

Even though the Duke of Taran did not make an appointment in advance and was interrupting at closing time, he was treated as a VVIP and received into the VIP suite.

High-class boutiques were very sensitive to information on the power situation of the country. Their main customers were wealthy and the wealthy were mainly high-ranking nobles and the high-ranking nobles were mainly people in power.

It was a sensitive time, now that power was reorganized on such a huge scale. Although there was some factor of unrest, most people expected the Crown Prince to become King without fail.

The fact that the Duke of Taran was the closest adviser of the new King was something that anyone with a little grasp of the current political atmosphere would know. It was the emerging dominance of a powerhouse that nobody would be able to deal with in the future.

To the powerful Duke, his richness was just an extra bonus but that extra bonus was the most attractive to Antoine.

As a highly prideful designer and the owner of her own boutique, Antoine strove to establish her pride in front of her tolerable nobles customers but today, in front of the Duke of Taran, she did not plan to doing so. She was very amiable and welcomed her guests personally.

“It is an honor to meet your distinguished personage. Your Grace.”

“I do not appreciate talking for long so I will be brief.”

“Please, go ahead.”

“I need a dress for my wife.”

The hottest topic in society, the Duchess! Antoine fought to control her expression in order to avoid revealing her interest.

“Is Her Grace accompanying you? Is she waiting in the carriage?”

“I have heard that designers can personally visit on commission.”

“Yes, of course. Your Grace. When would you like me to visit?”

“Tomorrow...”

On a second thought, tomorrow was not going to be possible. Today was fifth day in the ‘once every five days’ rule. Maybe because of the accumulate fatigue from travel but ever since she came to the capital, it had been difficult to do her to his heart’s content.

Moreover, yesterday, he was only a slightly late in returning home but she was already fast asleep. She had a huge fever before coming to the capital so Hugo was very sensitive about his wife’s health.

He didn’t want to wake her up when she was tired and in deep sleep so he just hugged her and slept.

Today, he planned to have a passionate night with her, doing both today’s and yesterday’s part. If she rested all day tomorrow, it wouldn’t be too much for the designer to visit her the day after tomorrow.

“No. Let’s have you come in next tomorrow.”

“You mean...in two days?”

Antoine was a famous designer. There were lines of people waiting to be fitted in her dresses. Nowadays, especially because of the upcoming coronation, it was busy day and night. Her schedule was tightly packed for a month.

Even when she wasn’t busy, she usually left a margin of at least a week to schedule a date. The sudden demand of a schedule in two days was difficult. However, Antoine was only worried for a short moment. In the first place, the customer in front of her was incredibly huge.

Antoine flicked her abacus and compared the publicity to be gained from the Duchess wearing an Antoine designed dress versus the damage to be received from the immediate and impractical schedule change.

The Duchess was at the center of conversation in the social circles. She had gone straight to her husband’s territory as soon as she got married and no one had ever seen her properly.

Whenever the noble ladies were being fitted for dresses in Antoine’s boutique, they filled Antoine’s ears with talks of the Duchess. The first appearance of the Duchess in the circles would certainly be an event of great interest.

“Understood. I will do as you say.”

Antoine replied readily. She looked forward to meeting the rumored Duchess and that had also played a part in her reply.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 61 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (4)

TN: Hello! Since the previous translator is back, I will be dropping this novel. My new project is Invisible Dragon! (This is a joke....)

“My wife is frugal. She thinks that it is a waste to buy a number of dresses.” (Hugo)

“Oh my.” (Antoine)

“But I think that my wife is deserving of the best as my Lady of the House.”

“What might you mean?”

“Ensure that you arrange everything you need, regardless of cost. It is in your capability to one way or the other, manage to persuade my wife. Depending on the capability shown, I will decide on whether or not to continue working with you in the future.”

At first, Antoine didn’t understand what the Duke was talking about but slowly, understanding began to fill her eyes. She had sometimes heard of a husband, or a father, sending someone to try and curb the senseless spending of their wife or daughter, but this was the first time she was seeing someone requesting to have their money spent.

‘Oh my goodness. The Duke of Taran is such a romanticist!’

Antoine gazed at the Duke of Taran with an entranced look in her eyes. It was the same gaze she used to look at the gold in her secret safe.

“Are you saying...not to worry about the cost?”

“Unreasonable charges will be refused.”

“Ho-ho. We are not a senseless boutique.”

Antoine quickly wrote down her estimated figures on a memo. Antoine loved romance and at the same time, she was a realist.

She knew that love didn’t feed anyone. Only love based on gold was eternal!

Antoine’s mind cleverly mulled over how to make the ambiguous boundary of ‘regardless of cost’ clearer. She wrote down half of her considered maximum amount and placed it before the Duke. Just in case, it was to her advantage to take the pride of her customer into consideration.

“What do you think?”

Antoine was asking if he could handle a price of this extent. A dress was quite the expensive luxury. The newer the article, the more unique and exclusive the design, the higher the price skyrocketed. Antoine had seen people boast to their lovers about a dress and enter the boutique then their hearts would sink at the price and their prides would be damaged.

Hugo didn’t even blink at this challenge from Antoine. He smiled mockingly, picked up the pen and added a 0 behind the amount, dealing her a KO in a single blow.

When Antoine got back the memo, her hand shook repeatedly. Gasp. She felt breathless and grabbed her chest. Eureka! Fanfare burst out over her head. Luck fairies jingled tambourines as she hit the greatest jackpot of her life.

“I...I will definitely come visit in two days.”

“I look forward to seeing your capability.”

“Please, leave it to me.”

“Ah, I would also like you to introduce me to a good jeweler.”

It was too cumbersome to carry much of the family-owned ornaments from Roam to the capital. Above all else, the fact that she didn’t have much jewelry kept bothering him.

Like a hungry beast positioned before flesh, Antoine’s eyes sparkled and she gave a buoyant smile.

“I will guide Your Grace to a jeweler that loses out sli~ghtly when compared to the Duchess’s elegance but can never lose when compared to other places.”

Antoine went out of the building with all of her staff and they gave a deep bow to send off the Duke of Taran. When the carriage was no longer in sight, Antoine gracefully straightened her waist and her eyes were ablaze with passion.

“The schedule adjustment goes into effect, right now! No matter what, the day after tomorrow shall be completely empty! Prepare every dress, shoe, hat, made so far to go into the design book!”

At Antoine’s instructions, her assistants began to move frantically. It was likely that from today till tomorrow night, light wouldn’t go out in Antoine’s boutique.

***

The carriage arrived the jewelry store recommended by Antoine. The manager of the jewelry was a close partner of Antoine’s. Being fully thorough, Antoine had placed someone next to the coachman to guide the path of the carriage.

Sepia jewelry had already gotten news ahead of time, chased away their few curious customers and closed the door of their shop, preparing to welcome only one customer.

When the carriage arrived, someone was already waiting to receive the Duke with the highest etiquette.

Hugo browsed through the display of necklaces and bracelets, pointing to a couple items as he looked.

The items in Sepia Jewelry were high-class and cost up to five figures in the capital but in the eyes of Hugo who had seen all sorts of jewelry, they weren’t much.

In his mind, it couldn’t be helped that the quality was low since he was buying them in a hurry.

Who knew whether he was really buying, or just window-shopping for he simply glanced at the items brought out, and pointed to something else again.

But no one seemed uncomfortable. Even if they were not told by Antoine in advance, it was common sense in the industry that when a big-shot of this level visited, the income from the visit was not small at all.

Several employees followed Hugo closely, moving as swiftly as possible and at some point, the presenting table was filled with jewelry.

“Let’s go with this.”

“Which one do you mean exactly...?”

The general manager rubbed his hands, lowering himself subserviently. The items presented to the Duke were all high-priced articles so, selling even one or two was a big hit.

“All of it.”

“Do...D-Do you mean everything?”

“Isn’t it for sale?”

“No! No, I mean, you’re right! We will have it ready immediately!”

The general manager trembled with delight. When he thought of the commission from the sale today, he felt like bursting into laughter.

“How long will it take?”

“A...A little wait...it will be out soon.”

Hugo picked up a clear yellow teardrop-shaped sapphire necklace from the table(1). It resembles the color of her eyes.

“Pack this up now and deliver the rest.”

“If it is not urgent, may we deliver at daybreak tomorrow? These are high-quality items so we wish to guarantee their safety.”

“You may.”

After almost emptying a jewelry shop, Hugo finally went home.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (5)

TN: ( ´ ▽ ` ) I plan on finishing this novel, ok?!

Upon his master’s return to the mansion, Jerome received his master’s coat and reported the small incident that happened earlier in the day.

“So. In summary, you do not know where that fellow is.”

“Yes, Your Grace. I am sorry.”

Roy woke up after getting a long lazy sleep and stealthily slipped away. Maybe he got scared since Hugo was about to return. If that fellow made up his mind to escape, no one couldn’t find him, and even if they knew where he was, there was no one with the ability to drag him back unless Hugo went there personally.

“When he shows himself later, tell him I said he should stay put. Do not try to seize him by force.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

After taking a bath, Hugo went into his wife’s bedroom. He went up behind her as she sat in front of the dressing table, kissed the back of her neck and fastened the necklace he bought on her neck.

At the coldness on her neck, Lucia flinched and looked in the mirror to see what was on her neck then her eyes widened in surprise. The teardrop-shaped jewel twinkled brightly in the mirror.

“You don’t like it?”

“Ah no, it’s not that. It’s pretty. I was just wondering what day it is.”

“Gifts aren’t only for special occasions.”

“I’m asking because I don’t really know but...this isn’t an exorbitantly priced jewelry, is it?”

When she thought of the present he gave her for her birthday this spring, she felt overwhelmed, like her stomach was still upset. Following his first gift of a white diamond necklace, he presented her with a red diamond necklace this spring.

Because the diamonds weren’t as heavy as the ones of the white diamond necklace, she wore it to her next tea party. A noble lady, particularly interested in jewelry, instantly recognized the red diamond necklace, and mouthed off about how much it could be won for at a jewelry auction.

Hearing the enormous sum, Lucia had felt faint. She had expected it to be expensive but the price was way above her expectations.

“Do you want something like that? Maybe at the jewelry auction next month...”

“No!”

Seeing the serious look on her face, Hugo chuckled and turned around. He climbed onto the bed and plopped down with his hands on the pillow.

“Your husband is rich. Try to enjoy being a woman that has a rich husband.”

Instead of giving an answer, Lucia smiled weakly. She was born poor. Even when she lived as Count Matin’s wife, she was unable enjoy the luxury. She didn’t worry about starving to death in the dream but she always worried about her livelihood.

It was not that she lived with the values of honest poverty but that the circumstances were just not well.

However, Lucia could not forget the Duchess that she saw in her dream. The Duchess was draped in expensive garments and ornaments but she did not seem happy at all.

Lucia felt like she would change and become like the Duchess from her dream if he were to leave her. Unable to escape the luxury that was once tasted and trying to fill the void in her heart with it.

She didn’t want to step into that unescapable swamp.

“Do you dislike jewelry? Or is it that you dislike it because of the person giving it?”

“Why do you say that? I am grateful. It is pretty and I like it.”

“I know you’re not being sincere.”

He didn’t expect her to react dramatically like other women did but he was upset that she looked strangely burdened by his gift.

Time and time again, he was shocked by her words asking if he would cheat in the capital. It were as though she would give him anything when she opened up and fully accepted him on the bed but in reality, her heart was closed and she did not trust him. What other way was there if she refused even his gifts?

She did not acknowledge his persistent efforts to obtain her heart. Just the sight of her made him feel her preciousness, and just the thought of her made him feel jittery inside yet his Ice Witch did even not think of melting at all.

“Are you angry?”

“I am not.”

He replied sourly, contrary to his words. Lucia gazed at him in thought.

‘If it were in the past, I would have been hurt by his blunt words.’

She probably wouldn’t have said a word and suffered in silence. However, now, she could afford to not worry too much even if he was grumbling. When did she become able to confidently tell him, ‘you can go and sleep in your room today?’

Lucia stood up, her gaze fixed on him. She slowly took off her bathrobe and it fell to the floor, revealing her nude body underneath. He, who was lying down indifferently, jolted upright.

Feeling his stunned red eyes staring at her intensely, she looked at him and her eyes curved beautifully as she smiled. Looking at his wife smiling like an enchantress as the amber necklace glistened off her fair skin, Hugo’s mind went blank.

Lucia walked towards the bed without looking away from his hardened center. Her boldness surprising even herself.

He always gazed at her passionately. His gaze was as though he was seeing the fantastical beauty from the rumors. At first, she felt embarrassed but as she got used to his gaze, she began to think, ‘maybe I am a little attractive.’

And when she enticed him, she became confident that she could go forward with it. She climbed onto the bed and slowly approached him on her knees. She looked into his wavering red eyes that were as though she had seized them and smiled.

It was a crafty smile that she herself did not realize. Hugo was frozen stiff as he watched her climb over his body and mount him. She sat down as tightly as possible on the center of his thighs.

His rigid penis peaked from beneath his bathrobe, pressing hard against her behind. His Adam’s apple moved flinchingly. She grabbed the necklace on her neck and lifted the yellow sapphire to her lips then she gave him an odd smile.

“The necklace, does it suit me?”

“...Very.”

His voice sounded strained.

“It’s not that I don’t like the gift but I have a small liver(1). Please understand that I worry of you going bankrupt.”

“Even if the sky splits in two, that won’t happen.”

Lucia slid her hands into his bathrobe and slowly caressed his firm chest. Meeting his quivering gaze, she felt a thrill of excitement from the situation she was leading.

“They say the luxury of a woman can shake the foundation of a nation.”

Much less that of a family. Although Hugo knew what she meant, he was thinking that if she wanted, he would set up a nation and give it to her.

“Shake as much as you want.”

The Taran family could handle that much. Even though Hugo grit his teeth at the disgusting history of his family, he acknowledged its strength. At his arrogant confidence, Lucia smiled as if it couldn’t be helped. Humility was not the virtue of Hugo Taran.

He drew in to kiss her but she tilted her head backwards slightly. He tried again, but she avoided it again.

His seething expression revealed his wonder at her actions and she kissed his lips, catching him by surprise then she quickly pulled away. Seeing his eyes ablaze as he panted, Lucia burst out in laughter. He was at the brink of pouncing on her.

She caressed his cheeks and kissed him again. This time too, he was unable to refuse her attack. Unwilling to be outdone, he held the back of her neck, kissing her fiercely.

She followed the movements of his tongue as it deeply fondled every corner of her mouth and her hands clutching the front of his robe trembled. His hot tongue wrapped around her tongue, drawing her in. His frenzied kiss continued for a long time.

In the meantime, his hands explored above her waist, sweeping up to her shoulders. After a good while, he moved away and Lucia gazed at him with misty eyes. Like an afterimage, she could still feel the movements of his tongue occupying her mouth.

Looking at her swollen lips, Hugo licked his lips.

“Where did you learn these things?”

Lucia laughed at the puzzlement in his voice

“From you.”

“I don’t remember that.”

“Applying what one has learnt is the attitude of a good student.”

He gave an odd smile as though saying he was in trouble then mumbled.

“It’s a good thing I’m not king.”

“Huh?”

He felt like he would become a wild king that ruins his country because of a woman. While muttering that to himself, he wrapped his hands around her waist and took her pale breast into his mouth.

“Ah!”

In an instant, he stole the initiative. Lucia moaned and twisted at his intense caresses. He always wanted her passionately. And she was also the same.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 62 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (5)

TN: (//▽//)

With every intense thrust from behind, Lucia’s body shook tremendously. She squeezed the sheets tightly, trying to hold on, but her arms kept wobbling.

“A-! Aah!”

He grabbed her waist and mercilessly thrust his penis in and out of her. Because of their position, his thrusts could reach deeper and her insides felt jittery. It was too deep. She couldn’t tell if it was pain or pleasure as she screamed coquettishly.

“Ah! Ang!”

Whenever his thigh hit her butt, her body shook in response and her eyes glistened with tears. His relentless thrusts showed no signs of ending. Unable to bear the pressure any longer, her arms fell and her upper body collapsed.

Her knees could barely support her and were trembling in exhaustion. She felt herself running out of breath as her cheeks rubbed against the sheets. Her eyes heated up and tears fell from her eyes and onto the sheets.

“No...No more. Hk...”

In spite of her pleas, he slammed against her butt, pushing even deeper. At the stimulus, her insides squeezed his penis tightly causing him to flinch then he resumed his intense thrusts.

The sensation of his firm manhood plunging deep into her caused her body to jerk and twitch. Every time he ravaged her insides, a thrill ran up her spine and her sight flickered repeatedly.

“Hugh...Haa...Tired...I’m tired.”

“Good girl. It’s almost...over. Just a little more.”

His voice was cracked and heavily subdued as he spoke in a soothing manner. Lucia knew from experience. The him right now was like something had snapped in his brain. Pleas wouldn’t get to him.

It was only once in a while but there were times he would keep pushing ruthlessly. Every time that happened, she would feel like she was bitten and drained by a large fang.

“...I’m in trouble. You’re squeezing so tight...can’t even breathe.” (Hugo)

“Hk. Don’t...say that...”

Lucia wanted to block her ears. Even though his erotic taunts were embarrassing, she was more embarrassed at the excitement that coursed through her body at his words.

Every time he rammed into her, her body trembled threateningly as though it would fall. If it weren’t for his strong hands holding onto her hips and thighs, she would have already fallen. Even though she was extremely tired, she could feel her vagina walls going into spasms.

Every time her inner walls pulsed like a heartbeat, his breathing grew rough. His muscular frame drove her curvy body and his flowing sweat fell onto her back.

It was the first time she was led to climax so many times while only being taken from behind(1). Since it was an exhausting position for her, it wasn’t one that they usually maintained for long.

Her tears and pleas as she trembled and accepted his penis, stimulated his beast-like desire for conquest and possession. She was his. His woman. No matter how much of her he had, it was not enough.

“Hugh. Please...Hhng!”

“If you want me to stop.....stop tightening. You won’t let me go.”

One of his hands began to knead her breast and she felt a smarting pain from his bite on the back of her neck. This time she groaned. She had no strength to move her waist. His raging erection showed no sign of abating and he repeatedly penetrated her body with great force.

His semen, from his several previous ejaculations, drooled down her thighs with every merciless thrust. The sound of squelching and smacking could be continuously heard as his thighs repeatedly met her buttocks.

Lucia felt dizzy from her constantly shaking vision and closed her eyes. He grabbed her hair, controlling his strength to avoid hurting her.

His other hand wrapped around her stomach and lifted her up in order to elevate her buttocks. Her hands closed around the sheets, gripping it tightly.

“Hk!”

He gave a heavy thrust and released into her. At the feeling of his searing hot fluid pouring into her vagina, her entire body shuddered and trembled.

Filled with enjoyment from the sexual pleasure, Hugo let out a subdued moan. He wanted to sow his seeds deep inside her womb. If his seeds were to take root and sprout in the depths of her body, she might become his completely.

‘Damn it.’

That was impossible.

When her inner walls finally stopped convulsing and her tightness had loosened somewhat, he began to pull out slowly. He released his hand supporting her body and like that, she quietly fell onto the bed.

Apart from her shoulders moving up and down as she panted, she didn’t move an inch. Cloudy liquid, unswallowed by her vagina, ran down her thighs. Seeing this, his red eyes ignited as though set on fire.

Hugo’s throat felt parched. It was akin to drinking salt water to quench one’s thirst; his thirst seemed like it would lessen if he held her but worsened instead. It was extremely hard to reign it in.

Hugo slowly closed his eyes and reopened them. Upon doing so, his eyes that were murky with desire had become much clearer. This was enough. He forced down his turbulent desires. He brushed away her hair wet with sweat and revealed her round forehead.

Her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. It was unknown if she was asleep as her wet eyelashes rose tremblingly. Before shutting her eyes, she had fixed him a gaze full of reproach.

His lips curved gently and he stroked her hair, feeling apologetic. The slight crease on her delicate forehead slowly unfolded.

He put on his robe, wrapped her body with the sheets, and lifted her body into his arms. She opened her eyes slightly and closed it again. She had no strength to respond and her body dangled from his arms.

He walked out of the bedroom and headed towards the bathroom. A prepared warm bath should still be available.

***

Lucia slept like the dead and woke up when the sun was high in the sky.

‘I’m so stiff.’

It wasn’t a bad thing that her husband was a man of great stamina but sometimes, it was a problem when he went over the limit.

After groaning and finally getting up, Lucia was greeted to a small pile of jewelry that was delivered in the morning.

In the receiving room, a stack of jewels lay piled up on the table as though presenting themselves to Lucia. The maid’s eyes twinkled with pride as though saying ‘hurry up and see them’.

‘This man, really.’

Lucia was stunned speechless and couldn’t believe her eyes. Even for presents, there was a limit. How much would all this be? She felt a headache coming.

She thought of telling him her thoughts on his excessive spending when he came back in the evening but, the events from the previous night flashed into her mind.

‘...He’ll get upset.’

He certainly would. Yesterday, he was sulking that she received his necklace unenthusiastically so if she asked him to return them, he might get angry. There was no need to make him feel bad after he had gone out of his way to give her a present.

[Even if you are gifted a single flower, embrace him and thank him like there is no gift more precious in world, and if there is any passion, that passion will overflow.] (2)

The advice that she heard from the northern noblewomen came to mind.

‘Alright. It’s being given anyways so let’s accept it rather than leave it to rot. It’s still money if it’s sold again.’

As she could not see all the contents of the gifts from just looking at it, she carefully unpacked the contents of the boxes, one by one and the afternoon passed with her trying each one on herself.

In the evening, he came back early and they were able to have dinner together.

During the meal, he said, “Tomorrow, a designer will be visiting. I am of the opinion that you need a dress.”

“...a dress?”

“This is the capital. If you wear outdated dresses like in Roam, you will be subject to ridicule. The prestige of the Lady of the House is the prestige of the family.”

Lucia did not say anything to that because his words were true. The nobles of the capital were particularly sensitive to fashion. In particular, the attire of high-ranking noblewomen was the main gossip of many women.

Even if she could not to become a fashion leader, it would be difficult if she drew ridicule upon herself with her attire. Indeed, it would seem that the dresses she had presently were not suitable for her upcoming social activities in the capital.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (6)

TN: (≧ڡ≦*) We’re sticking with Katherine~

After their meal, Lucia took a walk with him in the yard. When they were in Roam, he would often take evening walks with her whenever he had time. Her husband was a busy and diligent man.

There wasn’t much of his time that she could have before they retired to bed. So, Lucia was much happier with this leisure time of walking with him than receiving an expensive gift.

“They were all individually beautiful and lovely. Did you choose everything yourself?” (Lucia)

“I did.” (Hugo)

Hugo had just packed them up after one glance but it was correct to say he chose everything himself.

“Do you like it?” (Hugo)

“Yes, thank you.”

Lucia was more grateful for his heart of giving rather than any jewelry.

“You seem to know a lot about female jewelry. I guess because you’ve gifted a lot.”

Lucia wanted to take those words after ot left her mouth. She had no intention of criticizing him and thought that her words had crossed the line. She felt he would be displeased and was about to apologize for her slip of the tongue but he spoke first.

“Vivian.”

He gave a deep sigh, reached out to hold her wrists and stopped walking.

“Can’t you forget the things that happened before we got married?”

Lucia thought he might get angry but he looked unexpectedly vulnerable. She gazed at him blankly.

“Do I keep mentioning things from before our marriage? I’ll be careful in the future.”

“That is not what I meant. This is from a while ago but, do you remember what you said when you asked to modify our contract?”

[Please do not go making lovers without my knowledge. If you get tired or disgusted of me, and want to leave me for another woman, please tell me first. I do not wish to hear it from another person’s mouth.] (1)

“Yes. I remember.”

“I won’t have a lover without your knowledge not will I leave you because I am tired or disgusted of you so I would like it if you trusted me.”

Lucia’s heart began to race. She didn’t know the intention behind his words. A huge whirlwind began to sweep through her mind. She was the one that made a mistake. She didn’t have any reason or right to criticize or mention his past actions before their marriage.

It was possible that he had a personality which was bogged down by rules. Therefore, after the legal contract of marriage was established, he kept to it strictly.

However, that didn’t agree with the person that Lucia had been watching all this time. He was a wilful person that had no qualms of changing the existing rules to suit himself.

“...Why?”

Lucia couldn’t make heads or tails of what he was thinking and mumbled absentmindedly as she looked at him. She wanted him to say something, anything, so she could draw a conclusion that ‘ah, it was a meaningless remark’.

However, his pupils quivered with disappointment. He made a face that said he didn’t know what to say. He repeatedly opened his mouth as if to say something then he closed it.

‘Why...?’

Lucia felt her fingers going numb so she clenched and unclenched her fists. This man in front of her. He was hurt.

The man whom Sir Krotin was so confident of, that no one under the sky could hurt even his fingers, was now in pain from her short words.

A long time ago, Lucia had once felt like this. When she had sharply told him that she would never fall in love with him, just for a short moment, she peeked at his pain.

At the time, she was not in a situation to think deeply so she had pushed it aside. It was such a long time ago that she had almost forgotten her feeling from back then. But now, she was left with a bitter taste in her mouth.

‘Could I have...’

Her heart felt too full for words and ached like it was guilty. It hurt but it was a pain that she hoped wouldn’t end forever.

‘Do I...mean something to you?’ (Lucia)

After carefully choosing with words, Hugo opened his mouth.

“I know you cannot believe me. And I understand why.”

He had made a lot of mistakes with her. Ever since their encounter with Sofia Lawrence, it was the worst. Before they got married, he brought documents and told her not to interfere in his private life.

He omitted the wedding ceremony because he found it bothersome, on their first wedding night, he only satisfied his greed and didn’t take her into consideration. It was himself that thoroughly sought out her body.

“I will try. So, look kindly on me.”

‘Why? Why and for what reason are you trying?’

Lucia looked at him in silence for her question wasn’t answered. As her silence grew longer, Hugo sighed and turned away, sweeping a hand through his hair.

Looking at him fidgeting, Lucia’s eyes gradually began to grow clearer and brighter.

‘Is it a whim?’

She did not know what he did to his other lovers. She didn’t know how he whispered words of love to the person he was once most affectionate with.

The only thing she had seen was the scene of him heartlessly rejecting his lover. And that scene was deeply rooted in her heart as a fundamental fear. She thought that someday, she may be in Sofia Lawrence’s position.

“...I do not care about what happened before our marriage.” (Lucia)

“Really?” (Hugo)

“I do not have the right to.”

“...”

I’m going crazy. Hugo mumbled under his breath. Could any wall be stronger than this? She didn’t, even for an instant, step away from the line that she drew around herself.

“I believe in you.” (Lucia)

“...You do...?”

“I believe that if you get a lover, you will tell me and not meet in secret. You keep your promises.”

Sure enough, she was a witch. In a short moment, she shoved him down a cliff then she pulled him up again. Hugo felt bleak. He didn’t where to start from to unravel the twisted strings. His previous solutions of cutting the twisted strings instead of unraveling them, was of no help in this situation.

“Why do you want me to trust you?” (Lucia)

Hugo was at loss for words. He hadn’t thought about the reason. He barely managed to make up an excuse.

“...You cannot live in the same house with someone you cannot trust.”

When she began to watch him in silence again, Hugo grew nervous wondering if he made a mistake.

‘I have no idea.’ (Lucia)

She knew but she didn’t. It seemed like she was getting close to the answer but it also seemed like she was back to the beginning.

‘Does he...?’

It was a very slight suspicion but Lucia didn’t think it was possible.

Lucia held expectations that she would someday receive his love. It was a vague and huge desire that she didn’t know when it would be accomplished. It could not be that simple. So, she excluded that option while looking for the reason why he was being this way.

‘He does quite like me.’

His actions were not just him being dutiful as a husband. Of course she knew that he saw her favorably and treated her well.

‘Is it that he needs trust because he is fond of me?’

He was a knight, the lord of a family and the lord of a large territory. He was in a position where he couldn’t place someone that he didn’t trust beside him. Trust is completed when it is shared with the other. When she thought of it like that, she could somewhat understand it, although not entirely.

“What you’re saying is...what you mean is, you will be faithful as a husband, so I should trust you, right?”

When she put it like that, it seemed right but also didn’t. Hugo couldn’t exactly put his finger on it so he just nodded.

“Okay, I will.” (Lucia)

Her answer was concise, contradicting the suspense he had been in so far. Hugo looked at her doubtfully. He was afraid she would say something and stab him in the back.(3)

“Depending on how you do.” (Lucia)

Nevertheless, she didn’t betray his uneasy expectations.

“...If it’s a joke, it’s not amusing.”

“I’m not joking.”

Actually, she had said it as a joke but when he took it so seriously, she got embarrassed. She threw out those words prudishly, turned and began to walk ahead.

He looked at her absentmindedly then he took a step forward. He didn’t know what to do to get her to trust him. With the way things were going, he wondered if she would hear some absurd rumor and change her mind.

‘I have to call Fabian.’

Fabian was pronounced to be working overtime today again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 63 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (6)

TN:_へ__(‾◡◝ )> BONUS RELEASE 2. I do want to apologize for failing to get these all out this month. I’ve been both busy and sick. Anyways, triple release. TADA.

Antoine arrived at the ducal residence with two assistants and several workers. She ordered the workers to neatly display the sample dresses, hats and shoes that she brought along with her in the receiving room.

It was a usual task so they worked very cooperatively and in the blink of an eye, the atmosphere of the receiving room was changed to that of a boutique’s.

Lucia came down from the second floor after hearing that the designer had arrived and paused as she walked into the receiving room that was now unfamiliar.

Just in time, thee workers finished their task and quickly rushed out while Antoine and her two assistants who were standing behind her, gave a deep bow.

“I offer my greetings to the Duchess. I am called Antoine, manager of a small boutique.”

Lucia had often heard the name Antoine. It was her first time meeting Antoine but the woman was very famous in her dream. Antoine was one of the first-class designers that dominated in popularity among noblewomen.

But Countess Lucia was unable to even conceive the idea of buying a dress from a famous designer. Count Matin spent all his money like water but was terribly stingy to everyone but himself, even if it was family. Lucia could only wear a few fashionable dresses after fixing them countless times.

‘This will be expensive.’

That was the first thought that came to Lucia’s mind. But, when she went out to the social circles, the talk of the women would be who designed the Duchess’ dress.

It was not possible for anyone to create fashion on their own(1). If they didn’t have skill, the easiest way was to get help from a famous designer.

“It’s nice to meet you. I heard you would be coming to help me today.”

“It is an honor to meet your noble personage.”

Antoine averted her gaze in order not to give the impression that she was blatantly observing but with her sharp falcon eyes, she quickly grasped the overall feel and appearance of the Duchess. Thanks to her experience with countless customers, this didn’t take long.

Antoine was thrilled with excitement before coming to the ducal residence today. Ever since she became a well-known designer, it was her first time feeling so nervous before meeting a client. She could once again feel the excitement that she felt in the days when she was doing her first fittings as a trainee.

Antoine had already heard that the Duke had swept away all the merchandise on display at Sepia Jewelry.

The golden egg she would soon acquire dangled before her eyes, and her heart raced at the appearance of the romanticist Duke that stimulated all her senses so she couldn’t sleep at night.

Her boutique was a place where famous people in the high society visited frequently so it was at the center of all sorts of rumors. Simply eavesdropping on the chatter of noblewomen gave one access to endless information.

Nowadays, rumors about the Duchess of Taran were the most lively and interesting rumors. Antoine knew that, no matter how interesting, rumors were mostly lies and speculations, so she wasn’t that entranced by it unlike young boutiques designers.

She had seen numerous topics rise to the spotlight and disappear without a word. The rumors of the Duchess were like dust on a barren road. No one had ever seen the Duchess properly and one rumor led to another.

Antoine assumed that once the Duchess actually appeared, this would all settle, like morning weather after a rainy day. However, her assumption began to waver when the Duke of Taran added onto that amount on her memo. And following the sellout of Sepia Jewelry, that assumption was in danger of collapsing.

And today, as soon as she saw the Duchess of the rumors, something burst open in her heart.

‘Oh. My. Goodness.’

It was completely unexpected. This was a type she had never seen in the high society filled with flashy, sensual, and confident noblewomen.

The world that Antoine saw was very different, compared to what many people saw. The doll-like figure that people often referred to as beautiful was so cliché that it wasn’t interesting to her.

A beauty as defined by Antoine, had to be able to stimulate her creativity. And the Duchess was an appearance of new material to work with. She was fresh and charming.

While Antoine sat on the couch and drank tea served by the maid, her sight was continuously trained on the Duchess.

“This design book is filled with the collection of dresses that I have made over the years. Please look through it and tell me if any piece strikes your fancy.”

Antoine had no qualms about referring to the dresses that she made as her pieces.

Lucia’s expression was calm as she looked at the luxurious dresses in the fairly thick book on her lap, one by one. Just as her expression portrayed, she was not that impressed.

In her dream, she had seen enough dresses to be sick of them. She didn’t know much about fashion. To her, it was just a distinction between more glamor and less glamor.

Ball dresses were meant more for show than practicality so if one wore them for a several hours, they would get very uncomfortable. To Lucia, apart from feeling uncomfortable, there was nothing more to wearing a luxurious dress.

‘It seems this won’t be easy.’

Antoine could now understand what the Duke of Taran meant when he said ‘my wife is frugal.’ Usually, when noblewomen received the design book, they would express their desire with an ecstatic expression. Compared to that, the Duchess’ expression was too calm.

In addition, the dress that the Duchess was currently wearing was very much simple. Only the base material was high-class and there was no indication of dressing herself up.

“Is there no piece that catches your eye? I can only apologize for this inadequate display of items.”

“No, these are all wonderful and lovely. It’s just, I’m not quite familiar with this subject...you are the expert, you can handle it appropriately at your discretion.”

At your discretion. There was no worse customer than this. Antoine felt a sense of crisis and at the same time, she felt fired up with a sense of challenge. The amount on the memo written by the Duke glimmered in front of her. Antoine couldn’t miss out on the gold within her reach.

“May we take your measurements?”

Antoine had Lucia stand in front of a full-length mirror and slowly walked around her. In the meantime, her assistants were at the side of the Duchess, measuring her dimensions with a tapeline.

Antoine stood a little distance away and looked at the Duchess as a whole. She got a rough outline of the Duchess’ measurements and drew up an attire in her head.

‘It won’t suit her.’

Antoine quickly realized this. The dress she thought of was glamourous and styled to make the chest stand out. It was a form that showed the body in a sensual matter and was the fashion these days. But in Antoine’s opinion, if the Duchess wore such a design, rather than suiting her, it ran the risk of making her look vulgar.

‘The Duchess is on the paler side. If one adds color, there is a different charm.’

On a slender figure, it was better to emphasize the slim waist and stir up the protective instinct rather than emphasize sensual charm. If the Duchess’s white, clear skin was made the focus and supplemented with light makeup, it was possible to create a pure and enchanting atmosphere.

A new picture was drawn in Antoine’s head. A vibrant creation was brought to life.

Antoine began to instruct her assistants. Her assistants moved like her hands and feet limbs, bringing her what she wanted and understanding her small gestures and glances.

Antoine used a cloth to emphasize the lace of the simple dress that the Duchess was wearing, then she used a pin to hold down her slight modifications to the shape of the dress. To finish, she gave a partial makeover to simply change the feel of the dress.

The whole process took place very quickly. Then Antoine took Lucia to the mirror.

“What do you think?”

Antoine asked while smiling triumphantly.

Lucia’s eyes widened as she looked in the mirror. It was like magic. With just a rough touch here and there, the feel had changed completely. The dress she often wore had become a completely new attire and there was something beautiful about her appearance in the mirror.

She couldn’t really put it in words but something was different.

“Your Grace is very attractive. I do not know why are hiding this charm.”

Lucia touched her face and looked at her appearance in the mirror with admiration.

‘Good. Good.’

Antoine gave a smile of satisfaction. Like a hyena, she didn’t let go once she had bitten. Antoine’s hunt had only just begun.

Translator’s Corner.

1. Alt translation: It was not possible for any tom, dick and harry to create fashion on their own.

*I sometime add alternate translations because I try to keep the ‘spirit?’ of the novel in my translations but the English counterpart may not fully convey what is being said.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (7)

TN: Last Chapter of book 4, one side-story, then we are onto book 5. BONUS RELEASE 3~

Hugo returned home late at night. Lucia’s expression was dark as she greeted him upon his return home. Her gaze was downcast and a gloomy aura revolved around her.

Hugo grabbed her chin and lifted her face to meet his eyes. She was surprised at the sudden contact and became conscious of the servants gazes and turned her away.

Hugo wasn’t concerned about the servant’s gazes and held her chin firmly. Her repeated avoidance of his eyes was very worrying.

“What’s wrong?”

“...”

“Jerome!”

Jerome quickly answered to the sharp call of the Duke.

The butler, Jerome, had been developing new ways to improve his competence and chased away the servants with his eyes because the mood around his two masters was starting to turn unusual.

“Her Grace has been upset ever since the boutique designer dropped by.”

For Jerome, the understanding of his madam’s mood was now a more important priority than anything else.

“Was she rude to you?” (Hugo)

Lucia shook her head.

“Then, what is it? Tell me. What is making you so upset?”

“...I think I made a big mess.”

“What mess?”

“Would...Would it be possible to get a refund even now? It may not be finalized yet.”

Hugo, who was ready to immediately get to the root of her problem and eradicate it, instantly softened. Hugo was reminded of the designer that asked him to leave it to her. It would seem the lady had as much ability as her confidence stated.

When Hugo released her chin and began to walk away, Lucia grabbed onto his arm.

“Where are you going? I said I made a big mess! I mean, as many as nineteen outfits were added to the dress!!”

Shoes, hats, and so on, naturally came along with the dresses. The price tag of these additions were not inferior to that of the dress.

Not 190 but 19? Why the ambiguous nineteen instead of cleanly striking at 20? Hugo’s rating of Antoine’s capability went down. If Antoine were to hear this, she would feel aggrieved. She had used all her means possible to sell those nineteen outfits. Antoine had even justified it with the honor of the Duke that should not be mentioned carelessly.

“I have worked up a sweat all day so I want to wash up first. You can tell me your story afterwards.”

“If you hear the amount, you won’t be so calm!”

“If I’m not surprised, what will you give me?”

“...give?”

“A bet has to have a reward.”

“When did I say I was betting!”

“Think about what you’ll give me. You have till I bathe and come out.”

Listen when someone is talking! Lucia called after him in protest but he climbed up the stairs. Oh, for crying out loud. She stamped her feet in frustration for an unknown reason and turned her head to the small sound of someone clearing their throat.

Lucia was embarrassed. The bill Antoine left behind was still circling in her head so she forgot all about keeping up appearances in front of the servants. Fortunately, it seemed the servants had dispersed when she didn’t realize it so they didn’t see anything.

Lucia looked at Jerome in relief and somehow, his eyes seemed to be smiling.

“Shall I prepare a bath?”

“...Why?”

“You have not bathed yet and since master has already gone ahead, I was just informing you.”

Lucia face wend red and she lowered her gaze. She felt embarrassed for some reason. A respectable butler like Jerome would not say that with any intention of the sort. She knew that but the timing was strange.

Lucia stood around indecisively then gave a deep sigh. She would end up bathing anyways. Plus her body was sticky because of the hot weather. However because of a strange feeling of unwillingness, she replied quietly.

“...I’ll leave it to you.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Jerome answered with a smile. Indeed, he was an excellent butler. One that could read the mind of his master.

***

‘I must have really lost my senses earlier.’

It was Lucia’s first time experiencing the kind of service where one devoted their all with the intention of getting paid. If Lucia had visited the boutique, she would not have let down her guard.

However, she was too relaxed in the safety of her own home. What could a guest do the host? Lucia was thinking too naively. She was used to the flattery of the noblewomen she met at Roam. So she was confident that she would not fall for someone else’s nice words.

But now she had to pay the price of looking down on the flattery of a merchant that wanted to sell their product. Antoine’s eloquence was weaved to meet the demands of fussy noblewomen and it could capture the human soul.

Antoine was not just a good talker. Her skills were also excellent. She touched the simple dress that Lucia was wearing, here and there, and made it give off a completely different atmosphere.

Lucia had almost forgotten about face and clapped. Antoine first showed off her skill and seduced Lucia’s heart. She couldn’t understand half of the fashion terminologies that Antoine explained colorfully but she had strangely felt like she understood.

Through Antoine’s words, Lucia was reborn into visionary beauty that was the focus of people’s eyes. When Lucia thought about it now, it was very ridiculous but at the time, it sounded quite reasonable.

Antoine talked about the rumor that Lucia knew – that the Duchess was a matchless beauty- and while talking, she brought up the honor of the Duke. She also emphasized the fact that the Duke of Taran was so concerned that he visited the boutique personally. After which, she boastfully proclaimed that Lucia should leave everything to her.

[Your Grace only has to relax, count the days till you appear in society and wait for time to pass. I will make the rumor that the Duke of Taran has a beauty of the century as his wife into a reality.]

Lucia inwardly cared about the rumors. It wasn’t that she was afraid of people’s gazes but that any gossip that concerned him, weighed on her mind.

[Your Grace is beautiful. But like a rough gem, this beauty is not revealed. A rough gem’s true beauty is hidden deeply but if not processed properly, it can turn to stone. Please allow me to process Your Grace into a jewel.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 64 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[1]– > (7)

TN: BONUS RELEASE 4. Enjoy.

As though bewitched, Lucia signed the contract that Antoine presented her. The things that Antoine says she had to buy were essential and indispensable. At the time, she thought so. Even after Antoine left, she was still somewhat vacant from the feeling of being entranced.

But when she checked the copy of the contract and the invoice delivered in the afternoon, her half departed senses returned. She felt like her soul was about to fly away when she confirmed the amount.

Lucia didn’t know that the price to pay for falling for the designer’s whispers would be so massive. The price of the first-class designer’s dress that she bought for the first time in her life was much more that the vague amount she imagined.

The maid moderately poured lukewarm water on her shoulder. While absentmindedly leaving her body in the hands of the maid waiting on her in the bath, Lucia continued to think of the dress.

‘Why in the world are the hats and shoes so expensive? Much less the gloves.’

Lucia’s common sense was that hats and shoes were accessories. Nevertheless, a dress was what people saw and while shoes were an assortment, they were not that visible hence Lucia thought that it was enough for them to be presentable. In the dream, she had never even bought something like gloves. And when she bought the dress, she got a few extras.

‘On top of that, they’re all summer dresses.’

When the weather cooled down a little, she couldn’t wear them.

‘I have to get a refund. I can’t blow that much money on a dress. Anyways, I haven’t received anything, and it’s custom-made.’

Originally, Lucia wanted to get a refund immediately but Jerome discouraged her. He advised her to discuss it with his master. Asking for a refund after purchase an item was an important issue than concerned reputation. Especially in the case of luxury goods, there was a fear of bad rumors.

While Lucia constantly contemplated a refund, Hugo finished his bath in his bedroom and came into her bedroom. As he listened to the faint sound of the water from the bathroom, he picked up the white envelope on the table.

Contract and Invoice. Hugo sat on the couch and read through the specifications. When he saw the amount, he chuckled. It was about 1/5th of the amount he had written down for Antoine.

Should he recognize the ability of the designer to be able to make her use this much, or should he praise the designer’s crook-like merchant talk that thoroughly brought down her defenses, without going overboard?

The designer was determined to use the entire amount that Hugo wrote down. A good merchant would not blow away the chance to make money. However, the designer took a step back.

Hugo did not know because he wasn’t at the scene at the time but most likely, the designer must have felt danger that if she were to push excessively, she wouldn’t sell a single thing.

Antoine took a step back to move forward. She realized that this business would not be finished in one shot. To Hugo, it was easy to find noble families consumed by the extravagance of their madams. However, he didn’t know that he would end up paying attention to this for the exact opposite reason.

She was never stingy to others. When the garden was built back in Roam, the workers on the garden were paid a higher compensation than average. However, Hugo was very tired of her frugality and conservation that only applied to herself. It didn’t matter when they were staying in the fiefdom.

Her immaculate skin without her makeup felt good to the touch, and her flowery scent without thick perfume was refreshing. Furthermore, there was no need for extravagant clothes. Clothes existed to be stripped. In that sense, he didn’t like winter. The skirt was too thick and heavy.

But originally, he hated the sticky summer. He used to enjoy horse riding in the cold winter. Certainly that was so, until the winter of last year. Hugo had no issue with her attire, but it wasn’t the same for others. She had to appear in high society as the Duchess. Appearance was the easiest criteria to judge a person on.

If she were to show a simplicity that was not suitable for her status as the Duchess, she would not be praised for her virtue, instead she would become a target of gossip. He did not want her to become the subject of such a worthless topic.

‘I have to meet the designer once more.’

Hugo decided to recognize the ability of the designer. And he wanted to meet the designer again and talk about the contract.

‘I have to make two contracts.’

The contract with the real amount would be sent to him and the fake contract with a much smaller amount would be sent to her. He didn’t want her to worry about something like money. Even though in her head, she was filled with worries about him, there was no need(1).

Translator’s Remark:

1. There was no need for her to worry about his money.

* I oddly connected with Lucia this chapter. Sales people scare me lol.

*Next one will be very short. It is a side-story! Guess who it’s about??? It’s your favorite!(just kidding)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 - Side-story 1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

<–Supplementary story – In Another Future – Philip–>

The day was quickly getting darker. Philip looked to the sky to guess the time and estimated the distance to the mountain that was some distance away.

It would be hard to climb the mountain today. Unless it was a state of urgency, it was better to not climb a mountain in the dark.

Philip was a seasoned traveler with lengthy experience but he refused to risk it. He would be sleeping in the streets tonight as well. Once one got accustomed to this lifestyle, making a bed for the night was very swift.

He made a bonfire and had his dinner of dry rations and water. Philip’s mind went back to the village he left today. Just like other places, the naive villagers were on guard at first but quickly opened their hearts to him.

It was always sad to shake off the hands holding him back when it was time to leave. Very rarely, there were places that made him consider settling down. However, he was unable to bear it for long and would set out wandering again.

It was a wandering with no destination and no known end. It wasn’t for freedom. He was just wandering around aimlessly. Philip reckoned that his family’s karma had piled up and become his retribution.

“Hu-hu...my attachment is tenacious.”

The face of the patient from the earlier village suddenly sprang up in his mind. The woman looked old but she had a clear and pleasant expression. Philip didn’t think he would see a patient that took mugwort, much less a patient that took it from her first menstruation at a place like that.

He had seen patients whose menstruation stopped for a while after eating mugwort but it was his first time meeting a patient like the one earlier. It was a case where it wasn’t done intentionally but it was done of one’s own accord. The world was indeed vast, unexpected things happened all the time.

Philip gave the woman the cure. He had torn it out entirely from the notebook passed down as his family’s vision. The cure was stored in his head anyways, but there was a reason why he went out of his way to tear it out.

It was a meaningful action to tear off his small attachment that was still persisting and clinging on. In any case, once the Philip that had no family died, these secrets would be buried with him forever. But even then, he was still unable to throw it away but finally, now, he was able to.

“I even asked her if she was a virgin. How stupid.”

Philip ridiculed himself. He wondered why that question had come out of his mouth then. It was no use whether that woman was a virgin or not now.

Tears began to form in his eyes as he vacantly gazed at the bonfire. Due to old age, a pool of tears began to flow from his eyes. Whenever he suddenly recalled the young master, he couldn’t bear the sadness and the urge to cry.

Even if he had grown into an excellent young man, to Philip, he was always the little young master. The memories of him holding the toddler’s little hand and taking him to the Duke were still vivid in his head. Philip was already content to watch that mature figure from afar.

It had already been several years since the man that was Philip’s last hope was buried in the cold ground(1). And since then, the Duke had abandoned the north and only roamed the battlefield(2).

Everything was over. The course was running for the last time.

“Young master Damian...”

Philip’s shoulder’s shook as he sobbed. Just like the day he held onto the returned corpse of the young master and cried endlessly; Philip stooped to the floor and cried.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (1)

TN: BOOK 5 BEGINS.

“Oh god.”

The maid attending to her in the bath suddenly exclaimed and fell to her knees. Lucia glanced sideways thinking the maid had slipped but found all the maids on their knees, bowing their head. She lifted her head because she could tell something was strange.

He stood at the bathroom entrance in his bathrobe, folding his arms. Lucia was so surprised that her jaw went slack. Meanwhile, the maids immediately made themselves scarce. They were gone very quickly.

“...What’s the matter?”

Lucia was conscious of her nakedness in the clear water. She slouched, bringing her knees to her chest and wrapping her arms around them.

“It’s very late.”

“I’m done. I’ll be out soon. So...”

He suddenly approached, startling her so she moved backwards. Eventually she was obstructed by the bathtub and had no choice but to lean against it. He sat on the bathtub edge and lifted her chin that was buried in her knees.

“Why? We can also bathe together.”

Lucia felt her cheeks redden and shot him a look of complaint.

“You haven’t done this before.”

“What?”

“Coming in while I’m in the bath.”

“Is that so? Why does that matter?”

“I am embarrassed to face the maids.”

Because of her experience in the dream, Lucia obviously knew how much maids guffawed and chattered when their masters couldn’t see them. If it wasn’t leaked outside, she couldn’t really say anything but she was conscious of it.

In her dream, she had never witnessed such an embarrassing situation when she was a maid attending to her madam. In her mind, to keep showing such a sight to one’s subordinates would hurt the master’s dignity.

“Strangely, you pay attention to that. What’s so embarrassing?”

“I mean, be careful when there are eyes around.”

Hugo could not understand why she cared about the eyes of the servants. Servants were like one’s hands and feet. Why should one pay attention to one’s hands and feet? She had high standards in odd places. Even when dealing with workers, she didn’t handle them casually.

She was too gentle and kind when dealing with people. Therefore, Hugo was worried about releasing her into the capital’s high society that followed the law of the jungle. Unless one was to become a clergy, kind people were used and hurt.

Humans were a lot that preyed on the weak and wagged their tail to the strong. If the strong showed favor, they were exalted for patronizing the lowly, and when they crushed another cruelly, they were admired and revered. Those that wished to take advantage of her gentleness would be countless.

He couldn’t watch over her every single moment to make sure she wouldn’t get hurt. But he didn’t want her to change. He selfishly wanted to keep her like this.

Just a little bit. He wondered if she could be hurt, just enough, to run into his arms for comfort. He didn’t want her to fall but he wanted her to lean on him sometimes. No, rather than sometimes, a lot more often.

Hugo removed her hand from her knees and kissed the back of her hand. He also kissed her fingertips. As he lightly kissed her palm, wrist and arm, her face grew red. He held the back of her neck and swallowed her moist lips, wet with water.

He wove his tongue into her small feverish mouth and coiled around her flustered tongue. He felt intoxicated from the smell of her body mixed with scented bath oil. He never got drunk no matter how much he drank but whenever he held her, he often felt that this was how getting drunk would feel.

As he listened to her small gasps, blood rushed to his lower abdomen. From the time she sat in the bathtub and looked at him with surprised rabbit eyes, he had been feeling a certain stiffness at the waist.

When he released her lips, she was flustered and looked puzzled about what to do.

“I said I’m done. Let’s not do this here...” (Lucia)

Her babbling went in one ear and out the other. He gave a carefree smile.

“Then, shall I receive my reward?”

Lucia was getting worked up but hearing the word ‘reward’, she seemed to realize something and spoke in a disheartened voice.

“Did you...see it?” (TN: she is referring to the invoice/bill)

“I did. I told you before, your husband is rich.”

“Being rich doesn’t mean that a fortune becomes small change.”

“Let’s not talk about unimportant things and get to the main point. What will you give me as my reward?”

“What do you mean reward!”

Lucia protested but, when he continued to repeat the same thing confidently, requesting for his reward, she somehow felt like her worries the entire day were trivial.

‘Alright. I’m worrying over too much fortune. Would anyone else worry like me?’

He didn’t show an ounce of interest in the large purchase she made today. The dark clouds that filled Lucia’s heart slowly dispersed. In any case, she had to arrange a lot of things to go out to the social circle.

Next time, she would look for slightly cheaper designers. Lucia was already caught in Hugo and Antoine’s snare but she would only know this in the future.

“What do you want?”

Instead of replying, Hugo slowly looked over her naked body in the water, starting from her toes and moving upwards. The desire in his scarlet eyes was clear. Lucia’s face gradually grew hot.

“Why are you doing that!”

When she shouted, he titled his head as though asking ‘what?’ and kissed her lightly on the lips.

“We’re going to wash again anyways so it’s more economical.”

Seeing him smiling suggestively, Lucia made a long face. Her body reacted reflexively and the insides of her thighs ached with thirst. She was gradually getting tamed by him. Like the fox Damian was raising, once it lost its wilderness and became a pet, it was unable to survive if it lost its master. Or, perhaps it was already at that step, Lucia thought.

She looked at him and he appeared happy at putting her in this puzzling situation. In front of him, she was flustered and didn’t know what to do meanwhile he was always relaxed. Lucia was dissatisfied with this. She loosened her arm around her knee, secured a foothold in the bathtub and lifted her body.

She brought her face to his, kissing his lips and gently sucking on his lower lip. When she moved her away and looked at him, his eyes were trembling slightly. She felt good seeing his flustered expression and smiled faintly.

“...”

Hugo’s throat felt dry. He wanted to bite her flushed cheeks that were like rose petals on white milk. She provoked him first so she shouldn’t complain later. He handed the responsibility over to her and grabbed the back of her head to kiss her soft lips.

He slid his tongue into the gap of her small mouth and licked the extremely soft insides of her mouth. He caught her runaway tongue and entangled it with his. He swallowed her sweet saliva and a long, drawn-out kiss ensued.

Translator’s Corner:

* I have taken down the mobile theme. The ads are impossible on it. On the regular site, it displays fine and doesn’t cut in the middle of the chapter. I changed the site theme so it displays better on mobile, don’t worry.

*It’s November~ Releases will remain at 4/week. Also we just had daylight savings and I must tell you, I needed that extra hour of sleep.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 65 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (1)

TN: Aiya, the flowery words strike again.

At first, Lucia was hesitant but soon she was entranced by his kisses and wrapped her slender arms around his neck. She was a great student, actively responding to his skillful kisses. She incorporated what she had been taught and couldn’t be compared to her first night when she didn’t even know to open her mouth.

As he sucked on her hot, soft tongue, he smoothly ran his hand down her back and grabbed her waist, pulling her into his bosom. Her wet lips in his mouth was as soft as whipped cream. Why was she so sweet? Why was he so thirsty even though she was already in his arms? He was always troubled to suppress his beast-like desires because he was afraid he might hurt or frighten her.

After the deep desiring kiss was over, Hugo looked at her restless expression for a moment then he stood up. He took off the robe he was wearing and threw it away. There was nothing that could be called imperfect on his muscular naked body. His standing center between his legs looked huge and firm.

In spite of herself, Lucia’s eyes were glued to it and she gulped hard. He entered into the bathtub. Lucia stayed still, sitting in the bathtub and looking up at him who remained standing. His blazing red eyes looked as though they would completely devour her and he ordered in a raspy voice.

“Come here.”

Lucia shrank and her gaze alternated between his face and his raging erection. At his overbearing gaze, goosebumps rose on her skin, a lump appeared in her throat and her ears grew flushed. Slowly, she raised her torso, slicing through the water and moved forward on her knees.

Her gaze was fixed on his erection that was gradually becoming closer. She stopped right next to his lower body and looked up at him again. His eyes were silently commanding her.

Lucia carefully took hold of his firm manhood, obeying his command. It wasn’t her first time touching it. Occasionally, he would guide her hand slowly on his thing, moving several times and not in a hurry. Now she had reached the point of not being cowered unlike the first time.

It was big enough to fit tightly in her hard and it was hard enough that she couldn’t believe it was flesh. The terrible thing that penetrated her day after day and tormented her persistently, she brought it to her mouth.

Now, she was able to try things that she could not even imagine in the past. She kissed the curved tip and licked it slightly with her tongue. Then she opened her mouth and swallowed it. It would be unreasonable to swallow all of him with her small mouth so she only put the upper part in her mouth and rolled it around with her tongue.

His hand grabbed her hair and his breathing became rough. His reaction excited her and the insides of her legs ached and squeezed. It was the feeling of a female getting drunk on a male’s thick scent.

Her technique was bad but her poorly teasing tongue excited him more than any good technique. Just seeing her taking him into her mouth was enough. His innocent wife that couldn’t even kiss was now licking his thing with her mouth. It was a pleasure as though tainting her snow-white feathers with his color.

He grabbed her hair a little firmly and pulled her away. Her lips that had been licking and swallowing his thing, glistened with saliva. Her face flushed with excitement and her unfocused eyes were terribly erotic.

He lifted her up with strong force and made her to stand. This time, he went on his knees and spread apart her thighs. He held them firmly apart and kissed her nether region. He tasted her petals nestled deep in her forest between her thighs. There was a lot of delicious honey flowing beneath her petals.

He rubbed her tender flesh with his lips and sucked on it strongly. His mouth moved like when he desired her creamy breasts. He pushed his tongue inside her petite entrance. Her hot, wet insides did easily not give way to his prying tongue. He sucked on her chewy flesh and swallowed her deeply.

“Huu...”

Her legs trembled. A hair-raising pleasure ran up her spine. If he pushed his tongue deeper, she could get a greater thrill but he kept his stimulation to a borderline degree. She was gradually losing strength in her legs. Thanks to his firm hold on her, she narrowly avoided falling down.

“Hnn...ung...uu...”

Imploring moans flowed from her mouth. Her entire body was focus on his stimulations and slackened. Her upper body fell on his shoulder and her hands grasped his hair tightly. Even though she was leaning her entire weight on him, it was too much for her. She wanted collapse and lie down.

Just like when he kissed her senselessly, he rolled his tongue, enveloped her wetness with his lips and licked her with the tip of his tongue. Her spring drooled with fragrant juices. It was a clear spring but deep enough that the bottom couldn’t be reached. Reaching the bottom was a task for his manhood that was firmly erect in his lower abdomen. The shallow insertion of his tongue in her crevice was mainly for exploration.

The stimulation from his tongue that moved recklessly and stirred up her insides was too covert. Lucia trembled with a mix of shame and excitement. His caresses were done without reserve. His mouth was greedily licking her private part. The sound of him swallowing her body fluids made her feel giddy. Her breaths and moans gradually turned rough.

She could only put enough strength in her hands to hold his hair and her legs held in his hands could no longer move to her will.

“Ah!”

She felt a short sense of climax and her body shook tremblingly. In an instant, it ran up her spine and the feeling of intense pressure was dizzying. She tightened her hold on his hair and gasped for breath. As his lips moved away, his strength supporting her legs disappeared and her body collapsed.

Hugo lightly lifted her exhausted body and sat on the edge of the bathtub. He brought her petite entrance to his center and slowly sat her down on his rigid member. Her narrow path swallowed his rod in one go, allowing him to enter smoothly.

A sigh-like moan escaped the two of them. Lucia’s entire body trembled and she buried her head in his chest. The feeling of his tip pushing against her deepest parts sent shivers up her spine. His huge rod stirred inside her body as it was positioned from below.

His lips carved their seal onto the back of her neck and collarbone. A ticklish sensation came from her shoulders then a smarting sensation followed.

Hugo waited for a moment then he grabbed her hips and lifted her up then lowered her down. He repeated this over and over without using too much force. Her arms around his neck shook up and down and she mewled seductively. Her screams resonated through the bathroom.

“Aah! Ang!”

He opened her up and entered her countless times. With the force of her weight pressing down, his penis widened her vaginal walls, driving all the way in. As his movements intensified, her arms around his neck began to slip due to sweat and water.

He captured her bouncing breast with his mouth, seizing her nipple with his tongue and her insides squeezed in response. He then skillfully turned her around, changing their position. She sat with her back facing him and he held her arms behind her.

Their changed position stimulated a different place inside her. Every time he bounced his waist, her vision was propelled forward and the water surface shook. As she sat on his thigh, her feet floated in the air. The unstable position increased her anxiety and drove her with excitement.

Every time he thrust from below, she let out a cry of pleasure. Whenever her body came down, his huge rod would penetrate her, filling up her insides. She was exhilarated from the rise and free fall in addition to the pleasure and was unable to think of straight.

“Haaaa!!”

Climax swept through her body. Her body stiffened and at the same time, her vagina began to spasm. He stopped moving, feeling an irresistible pressure and released.

Listening to his deep-throated moan, Lucia felt a startling sense of pleasure. After the moment of climax passed, she exhaled breathlessly and her body slackened. He held onto her body that was about to topple over.

He embraced her tightly from behind and the pressure could be felt deeply. ‘Haa,’ Hugo gave a low sigh. He tried to endure a little more but he couldn’t bear it.

When her trembling subsided a little, he stood up with her in his embrace. He walked out of the bathroom and went into the bedroom.

At the feeling of softness on her back, Lucia opened her eyes. Meeting his scarlet eyes, she could see that his desire had not subsided at all. Only her upper body lay at the edge of the bed and he positioned himself beside the bed.

When his hands moved to hold her waist, she predicted what would follow and closed her eyes. In one stretch, he thrust into her.

“Hk!”

He penetrated her quickly but intensely and began to thrust rapidly. An intense stimulation moved in and out of her. Small shudders coursed through her body at his quick movements. She moaned intermittently and twisted her body. She was feeling breathless as though she was running.

The lingering feeling from the climax earlier caused her inner walls to convulse, opposing the intruder. From time to time, he let out a raspy breath. He grabbed her legs and lifted them to his shoulders.

When he thrust in deeper, she squeezed the sheets tightly. The feeling of his thing reaching up to her womb sent shivers up her spine. In this position, he was hitting her deepest parts more often and better than before.

Sometimes, Lucia had the thought that his persistence added up little by little. Little by little, she was swallowing him like a bottomless pit. When the stimulation became so intense that she was about to cry, he pulled out and turned her body upside down.

Lucia lay face down on the bed and grasped the sheets tightly then she let out a moan-like sigh. When will tonight end? He rubbed against the inner flesh of her thighs and his rigid penis opened up her body and entered inside.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (2)

After they alternated from the bathroom to the bedroom, they engaged in wild, messy sex. Lucia was completely worn out. She had washed clean and her body looked fresh but the tingling deep inside her legs did not disappear.

She had entangled with him countless time but his energy and size was still unmanageable. Lucia lay on his body, completely exhausted. Hugo had positioned her on top of him and enjoyed feeling her warmth all over his body.

His hand swept down to her back thigh, touching her plump behind and stroking the slender curve of her waist. It was a soft tough and at the same time, it was persistent. Lucia couldn’t even move her fingers so she just left his fondling alone.

“The coronation day has been chosen. It’s in about a month.” (Hugo)

“That’s...later than I thought. Does coronation usually have to be extended that long after a national funeral?”

Lucia didn’t remember exactly how it went in her dream. While the situation in the capital suddenly changed with the death of the king, the national funeral and the accession of the new king, her detached palace remained quiet, like it was in another world.

“There are some useless customs.” (Hugo)

It was not virtuous for the new king to unhesitatingly ascend to the throne after the passing of the previous king. The nobility goes through the ceremonial crowning of the king and then formally requests for the new king to ascend the throne.

The new king courteously refuses three times and accepts the fourth time, showing his acceptance of their sincere intentions. After the announcement of the rather obvious statement, the coronation ceremony was held. To Hugo, it was all very useless.

“If it’s in a month, then summer will be almost over. Then, the dress I bought...”

“There will be many occasions to wear it to. The fact that you are in the capital has already begun to spread. Invitations will start coming in soon.”

As his hand gently caressed her back, her eyelids began to grow heavy. She enjoyed listening to his deep reverberating voice.

Lucia blinked her eyes to chase away the sleep.

“What invitation? Aren’t parties not allowed?” (Lucia)

After the king’s death, it was forbidden to hold a party until the new king is crowned.

“Officially, yes, but in the first place, parties are more informal. Even now, parties are held here and there, every day. The tea party ones are almost unrestricted.” (Hugo)

“Tea party...”

“If you don’t want to do external activities until the coronation, you don’t have to.”

“...Is that okay?”

“If you aren’t willing, yes.”

“If I stay at home for an entire month, don’t you think there will be rumors that I caught a deadly disease?” (Lucia)

Hugo gave a low laugh.

“It’ll give you trouble.” (Lucia)

“There is nothing in the world that can trouble me.”

Except you. Hugo added inwardly.

Lucia pondered over it in her mind. In any case, she couldn’t live hiding herself away. Even though being exposed to people’s gazes and attention was burdensome, she wasn’t afraid of it.

Adding her north experience onto her dream experience, she wasn’t a young lady that would tremble helplessly about what to do in her first social debut.

“For the first, it is better to go to a tea party and get a feel for the atmosphere, rather than to a big stage like the coronation.” (Lucia)

Lucia wondered how different a tea party atmosphere in the capital would be from that of the north. In the dream, her main stage was at balls. Because Count Matin urged Lucia to attend balls, it was difficult to attend a tea party in the day and a ball in the night and she was unable to assimilate the two schedules.

A tea party, especially a small tea party that had about 10 or so attendees, expected one to attend regularly if one has attended once. If she got an invitation and didn’t attend a few times, she did not receive another invitation.

So from time to time she would go to event-like tea parties (like Lucia’s garden party) that were thrown occasionally and invited a lot of people. And it was at these occasional tea parties that she was able to witness a party break.

And thanks to that, she was able to address the party break in the north without panicking.

“But still, the dress...” (Lucia)

“No more about that topic. Just as you say, rumors will spread everywhere if it is refunded. Something like the Duke of Taran will soon be bankrupt.”

Pfft . Lucia burst into laughter.

“I heard from the designer that you went all the way to the boutique?” (Lucia)

That was the biggest reason for Lucia giving in to Antoine. Hearing that he went to a place like the boutique that didn’t suit him at all, only to request for a dress for her, made her feel touched.

She was swayed by Antoine continuous remarks of being envious of the Duchess that would grow old with an affectionate husband.

“Why did you do that?”

“Do I need a reason for what I do?”

“If you don’t tell me, I’ll think whatever I like.”

“...Which is?”

“That you did it because you were worried I would disgrace the ducal name with my shabby appearance.”

“No. I don’t care about that sort of thing.”

Hugo realized that her idea of ‘whatever I like’ was definitely not advantageous to him.

“Then what?”

“Does there have to be a reason? I wanted to buy it for you. Can’t that be it?”

Lucia smilingly replied with, ‘It can.’ After a moment, he gave a sigh.

“Sometimes when I talk to you, I feel like I need an interpreter in the middle. What could be the problem?”

“I’m not sure. I don’t feel that way but what could be the problem?”

“...”

He went silent, making a sour face and Lucia giggled.

“Don’t do it too much.” (Lucia)

“What?”

‘Because...I could misunderstand and think that you might like me more than I thought...’

Lucia didn’t reply so maybe he thought that she had fallen asleep because he didn’t say another word. And after a while, Lucia really fell asleep.

***

Just as Hugo said, invitations began to fly in and after a few days, it was a bit of a stretch but, enough invitations to fill a sack poured in.

Lucia had not yet made her official debut in the Capital’s high society. Since an official party could not be held until after the coronation, no matter which party she attended, it was not an official debut.

Her debut would be at the coronation celebration. But this would be the first place to start off her social activities. Lucia carefully looked through the invitations to choose a place. She excluded locations with a lot of people and mainly looked through small tea parties.

She scoured through her memories from the dream, selecting places hosted by people whose name she had heard before. Even then, she was still left with dozens to filter through. Finally, she was helped by Jerome.

The tea party hosted by Countess Jordan was chosen. The Countess was a famous figure in the Capital that liked small scale intimate activities. So, Lucia had never been to the Countess’ tea party in her dream.

“Countess Jordan often arranges small scale activities because she prefers having conversation with people she is close to. The noblewomen around her also prefer quieter activities.”

Jerome simply conveyed the information about the Countess. To put it bluntly, he was saying that it was not a place where the so-called, ‘wild women’ gathered.

“I believe there is no risk for Milady’s first occassion to be one for getting acquainted with noblewomen of the Capital.”

The date of the party was in a week. Lucia sent a letter to the Countess, indicating that she had accepted the invitation.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 66 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (2)

TN: Gong is a title.

Kwiz was overflowing with enthusiasm for the upcoming coronation. From the crack of dawn till late at night, he was continuously working on something, painting the image of himself governing the kingdom.

He called his noble supporters, discussed with them, and gathered the opinion of officials. He also did not forget to hold a small banquet to benefit his relationship with the nobles and to strengthen the loyalty of the knights.

Even when he was alone, he was engrossed in thought and unaware of the passage of time. There were a few influential figures that Kwiz payed particular attention to but the representative figure was the Duke of Taran. He held onto Hugo tenaciously and didn’t let him go, both publicly and privately.

Hugo had lunch with Kwiz if he had nothing special to do. Within this, it was also included to discuss for a while after the meal.

“I heard the Duchess is in the Capital, when did one arrive?” (Kwiz)

“It has been a while.” (Hugo)

“Hoh. Why do I keep hearing news about Gong from someone else’s mouth? Don’t we see often?”

“Do I need to inform Your Majesty with news about my wife?”

Kwiz was currently at the stage of receiving the nobility’s request to ascend the throne but refusing according to customs. So, he was not crowned yet, but was treated as a king.

“Although one is Gong’s wife, one is also my sister. One should come to the palace sometime. I should at least know the face of my sister.”

“Since one became my wife before being known by Your Majesty as a sister, one should be treated as the Duchess.”

It was a roundabout refusal. Hugo had no intention of letting his wife meet the King in a private unofficial meeting. Kwiz was a very experienced politician. He was especially excellent in acting like a honest person that didn’t hide their feelings. Rather than being proficient in telling lies, his was a talent that hid little things under a majority of truths. His innocent wife could not deal with a jaded politician.

Hugo was yet to trust Kwiz. He did not believe Kwiz completely. He had taken a step back but he had also made it clear that he would not turn away unless he was stabbed in the back first.

The clever Kwiz could understand Hugo’s meaning. Their relationship wasn’t that of one-sided obedience but that of an alliance. But Kwiz wanted to draw closer to the distancing mentality of the other. Kwiz was checking to see if he could tackle the Duchess rather than the Duke of Taran that had no gap in his defenses. But Hugo had easily seen through Kwiz’s intentions.

When Hugo was asking his wife one thing or the other in order to get her to say her childhood name, he became aware of her loneliness. Her expression when she recollected the memories about her mother was vague as if she was dreaming. Not long ago, she was shocked to hear about her father’s death and fell very ill.

She was missing her family. If Kwiz were to assert family affection and claim that he would become a reliable brother, her heart would be swayed. If his wife were to form affection towards her brother, she couldn’t help but to be exploited. Just like Hugo was used by the late Duke.

There was no sincere relationship between those that had power in the royal family and even between those outside the royal family. Hugo wished for her not to know anything rather than wake up to the cold reality.

“ Gong is too heartless. What does one have planned for the afternoon? There are some issues I would like to exchange views on with Gong .”

Hugo knew that Kwiz would cleanly withdraw on the matter.

“If it is not urgent, I will hear it next time. I already informed you several times that I will be returning early in the afternoon today.”

There was a mountain of work that Hugo was unable to finish from the territory. He couldn’t ignore other things and stick to matters concerning the throne.

“Is that so.”

Kwiz smacked his lips, feigning ignorance.

“Then, how about a drink tomorrow night?”

Kwiz first made a proposal that Hugo couldn’t help but refuse then finally, he brought out what he really wanted. Although Hugo knew Kwiz’s clever trick, he acted like he couldn’t resist and gave in. In any case, if one holds hands with the king, it was better to get along.

“Day after tomorrow is okay.”

“Day after tomorrow, huh. That is good too. But, does Gong have days set for drinking? One doesn’t know why one day is good and the other isn’t.”

Well, that was because tomorrow night was the fifth day and next tomorrow was day after the fifth. It was Hugo’s standard for setting up his evening schedules, although no one knew.

On the way back, Hugo came across the Queen, Beth. David was together with the Queen. Beth was on the way to send off her visiting brother after a pleasant chat.

Hugo gave his greetings and tried to pass by but Beth spoke to him.

“It has been a long time, Gong . Are you returning from seeing His Majesty?”

“Yes. It has been a long time since I offered my greetings. Your Royal Highness.” (1)

“I have often heard much about the Duchess. News of the Duchess is talked about more than the Coronation.”

“It is just an insignificant rumor.”

“Rumors are not necessarily fruitless. I would like to meet and talk with the Duchess before one starts activities in the social circles. I want to prepare a casual luncheon. I will send an invitation before the day is over, I hope one does not refuse.”

Although the invitation of the King could be rejected, the invitation of the Queen was difficult to reject. The King’s indication to meet her was as a sister but the Queen was asking for her to show her face as the Duchess.

Hugo could not get involved with matters concerning female social activities unless the circumstances were special. For a refusal, his wife had to do it. But, there was no reason to refuse the invitation of the Queen.

“I believe my wife will be willing to answer the invitation.” (Hugo)

After several exchanges of courteous greetings, the brief meeting was over. Watching the departing back of the Duke of Taran, Beth thought, ‘Still as blunt as ever.’

In her days as the Crown Princess, nobles approached Beth without any inhibitions about male and female distance. They wanted to get closer to the Crown Prince with whatever means possible. However, the Duke of Taran had never once spoken privately.

Rather, it was her husband who fretted about getting acquainted with the Duke. The Duke was a very confident and arrogant man.

[Does it not hurt Your Highness’s pride? Your Highness will be the future master of this country.]

Beth was curious so one day, she had said this to Kwiz. She could not understand the arrogance of the Duke of Taran. She thought that no matter what, he was still a lord of a fiefdom that was part of the Kingdom.

[It is not pride that can be brought up at any time. It is reckless bravado. Looking at the future, what is the big deal about lowering one’s head now? There is no spite towards Taran Gong . Any man will feel envious of a man like Taran Gong who lives without minding others. Pass this onto father-in-law as well. There is nothing gain from provoking him.]

After realizing that her husband’s will was firm, Beth recognized the Duke of Taran as a strong ally of her husband. Beth did not know about the complicated political battles. Not because she was foolish but because there was no reason to give it her attention.

She was born as an honored lady, grew up without lacking anything and became the Crown Princess. On her maternal side was the authoritative Ducal family, and her father, Duke Ramis was a strong backing. She already had three sons and the seat of heir was firmly in her hands. To Beth, her husband wasn’t noble and pure but she respected him.

As a woman married into the royal family, one had to put up with a few matters in the rear palace. As a female of the royal family, Beth lived a smooth life and was successful to this extent.

She didn’t have to worry about fighting for a share of her husband and only needed to wait for the day to receive the crown of the Queen smoothly. So for Beth, there was no part that twisted her insides. She didn’t have to rack her brains about being caught in a trap nor was she worried.

Nevertheless, her only worry was her younger brother David.

“Why did you behave so impolitely to Taran Gong ?”

Beth criticized David. Because of David who didn’t say anything after greeting Taran Gong with a nod, Beth’s complexion was flushed as she spoke with the Duke.

“That man.”

“Watch what you say. Taran Gong is a man in the same position as father. Why do you act thoughtlessly?”

Listening to his sister’s scolding, David’s expression was full of dissatisfaction.

Beth sighed. He was held up too much as the young lord who would inherit the name of the Duke in the future. It was a big fault of their late mother who sided with the eldest son unconditionally. Learning a lesson from her younger brother, Beth was strict with her sons.

“I have tried to get along well in my own away. However, Taran Gong has been rude.”

“David. Expressing it as rude is not appropriate. Taran Gong can be rude to you as he pleases.”

“Sister!”

“I do not want to give a lengthy speech. I have repeatedly said to be careful in one’s actions and words. You are not a child. I will only see you off to here so be careful on the way.”

Beth turned around indifferently as he watching Beth’s receding figure, David clenched his fists tightly. All over the place, once they opened their mouths, it was ‘Taran Gong ’, ‘Taran Gong ’. He couldn’t understand.

David’s father was the closest advisor of the King and his sister was the Queen. His nephew would become King someday.

Naturally, the King should trust David and keep him closer than anyone else. However, Kwiz was irresponsive to David, and when Kwiz was with the Duke of Taran, he treated David like leftovers.

‘What is so great about him?’

David felt twisted inside.

Translator’s Corner:

If any of you have ever watched Korean historical dramas, he calls her ‘Mama’.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (3)

Hugo was in a good mood because he was going home early.

‘Today, we can have dinner and take a walk together.’

When they were in Roam, they regularly ate dinner together but nowadays, it was difficult to do even that. He was needlessly busy with something.

When he got home, there was a lot of work to do. At that thought, his mood darkened slightly but still, he liked the fact that he was going home so his mood quickly lightened up.

He would have felt even better if he didn’t meet a certain person when he turned at the corner of the hallway.

‘Somehow, today is a bit annoying.’

Hugo thought as he looked at the woman, Sofia, who was looking at him with wide eyes. He didn’t want his return to be disturbed twice.

Sofia called out to stop Hugo as he was simply going to pass by.

“Your Grace. I hope you have been well. It has been a long time.”

Hugo was forced to stop as he could not outrightly ignore her in a public.

“It is late, but congratulations on your marriage.” (Sofia)

“Congratulations from me as well. I heard you have become a Countess.”

Count Alvin, the man Sofia married, was a rich merchant. In the economic field, he was ranked quite high in terms of importance. Since Hugo steadily got information about influential nobles in politics, economy and so on, he had already heard that Count Alvin had gotten married to the daughter of Baron Lawrence.

“...Yes. Thank you...for the congratulations. I am in the palace today to meet Her Highness the Queen.”

Hugo was not interested in whatever business Sofia was visiting the palace for. His mind was focused on rushing home.

Sofia was still as beautiful as ever. Those passing by could not take their eyes off her. Sofia’s beauty drew the attention of both men and women. After experiencing the pain of heart-break, a sense of melancholy was added onto that beauty, shaking up the hearts of men. Even though she was married, Sofia still received the love letters of many men when she attended balls.

Sofia’s beauty did not enter Hugo’s eyes. His eyes could see Sofia but his head was filled with the thoughts of his wife. On the contrary, the more he talked with the woman, the more he missed his wife. He did not see Sofia looking at him with a sad look in her eyes.

Seeing his cold red eyes, Sofia was shocked. She was yet to abandon her lingering affection, always thinking ‘maybe...’. She harbored expectations that maybe if they met again after a long time, he would also be slightly shaken by memories of the past.

However, his attitude as he offered his congratulations on her marriage was clean without a doubt. She was only one that spent long sleepless nights, and was unable to let go even after marriage.

“Then, I’ll be on my way now.” (Hugo)

Sofia felt desperate when she saw him walk by her without any hesitation. She had a feeling that this was really the end. There was no space to squeeze into his heart. Even knowing that, her hand grabbed onto him on its own.

When he stopped and looked at Sofia’s hand holding his sleeve, his face showed undisguised annoyance. Sofia was startled and released her hand.

“Are you...happy?” (Sofia)

He knit his brows, not giving an answer. Was her question that unpleasant?, Sophia thought and felt something flowing down her cheeks. She was crying in spite of herself.

By the time she dabbed her tears with her handkerchief and looked up, he was already walking away. The man who walked away without saying a single word of comfort to a crying woman was just as cruel as ever.

‘Why is it not me?’

When Sofia heard of his marriage, she experienced pain like the world was caving in. She wanted to run to him and ask. If he didn’t immediately go to his territory, she would have really done so.

Sofia, who had fallen into despair, accepted the proposal of Count Alvin. She had felt like giving up. She wanted to forget everything. But she could not find happiness in a marriage chosen as an escape.

In the midst of the abundance that could be enjoyed thanks to her husband’s wealth, Sofia’s heart was always empty. She could not let go off her persisting lingering affections at all.

***

Antoine was visiting to carry out a partial interim check on the finished dress and she was excited to hear of Lucia visiting the palace.

“Your first palace visit! I have to help.” (Antoine)

“You don’t have to go through that trouble.” (Lucia)

The Duke of Taran had revisited and proposed a double contract. Antoine was full of motivation for the profit that was guaranteed to be huge. Gold was the catalyst that ignited her soul. Although Antoine couldn’t do anything about the already reserved customers, she turned away all the customers that came to find her lately.

Antoine was aiming to be the exclusive designer of the Duchess of Taran.

“The first visit to the palace is a once-in-a-lifetime event! It ought to be special!”

No matter what one does, the first time was, of course, only once. Moreover, technically, it wasn’t Lucia’s first visit to the palace. Lucia lived as a princess in the palace until marriage. However, Lucia lost to Antoine’s passionate sophistry.

Early in the morning of the palace visit, Antoine was heavily armed like a soldier heading to battle.

“Since it is one’s first time meeting Her Highness the Queen, a refined and elegant style would be best. Because Duchess looks young, I will have to supplement that. It is elegant but it should express a freshness that is unlike a married Lady.”

Upon receiving inspiration, Antoine finally decided on a light violet dress adorned with tiny sparkling beads.

It gave the effect of a band fastened on the waist, emphasizing the slender waist and it spread abundantly below the waist, conservatively revealing the beautiful curves of the body.

The upper part clung to the shape of the body and the sleeves were made of see-through lace that ran from the shoulder to the under arm. Unlike fashion of late that revealed the cleavage, the neckline was just below the neck but it didn’t look trite or stifling.

Her hair was tied up in a bun, showing her slender and long neckline. Her reddish brown hair was pinned with a small white diamond pin. The finishing touch was Antoine’s magic-like make-up.

The reason Antoine was so popular among noblewomen was thanks to her exceptional make-up that was just as good as her skill with dresses.

Purple pearl was applied to her eyes and eyeliner was drawn on the corner of her eyes to make it rise slightly. Her white skin was emphasized and blush was applied on her cheeks to reveal her freshness.

The Lucia in the mirror gave off both elegance and vigor as Antoine had said.

‘How fascinating. Why doesn’t it work when I do it?’

Lucia did not consider herself a beauty. In her dream, she did not stand out at all, buried underneath gorgeous beauties. But, looking at herself in the mirror, Lucia thought:

‘It looks good. It looks...a little pretty.’

It wasn’t just because of the makeup or the dressing style. Lucia’s look had fundamentally changed.

The Lucia from the dream was passive and intimidated; rather than enjoying a ball, she was fed up with it.

The current Lucia was bright and confident. Her refreshing aura made her stand out.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 67 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (3)

TN: Gong is a title. This chapter is a test in regards to a comment last chapter. I am checking if the conversational brackets are really needed for you to tell who is speaking.

The carriage heading to the palace was escorted by knight Dean. The carriage stopped at the palace gates. An outsider holding a sword could not enter the palace.

In front of the palace, a royal carriage was waiting to fetch Lucia. The carriage that brought Luciawas to go on stand-by and wait for their Madam to re-emerge. Lucia transferred carriages and went into the palace.

“Welcome, Duchess.”

“Thank you for the invitation, Your Royal Highness.”

Lucia felt strange upon seeing Beth receive her warmly. In the dream, Lucia was unable to have a proper conversation with Beth. She had greeted Beth together with the crowd but it was unlikely that Beth had remembered her.

To be at the side of the Queen, one had to be at a similar level or be brazen enough to cling to her openly. Both of these didn’t apply to Lucia who simply went around in circles.

‘Oh my...’

Beth could hardly believe the rumors surrounding the Duchess. She had seen many princesses of the late king and there wasn’t much likelihood that an incomparable beauty would arise from the royal bloodline.

Nevertheless, Princess Katherine ranked as a beauty but in the first place, Katherine’s mother was a stunner. When she was young, Beth’s late mother-in-law was famous as the most beautiful woman in the kingdom and as concubine of the late king, she received his favor the longest.

Compared to her mother-in-law’s beauty, Katherine’s was a little lacking. Moreover, the other princesses were not that beautiful. It wasn’t that the appearances of the late King’s concubines were bad but the princesses mostly took after their father. So Beth laughed off the rumor that the Duchess was a stunning beauty.

However, the Duchess in reality was considerably different from the princesses that Beth had seen. It was not the typical beauty that Beth was familiar with. There was a somewhat fascinating allure that caught the eyes and a charming freshness. The two visages didn’t suit each other at all but they were harmonious on the Duchess without any awkwardness.

The thought occurred to Beth that even though the Duchess wasn’t that short, because of her slender build, she would fit right into a man’s embrace. Although the Duchess wasn’t the beauty of the century like the rumors depicted, Beth couldn’t bring herself to laugh at the rumor and call it completely absurd.

While the meal was being prepared, the two of them sat across each other on the sofa and grasped each other’s personality through short conversation.

“I am glad to have you here. I have been wanting to meet Duchess.”

“I am also honored to meet Your Royal Highness.”

Lucia’s face flushed slightly when she thought that Beth must have heard that rumor.

“Duchess is very calm. When I was around Duchess’ age, I was trembling all over, unable to say a word.”

Beth was surprised that the Duchess was only nineteen years of age. The Beth back then enjoyed her status as an honored lady, chasing after parties senselessly.

After getting married, she was careful to behave befitting of her status as Crown Princess and she became mature after giving birth and raising a child, but when she was a young maiden, Beth was the regular, playful young lady.

“I am flattered.”

“And you are also of few words. You are just like your husband. Taran Gong is a man of few words as well.”

“I apologize. I am not good at speaking.”

“I am not blaming you. After seeing so many people with so much to say, it is truly relaxing.”

Rather than saying Lucia was invited to a prepared luncheon, a luncheon was prepared to invite Lucia. Lucia was the only guest. The atmosphere was good. The food was excellent and the conversation was adequately light.

“According to rumors of recent, Taran Gong bought an enormous amount of jewelry for his wife.”

In order to promote their goods, Sepia Jewelry publicized that the Duke of Taran was pleased and purchased large quantities of their merchandise. The adverting impact was so great that there was a rapid increase in Sepia Jewelry’s sales and it was said that the parties concerned were grinning from ear to ear.

“Rumors are normally exaggerated, Your Royal Highness.”

Lucia blushed in embarrassment.

“Nonetheless, baseless rumors do not make rounds. When will you invite me to your mansion? I would like to see the rumored jewels.”

“Your praise is overwhelming. I will gladly oblige, Your Royal Highness.”

‘Truly, a pure individual.’

Most of the people around Beth would only say words that were pleasant to hear and honey drooled from their lips. It was an inevitable thing when one was at the center of power. So, the pure atmosphere of the Duchess deeply appealed to her.

‘The scary Taran Gong has a wife like this beside him. Is the Duchess even able to have a proper conversation with Taran Gong ? It can’t be that one trembles in fear before Taran Gong , right?’

Beth was little more curious about their private life.

‘Do they have a proper marital relationship?’

Could the Duke with his splendid track record be able to be satisfied with his pure wife?

“If you have the time, may I trouble you to see me often like this? At times, being cooped up in the palace is lonely.”

“If I am invited, I will visit anytime, Your Royal Highness.”

‘They’re really different...’

Beth was reminded of her sister-in-law, Katherine. Katherine was like a red rose that gave off very thick aroma. Beth had seen Kwiz troubled a few times because Katherine used the royal budget to buy dresses and jewelry.

[When I ascends the throne, I should cut off that brat’s spending. Or else, this circle will never end. If only I can marry her off quickly.]

Beth was skeptical of her husband’s pledge. Kwiz was very caring to his only blood sister. She was probably the only princess that was treated properly among the late king’s daughters and grew up without lacking anything. So, she was extremely prideful, hated to lose, and was selfish.

She wasn’t malicious but her personality was one that said was on her mind to feel relieved. Her words were rough without taking the other’s feelings into consideration so, Beth was been hurt quite a few times by Katherine’s words.

However, Katherine had gotten a little better as she grew older. When she was a child, she was an untouchable daredevil. Compared to Katherine, the Duchess was gentle and modest. She appeared to choose her words carefully every time she spoke.

[Taran Gong precisely declared that one shouldn’t think of meeting the Duchess as a sister.] (1)

This was what Kwiz told Beth when she informed him that she had invited the Duchess over for a meal. Whether it was the Duchess or her sister-in-law, it would be fine anyhow. It seemed they would be able to get along well.

Occasionally, Beth liked to invite close acquaintances to eat and talk. The person she invited most frequently was the Countess of Alvin.

‘I think the two of them would get along well...’

As she thought about it, she felt it was a pity. Although Beth did not know all the women involved with the Duke of Taran in the past, she knew that the Countess of Alvin was a past lover of the Duke. Since Sofia’s beauty stood out so much, there were many people paying attention to her and Beth heard of it while the noblewomen were gossiping.

‘It would be better for them not to meet if possible.’

Beth wondered how much the Duchess knew of the Duke’s past women.

“How about heading to the Rose Palace for some tea?”

Beth suggested.

“Lately, the flowers in Rose Palace are in full bloom. I heard that Duchess stayed there for a while. So one knows the beauty of the Rose Palace very well.”

“The flowers did not blossom during my stay hence one was unable to experience it. Thanks to Your Royal Highness today, one has obtained the chance to see it.”

“Oh my. Really? This is great then.”

The two of them rose up from their seats. Refreshments would be taken at the Rose Palace.

***

As always, the King and the Duke of Taran were busy discussing over a light topic after having their lunch. The Grand Chamberlain came in.

“Your Majesty. One would like to inform the Duke of Taran of a matter that one was asked to look into.”

Kwiz remembered seeing Hugo calling the Grand Chamberlain before they started their meal and saying something to him.

“You may speak.”

“Yes. After having lunch with Her Highness the Queen, the Duchess of Taran moved to the Rose Palace.”

“Ah. I did hear from the Queen that the Duchess would be visiting the palace today. Did you want to check if she is in the palace? How peculiar. She has certainly arrived.”

Hugo placed his teacup down and stood up from his seat.

“I will excuse myself for a moment.”

“To where?”

“I am going to see my wife since she is around and we happen to be in the same area.”

Since when did the huge expanse called the palace began to get described by narrow words such as ‘same area.’ While holding his teacup, Kwiz fell into deep thought, wondering what this was all about.

“I need an explanation. Is there something you urgently have to relay to the Duchess? If so, ordering the chamberlain should suffice.”

“There is nothing I have to relay by all means but even if I do, why would I order the chamberlain? A conversation should be done face-to-face.”

“...”

The Duke of Taran was certainly speaking in their native tongue but it sounded like a foreign language to Kwiz. Kwiz understood the outline of what was being said but he couldn’t understand the intention of the speaker.

‘Is he teaching me the definition of conversation?’, Kwiz thought.

Hugo didn’t want to delay any longer. There was a meeting in the afternoon. He only had time to see her for a short moment.

“I will come to the meeting on time.”

Hugo abruptly walked out and couldn’t be held back. Kwiz thought hard about it for a while then he questioned his aide.

“What do you think? If you don’t think about it complexly and simply interpret this situation?”

“...It seems to me that the Duke of Taran missed the Duchess and went to see her.”

“I mean, it also seems that way to me.”

Kwiz knew the situation but he couldn’t comprehend it at all. Why would the Duke miss the face that he saw every day at home? They have been married for more than a year now, reaching the peak of passion as a couple, moreover it was not a likely thing for the Duke of Taran.

Perhaps there was a deeper meaning and something profound to it. Kwiz fell into deep thought.

Translator’s Corner:

It doesn’t say Duchess in the raw but I had to give context.

*Reminder: Katherine is Kwiz’s sister.

*Just as a note, Beth’s title can be translated as Your Majesty or Your Highness but I wanted an obvious [English] distinction between Kwiz’s title and Beth’s. In Korean, they are very different but as always, English doesn’t keep that distinction.

*So, how was it without (speaker) brackets?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (4)

TN: This chapter has brackets. The next chapter will not. Some people don’t really get what I mean so here is an example: “Who are you?” (Lucia). Instead of putting (Lucia), I will just keep it as “Who are you?”.

David came into the Royal Palace to meet his sister but heard that she was away for a while, attending to a guest. It was boring to sit down and wait so he went looking for his sister. When he heard that she was at the Rose Palace, he slowly made his way there.

Although David was offended by his sister’s rebuke some time ago, he did not want to be estranged with her. Even if she kept saying annoying things when they met, Beth was one of the few people that David was limited against. If his relationship was bad with his sister who was the Queen and mother of the future King, he was the only one that would suffer.

‘My sister still sees me as a child but it’s a matter of time. Someday, she’ll see me differently.’

In order for the King to carry out his important goals, there had to be someone that he could trust at his side and he(David) was the best of that kind. After the coronation, the King would start to do many things in earnest.

David was positively confident that he would be placed in charge of an important task. And in preparation for that time, David was diligently gathering young talents. He firmly believed that his efforts would come to light one day.

As he drew closer to the Rose Palace, he was swarmed with a strong fragrance. The Rose Palace was to be given to the most favored woman of the king and was empty throughout the lifetime of the late king.

‘When the coronation is over, the Rose Palace ought to become my sister’s.’

David had heard that a princess had briefly stayed in Rose Palace.

‘And that princess married the Duke of Taran.’

How great the influence of the Taran Duke. It was obvious the princess had begged to stay in the Rose Palace.

‘Princess my ass. Because one is royal family, one is called a princess. If one were nobility, one is just an illegitimate child.’

David wanted to belittle everything related to the Duke of Taran. Because he was distracted for a moment, he went on the wrong path and entered the garden instead of the entrance. David grumbled at the annoyance of retracing his steps.

Suddenly, the blowing of the wind intensified. The summer breeze was strong so the petals piled on the floor became a whirlpool and flew towards David. To protect himself from the wind, he covered his face with his hand and narrowed his eye.

When David was finally able to see properly, he discovered a hat that was blown to his feet. The hat was richly decorated with lace and was most certainly a noble lady’s. David picked up the hat and stood up, lifting his head.

And he froze.

The woman who was flustered because of her flying hat, turned towards David. The dress of the woman glistened like the surface of a lake bathed with sunlight. The sunlight seemed to pass through her white skin which was clear like it would soon disappear. Her exceptionally red lips stood out among the red rose petals in full bloom.

The atmosphere made by the fantastical view of the rose garden, the sweet scent of flowers, the sunlight and the soft wind, unbelievably suited the woman and for David, it was indeed love at first sight.

David held the hat and approached the woman. His heart raced like a teenage boy experiencing his first love. The face of his fiancée from long time marriage talks already flew from his mind. There was a maidservant next to the woman but the maid was completely disregarded.

David stopped a step away from the woman and courteously held out the hat.

“A hat with the heart of a beautiful noble flew to my feet so I shall return it. May I please be allowed to hold onto that heart?”

Lucia received the hat and turned her head sideways as a small laugh escaped from her mouth. How could one say such things without reddening in the slightest? Lucia was just laughing because it was her first time being hit by such a blatant man.

Lucia wanted to take a look around the spacious rose garden so she had obtained consent from the Queen and was taking a walk. A sudden gust of wind blew her hat away, surprising her, and when an unfamiliar man picked it up and approached her, she was even more surprised.

Lucia felt reassured since she was together with her maid and the handmaid placed by the Queen. She remember Jerome’s advice that she should never be alone outside the mansion.

‘So this kind of unexpected situation can happen,’ Lucia thought to herself.

“Thank you for returning the hat.”

Although Lucia laughed because the situation itself was strange, in David’s eyes, it looked like she was giving him a smile.

“Even your voice is beautiful. I am Count David Ramis of the Duke of Ramis.”

When David introduced himself, Lucia was able to recall memories from her dream.

The eldest son of the Duke of Ramis. Lucia had seen him several times at parties. He was not inferior to the Duke of Taran and went around with followers. There weren’t many occasions were the two men were at a party on the same day and at the same time but, on such a day, the crowd was divided into two.

Lucia did not see David in a very good light. He acted like a good person but he was arrogant. If the Duke of Taran’s arrogance was confidence without a care for others, David’s arrogance was to trample others beneath his feet.

It was purely Lucia’s subjective gaze. In the dream, Lucia liked and admired the Duke of Taran. In any case, Lucia always felt a sense of discomfort when she saw David’s smiling face. He seemed to be wearing a thin mask on his face.

Lucia had merely just felt that he was a bad person but then she happened to come across a scene of David’s. She had attended a very large ball and had secluded herself at a corner in order to rest and avoid the bustle of people for a while.

[What? Is that true?]

She heard a loud voice and when she looked, it was David together with some man.

[Did father really?]

[Yes. I’m afraid one’s intention...]

The distant sound of grinding teeth could be heard. And when Lucia saw David’s terribly distorted face, she was shocked and hid herself again. His murderous expression was completely different from his usual smiling expression. But the fact that there was no awkwardness was appalling.

After the men left, Lucia remained hidden for a while then she carefully went out to the hall. Her disturbed beating heart did not settle down for a long while. This happened some time before her marriage to Count Matin was over.

And after a considerable period of time, Lucia was again privy to news of the high society as a maid and heard that the Duke of Ramis passed away of old age and David took up his mantle. When she heard that it had been some time since the second son of the late Duke of Ramis died in an accident, she somehow felt strange.

Time passed since she quit her job as a maid and the last she heard of the Ducal Household of Ramis was by chance. She heard that the (new)Duke of Ramis attempted a rebellion and their family was wiped out. She didn’t hear what subsequently happened to the Queen who was from the Ducal Household of Ramis or the Crown Prince whom the Duke of Ramis had tried to establish as King.

“The moment I saw you, I thought the roses had turned into a person.” (David)

Lucia who was reminiscing about what might happen in the distant future was brought back to reality. Her memories from the dream overlapped and her impression of the man in front of her changed.

‘Maybe he’s acting this way because he knows who I am.’

She had doubts about his intention for approaching her.

“You overpraise.” (Lucia)

“It is not an exaggeration. I have never seen such a beauty. Will you please give me the honor of hearing your noble name?” (David)

It didn’t seem like he approached her purposefully since he was asking for her name. Lucia’s silence made David’s heart grow more impatient.

“I will not go somewhere and say something rash. I am blinded by your noble beauty. Would you like to take a walk with me for a moment? I am earnestly looking forward to having you open up a little bit as we take in the abundant scent of roses.”

David was an aggressive young man. He had no hesitation about boldly confessing his love to a woman that caught his fancy. In return, his passion cooled off just as fast as it ignited.

David was full of confidence as he had never been rejected by any woman. By nature, he liked things that stood out and he preferred the pure and elegant type of beauty rather than a beauty that was so gorgeous it suppressed him. The woman in the garden perfectly matched his tastes.

David was so absorbed in his feelings that he did not notice that there were eyes watching them. They were from the side that was close to the rear of the direction where Lucia stood.

Lucia could not see them but if David moved his gaze a little, he would be able to.

Translator’s Corner:

....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.

*I tried reading MTL yesterday. I certainly lost a few brain cells. How do ppl do it?? QAQ

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 68 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (4)

TN: Test 2. No brackets.

‘Why is that child here...’

Beth watched her younger brother hit on the Duchess with a rather embarrassed expression. It was embarrassing to listen to and her face automatically grew hot. She never wanted to know how her brother seduced women.

After the Duchess left to the garden, Beth was busy instructing the maids to prepare the refreshments and the Duke of Taran showed up. Beth wondered if there was something urgent since he was looking for the Duchess and she hurried with him to the garden and was met with an unseemly sight.

Beth shifted her gaze to look at the Duke of Taran standing next to her. The usually cold expression of the Duke remained unchanged. Fortunately, he didn’t seem to be greatly angered.

‘How do I kill this fool?’

Beth couldn’t not even imagine that the Duke of Taran was currently contemplating her brother’s murder in his head.

As Hugo watched the scoundrel make a pass at his wife, he was thinking of a dozen ways to end him. Beneath the icy mask on his face, his eyes sparked violently.

A little while ago, Hugo was certainly in a very good mood. He knew that she was in the palace so he made his way to the Rose Palace and was looking forward to seeing her surprised at his appearance.

However, as soon as he entered the garden and saw such a scene, his mood instantly hit rock bottom. It was a fly was buzzing around a fragrant flower. The radiant flower that he had been hiding away in his bosom had now reached the point where its blossoming fragrance couldn’t be hidden anymore.

Hugo clenched his teeth in worry. Damn it. Why is she so pretty? She ended up attracting this kind of bum. It was enough for him alone to know how lovely she was. Not for some other bastard to come snooping around the fortune that was his wife.

Outwardly, Hugo’s expression was unchanged but inwardly, his blood was boiling and he was on the verge of exploding. He took some deep breaths and barely managed to control himself. He had to find composure. He couldn’t kill the brother-in-law of the King inside the palace.

‘What? Blinded by beauty? This bastard should really go blind then he can’t pull this kind of crap again.’

Hugo could no longer stand the sight of the man zealously trying to woo his wife. When the man asked her to take a walk with him, Hugo stepped forward.

***

Lucia was wondering how to turn down the persistent David’s insinuation of a date. When she was in the north, she should have learned from Kate how to reject a man’s courtship without hurting each other’s face(dignity). She hadn’t pay any attention at all because she had thought it was something unrelated to herself.

“That is difficult. She has a prior engagement.”

Lucia’s eyes widened when she heard that familiar voice that made her heart pound every time she heard it. Before she could say ‘ah’, he was right beside her. He wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her into his arms.

“Why are you...”

Lucia mumbled with a puzzled look on her face. His arm around her waist was holding her strongly.

“What business do you have with my wife?”

David was surprised at the sudden emergence of the Duke of Taran, he was surprised again at him naturally embracing the woman, and he was shocked speechless by the following words of the Duke of Taran.

“W...ife? Then, the Duch..ess?”

David’s eyes shook tremendously with shock. The woman who captured his heart in an instant already had a husband. It can’t be. David blankly stared at Lucia in disbelief. The sight of her nestled in the Duke of Taran’s embrace as though accustomed to it, shocked him all over again.

David’s gaze did not move away from her. Hugo wrinkled his eyebrows. It was a waste to even let the fool see.

Turn away! Hugo suppress the urge to yell and darkly called out to the man.

“Sir Ramis.”

When David’s gaze turned to him, Hugo was satisfied.

“Do not personally approach my wife like this again.”

And Hugo’s eyes were strongly saying: Get lost, greenhorn. It was a gaze that completely looked down on the other.

David was annoyed.

“You speak too harshly. It was just a momentary idle conversation. Marriage does not mean a woman becomes another’s possession.”

To Hugo, it sounded like he was saying he would make a pass at her again. The man was making great effort to die. Hugo’s scarlet eyes darkened sharply.

Should he just kill him and damn the consequences? He would have seriously considered it if she(Lucia) was not there. He couldn’t let her to see him killing people.

Usually, Hugo thought of David as beneath his notice. The sight of the man getting riled up alone was like an ignorant puppy so Hugo didn’t feel the need to deal with him as an opponent. However, with this incident, Hugo definitely marked David down.

If David knew, he would have been infuriated several times over. So far, he had been insignificant existence to the Duke of Taran, but because of a woman that David fell for at first sight, he had become a presence to be blacklisted, and that woman was the Duke of Taran’s wife.

“Ramis Gong must have great talent. Since he has a son who lives like he has an extra life.”

For the first time in his life, Hugo made a gentle threat.

“Wha...what??”

David arrogantly faced the other.

However, in the face of Hugo’s fiendish bloodthirst, his throat was clogged and the words refused to come out. It was true bloodthirst that had reaped the lives of countless men. Even a courageous enemy general could only lower his tail. There was no way David could receive it upfront.

David went pale, shaking like a leaf and fell to the floor. Seeing this sight, the Duke of Taran raised his lips in a sneer. David felt dizzy as blood rushed to his head. Anger, shame, humiliation. The dark emotions that he’d felt throughout his life surged to their limit.

The Duke of Taran grabbed the wrist of the Duchess and pulled her to the rear of the garden. The two of them soon disappeared into the wall of rose vines.

David, who was on the floor, was stunned. He couldn’t understand why he was forced to this state. Beth approached her brother. She inwardly clicked her tongue at her brother who showed such an ugly behavior.

“Are you okay?”

“Sister! Did you not hear what that guy said? He threatened to kill me!”

“You don’t have to take it that far.”

Beth countered indifferently. Hugo’s bloodthirst was only focused on David so Beth did not feel the situation was that serious. She just thought that her weak brother could not withstand the Duke of Taran’s momentum.

“Didn’t I say you should regularly brush up on your training with the sword? Although the Ramis family is not a warrior family, it is easier to obtain the loyalty of the knights if one is be able to use to sword to some degree.”

“This is not a matter of swordsmanship! No matter how audacious one is, how could one make such a threat? Do you see this as something that should happen?!”

What threat? Beth was dissatisfied with her younger brother’s excessive statement. Actually, Beth had thought of it that way a little but because of David acting overboard, she ended up regarding it as not a big deal. She knew the character of her younger brother who thought that he was the priority in everything.

“You were at fault first. Did you not make a pass at the Duchess?”

“Did I know?!”

“Anyway, stand up already.”

Beth frowned at the pathetic sight of her brother sitting on the floor. David grit his teeth. He didn’t want to be like this either. What did she expect him to do when his legs gave out? After some time, he staggeringly got to his feet.

“Is that really the Duchess?”

“Yes. She came into the palace today and we had a meal together. So, do not be rude when you see her again next time.”

David’s shoulders sank down. He was really disappointed. He thought he had met his fated woman.

“Why didn’t you inform me that there was such a beauty? Since she is a princess, sister could have known first.”

“Now you’re saying all sorts of nonsense. Do you mean I am supposed to find out if the princesses are beautiful or not?”

Beth coldly cut off her brother’s whining.

“If there is nothing urgent, go back for today. I still have to attend to my guest.”

“...When you say guest, do you mean the Duchess?”

Seeing through to his obvious interest, Beth clicked her tongue.

“It seems you didn’t understand Taran Gong’s warning at all. Instead of engaging in this futile endeavor, go back.”

“Seriously? I’m speechless. Is there a law that a married woman cannot talk to others?”

It was, of course, rude to make a pass at a woman in front of her husband.

It was enough reason for one to apply for a duel. However, if there was no intention to ridicule and one applied for a duel with that reason, in Xenon’s aristocratic culture, it would be regarded as an act with no class and would draw ridicule.

The sexual customs of Xenon’s nobility was very liberal. The reason that one’s partner, whether it was the man or the woman, had a lover, was not enough grounds for a divorce. The culture was tolerant of the illegitimate child of the male as well as the illegitimate child of the female. Receiving a declaration of love after getting married could not even become a source of gossip.

In David’s opinion, the Duke of Taran’s actions were ugly. Restraining a woman was the action of country bumpkins.

“From the standpoint of a husband, if one sees a man approaching their wife in front of them, one will certainly feel bad.”

While Beth was talking, deep down, she was surprised. Taran Gong’s reaction was excessive. Anyone could see that it was the aggressiveness of a man that was overcome with jealousy.

‘Jealousy?’

To Beth, there was no word that did not suit the Duke of Taran as much as that one.

Translator’s Corner:

Gong : (general description) A type of honorific. It is a title(공) given to a noble personage in a high position. It is usually a term of respect/honorific for a Duke. In this novel, it seems to apply to Marquis as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 [part 1] - < — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (5)

TN: Okay! After looking at the comments and thinking about it, I will keep the brackets. No reason to remove them if some of you need it. Enjoy!

Hugo held Lucia’s wrist firmly and dragged her away. His strides covered so much distance that even though he was just walking slightly fast, Lucia had to take quick running steps to keep up with him.

“Hugh. Did something happen? Why are you so–”

...Upset, was what she was going to say. He came to a stop and suddenly pulled her into a kiss. They were in the garden which was open at all sides and it was impossible to know when someone would come.

Lucia was alarmed and tried to push him away but his hold on her chin tightened. He kissed her lips roughly and her delicate lips became swollen and tingling. His hot tongue occupied her mouth in an instant, sweeping over her teeth and reaching deep into her mouth. At the violent kiss that didn’t even giving space to breathe, Lucia panted breathlessly and managed to follow.

He broke away, changing the direction and overlapping their lips over and over again. The kiss that continued till she was out of breath came to an end. At the finish, he gently licked her lips and his scarlet eyes radiated with lust.

“I am going to fire your designer.”

His desire still lingered so he repeatedly placed light kisses on her lips.

“Huh?”

“Who said you should come out looking so pretty? It’s okay to have done it roughly!”

The person went to a boutique personally and obstinately acquired an expensive designer was now complaining. Lucia found his stubbornness unreasonable but she was happy at him saying she was pretty so she gave him a gracious sidelong glance.

When she saw herself in the mirror before coming out, she thought she looked rather pretty. Receiving a man’s aggressive courtship for the first time in her life and with her husband also saying she was pretty, her self-confidence increased.

“Don’t do that. Antoine worked really hard this morning. And it was you who said that my attire is a matter of family prestige.”

Hugo didn’t care about things like prestige. He just wanted to buy her a dress. Although he did not want her going around in scruffy clothing, he also didn’t want her to go around looking pretty. He was lost in contradiction.

“In addition, how could we leave in such a way? It is rude to Her Highness the Queen.” (Lucia)

“Is that important in this situation?”

“What situation is ‘this situation’?”

“Oh, I don’t know...that fellow was pursuing you!”

“...Yes?”

Lucia burst into laughter when she saw him fuming.

“It’s not like that. He just picked up my hat from on the floor.”

Lucia was not a fool so it wasn’t like she didn’t know what the situation earlier was. But there was no need for her to boast to him that a man asked her out on a date. She didn’t want him to misunderstand that she dirtied the honor of the Duke with unwieldy conduct.

“What do you mean it’s not? I heard everything. It was the typical way to make a pass at a woman.” (Hugo)

Lucia gave him a prudish glare and made a ‘hmmm’ sound.

“I suppose you know since you have more experience.”

Why did the topic go there? Hugo shut his mouth. At times like this, he wanted to give his past self a good thrashing for making him unable to say a word.

“Even if the situation earlier was like that of a man approaching a woman...” (Lucia)

It was not ‘like that’ but precisely the situation! (Hugo)

“Nothing comes out of it since I didn’t have that in mind.” (Lucia)

Hugo’s rising anger finally settled down. Her extremely calm reaction made him feel relieved.

“Why did you react so sensitively? Do not worry. I will not do anything that will damage the Ducal honor.” (Lucia)

“...It’s nothing like that.”

Lucia’s expression grew strange. Before she could think deeper about his words, she began to grasp her surroundings and her mind flew elsewhere. Her gaze was focused a little further away from him.

Hugo turned his head in the direction of her gaze. Because he had thoughtlessly dragged her to get her away from that bastard, he didn’t pay any attention to his surroundings. They were in middle of a section of the rose garden that was filled with yellow roses.

Of all places. Hugo’s expression distorted. He already didn’t like it when he heard that she was at the Rose Palace.

In the north, Lucia had failed to create a rose garden. Jerome had made every effort to stop her. He had diligently brought up reason after reason; that his master hated roses or whatever nonsense he thought up. Something didn’t add up but Jerome’s efforts were pitiful so Lucia decided not to make a rose garden.

However, seeing Hugo’s expression now, it seemed that he really did not like roses. Lucia acted like she didn’t notice and changed the subject.

“Her Highness the Queen is preparing refreshments. Do you have time to join us?”

“...For tea?”

Hugo did not have time. He had to go because the meeting would be starting soon. However, when he thought about it, would David not also be there? If that bastard was going to be there, he had to protect his position.

“Mm. That’ll be fine.” (Hugo)

The two of them began to walk out of the garden. Hugo wanted to escape from the damn roses as quickly as possible. At this point, he was extremely sick of roses. He didn’t know he would ever have such an intense emotion towards flowers.

The matter of David constantly weighed on Lucia’s mind. It was still a matter of the distant future and one couldn’t know if the rebellion would succeed but anyways, he had failed and died.

But Lucia was worried that David’s rebellion might have a slight negative impact on Hugo.

But what could she say to him? That she saw it in her dream? It was not something that would happen right away. But she wanted him to watch out for David a little. She didn’t think he was someone that was careless and would ignore the people around him.

However, from what she saw earlier, his attitude towards David seemed too disregarding. Lucia looked around. After confirming that no one was around, she lowered her voice.

“Hugh. This is a really useless question but please listen and forget about it. Is there a possibility that the Ducal House of Ramis will commit treason?”

“...Treason?”

It was a dangerous question. It was not a word that should be said carelessly. Moreover, in the palace.

“I was...thoughtless, wasn’t I?”

If it was another person that asked the question, Hugo would have ignored it completely. And he would be suspicious of their intentions and regard them as a target to be watched. However at his wife’s question, he thought about it seriously without the slightest concern.

Hugo recalled the Duke of Ramis. There was no such thing in the old man’s character. The old man was a sly politician that regularly addressed Hugo with honorifics even though Hugo was much younger. Kwiz was particular in his choices with people. He was not just keeping the Duke of Ramis close because the man was his father-in-law.

“He is a close adviser of the king and out of his three grandchildren, one will become king. There is no reason for him to ruin his flowerbed with his own hand.” (Hugo)

“I don’t mean presently. Um...that is to say, in the distant future where the Count Ramis that we saw earlier becomes the Duke.”

“...”

After David becomes the Duke. When Hugo thought of that time, he could not be certain that it would be as before. Right now, the man was acting big like an immature greenhorn but, after years pass, he would grow older and change into a skillful, scheming politician. Hugo also knew that the man was building a group for himself. If the man were to become Duke and gain greater strength then try to rise up with that force...

‘He will die in my hands before he can rebel.’

He had been careless and did not stamp out the embers. He had left it alone thinking of giving face to the Duke of Ramis and the king. Since the man was so ridiculous, Hugo held him in contempt.

However, after listening to her, he realized it wasn’t something to regard lightly. The man was the eldest son of the Duke of Ramis and would inherit the title of Duke. Hugo could not guarantee how long the aged Duke could hold onto that title. He placed David Ramis as a target to be on the lookout for in his mind.

“Why are you curious about that?” (Hugo)

“If it is difficult, you don’t have to answer. It was just that earlier, his gaze on you was a little...”

“Are you concerned? About me?”

“Is it a needless concern?”

“Not at all.”

Hugo lifted her hand which was in his and kissed the back of her hand.

“I’m glad that you’re worried about me but you don’t have to. I will take care of everything.”

As always, he was brimming with confidence. Lucia laughed silently. If it was this man, no matter what crisis approached, he would overcome it. The feeling of being surrounded and protected by a strong wall was cozy and comfortable. Her slight anxiety disappeared completely.

“I heard you asked the butler about the yellow roses.” (Hugo)

Although they had already left the garden, Hugo’s mind was continuously bothered by the abundance of yellow roses and he couldn’t ignore it.

“That is a matter from a while ago. I heard from the butler that you have taken care of it completely.”

Lucia smiled and tried to let it pass over. She didn’t want yellow roses to be the topic for long.

“In the future, do not ask the butler for that sort of thing, ask me.” (Hugo)

“What is ‘that sort of that thing’?”

“Whatever you’re curious about.”

“It’ll annoy you very much.”

“It won’t.”

‘If you have time to talk to some other guy, talk to me instead.’

Hugo was thinking childishly. Even his loyal butler Jerome had become some other guy. Such childish thought was something he had never had in the past and even though he was yet to say such things outwardly, he was confidently thinking like that.

Lucia smiled gently. His pledge that he would try to be a trustworthy husband was not an empty one. Traces of his efforts could be seen here and there. Every night, he briefly told her of his schedule the next day so that Lucia could roughly know where he was, what he was doing and why he was late.

She didn’t have doubts that he would meet another woman in secret but knowing his schedule, she knew he didn’t have time to do so and her heart felt at ease.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 69 [part 2] - < — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Capital’s High Society[2]– > (5)

Translator: Miss Ruby

Unlike what Hugo was concerned about, David had already gone back.

On the palace terrace, the Queen and the Ducal Couple were having tea. Beth was acting calm but she couldn’t help but repeatedly glance at the Duke of Taran. She didn’t think a day would come where she would sit and have tea with the Duke.

“Did you resolve your matter of urgency?”

Beth thought that the reason for the Duke’s sudden arrival was because he had something important to tell the Duchess.

“Yes, it was resolved. I apologize for the rudeness from earlier.” (Hugo)

“No, I hope that Gong can generously overlook my brother’s rudeness to the Duchess. I admonished him sternly and sent him back.” (Beth)

Beth showed that she was siding with them but she could not exonerate David.

David was already firmly impressed in Hugo’s mind. In a very bad way. Hugo planned to order a thorough investigation that would shake out even the color of David’s underwear when he got back today.

Lucia gave him a strange look. Now that she thought about it, she didn’t hear his reason for coming here. She turned away from Beth and her eyes met with his for a moment.

Reading the question in her eyes, Hugo gave a very faint smile and slowly licked his upper lip. Lucia’s eyes widened as she blushed fiercely and lowered her head. She was reminded of the kiss from earlier and her heart was pounding.

‘This man seriously! Doesn’t he know where we are?’ (Lucia)

When she lifted her eyes and glared at him, he smirked and lifted the teacup to his mouth. His shamelessness and leisureness was really hateful.

“Duchess. Are you hot? Your face is red.”

“Pardon? Ah...No, I am alright.”

A handmaid came in and whispered something to the Queen. Beth made a gesture of understanding and sent the maid away then she looked at the Duke of Taran with an odd expression.

“ Gong . His Majesty sent a messenger. He inquires why you have not come when the afternoon meeting is about to begin.”

“Did you have a meeting?” (Lucia)

You didn’t say that earlier! Why are you acting so carefree?! Because there were people around, Lucia kept her criticism to herself but her eyebrows rose threateningly.

“I shall be on my way.” (Hugo)

Hugo nodded to Beth and left the words ‘a moment’ with Lucia then he went out of the terrace. Lucia excused herself from Beth and followed after him.

Beth tilted her head slightly. The air between the two was unusual. Of course since they were a couple, Beth didn’t think they would be indifferent but unlike what she expected, the Duchess did not seem to have any difficulty with Taran Gong .

Beth acted like she didn’t see anything but she has seen the two of them exchanging frequent glances.

***

Lucia came out of the terrace and saw him standing, waiting for her. Why was he taking his time when he was summoned by the king? Lucia was reaching her limit. When she was about to ask why he asked her to come out, he suddenly approached her and hugged her waist.

Lucia was startled and hit his shoulder. When she saw the chamberlain that was waiting to escort Hugo tactfully turn away, her face flushed crimson.

“Oh seriously. What are you doing! They can all see.”

Lucia spoke with a heavily muffled voice and pushed against his chest with all her might.

“I’ll be late today.” (Hugo)

“I know. You told me yesterday.”

“Will you be going home soon?”

“Yes. After talking with Her Highness the Queen.”

“Don’t fall asleep. That way we can finish what we didn’t finish earlier.”

“Hugh!”

He grabbed her chin and kissed her. It was a short but deep kiss. Lucia was astounded.

Again, he kissed his wife’s cheeks that was as red as an apple then he released his hold on her. And walked away as if nothing had happened.

Lucia’s clenched fists trembled as she watching his receding figure. When he got home today, she would make sure to hammer it into his head not to do this again.

“ K-hm. K-hm .”

At the sound of someone clearing their throat, Lucia was startled and turned around. At some point, Beth had arrived. How much did she see? Lucia was so embarrassed she wanted to faint.

‘From the looks of it...I don’t think it is an absurd rumor.’

Beth thought as she looked at the embarrassed Duchess who did not know what to do.

People focused on the rumor of ‘the beautiful Duchess’, and the part where ‘the Duke was completely enchanted by her beauty and dragged her to his territory’ was seen as an arrived conclusion.

Beth realized that the rumor’s assumed conclusion was more important that the premise.

She wondered how surprised her husband would be if she told him this. If she was the only one to know for the time being, it would also be fun to see her husband’s surprised expression when he learnt of it later.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 [part 1] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Duchess Vivian — > (1)

The day of the tea party was drawing near. Jerome put together detailed information about the Countess of Jordan, who was the organizer of the tea party that Lucia was to attend, and gave Lucia this information.

The Countess of Jordan was thirty-eight years old. She raised 2 sons and 5 daughters with the Count and her eldest son recently held his social debut party on his 15th birthday. Out of the five daughters, it was an open secret that all except the third one were all illegitimate children. Because the Countess held a lot of interest in gardening, she liked to discuss about such topics and was skillful with music.

‘...Is one originally supposed to know such things before going?’

In her dream, no one gave the Countess of Matin any information about the high society. Lucia had started off with knowing absolutely nothing and attended all kinds of parties as she was ordered to.

‘Four of the five daughters are illegitimate children?’

Lucia had not known this. The Countess of Jordan as Lucia remembered from her dream was someone who had a fruitful family and vast connections. Lucia had naively thought that the relationship of the couple must be good since they had many children.

***

Meanwhile, a great storm descended on the calm days of the Countess of Jordan. The tea party that was originally planned for ten people had drawn the attention of many people.

There was a line of people mobilizing all sorts of connections and requesting to join. Some people had to be removed and some people had to stay. There was no way to keep it at just ten people. Unable to stand the troubled Duchess, her family advised her to completely change the tea party to a garden one.

The Countess usually only held small tea parties. Once in a while, after a long interval, she made up her mind and held one a party on a grand scale once a year.

Eventually, the purpose of the tea party had to be changed and it was to be attended by about 50 previously unplanned people.

***

“The tea party. Are you going?”

After a round of sex, the inside of the bedroom was filled with a strange smell and the atmosphere was sticky. Hugo ran kisses from her back to her neck and brought up what he had been wanting to say all evening.

“Yes. It is tomorrow.” (Lucia)

“I think it will be quite tiring.” (Hugo)

Hugo was not delighted when it came to any variables concerning his wife. He persistently rained kisses on her naked body that lay face down on the bed. He went down the line of her back, reaching to the curve of her behind.

“I didn’t realize people would be so interested in me.” (Lucia)

It was to the extent that it changed the scale of the tea party. Lucia was quite surprised by this matter. And she realized that the position of Duchess was a greater position than she thought. In order not to lose face for him, she decided that she would buckle up more and engage in social activities.

Hugo chuckled and bit her slightly jiggling, plump white buttocks. Lucia let out a short scream and made a fuss but Hugo looked at the bite mark left on her appetizing mound with satisfaction.

“It’s not something to laugh off lightly. Why don’t you cancel the occasion tomorrow and pick a different schedule to go?” (Hugo)

“That is not courteous. If I do that, terrible rumors will circulate about me.” (Lucia)

Hugo heavily leaned on top of her and deeply whispered in her ear.

“Then they will learn the price of carelessly running their mouth.”

Hugo truly meant his words but Lucia didn’t pay it any attention. To her, the rumors of high society were not something anyone could handle. She had never seen or heard of anyone trying to track down the source of a rumor because it was unfavorable. It didn’t occur to her that he might become the first person to make such an unbelievably foolish attempt.

“If I attend the tea party as arranged tomorrow, such rumors will not arise in the first place. I will not cancel.” (Lucia)

“...How stubborn.”

“Hng...”

Hugo pushed his penis inside her as he pressed down on her from above. Her insides, wet from the fluids of their previous round, smoothly wrapped around his thing and swallowed it. But it wasn’t easy to enter her because she was lying down.

Hugo grabbed her hands, pulling them behind her and supported her waist.

“What time does it end?” (Hugo)

“It starts during the day...ah...so it should end before nightfal-...ah.”

Each time he rammed into her, it sent tingles up her spine. His hard crown continuously prodded her sensitive part. Lucia squeezed the sheets. His weight moderately pressing down on her made her more excited.

“If halfway, you don’t feel up to it, you can leave. You’re in a position that can do that.” (Hugo)

“Aah!”

“Uk.”

Her insides suddenly tightened causing him to stop moving and swallow his breath. As she reached her climax, her inner walls convulsed and tightly clamped down on his member. Lucia’s body shook tremblingly and slackened. When her tightness reduced to some extent, Hugo clicked his tongue.

“I haven’t even put it in a few times. Already done?” (Hugo)

“Hnng...”

Hugo snickered as he watched her ears turn red.

“At this rate, I will be using hands later on, my wife.”

When he moved his waist again, Lucia let out a scream.

“Wa-wait. Just a moment...ah...to rest...ang...”

He thrust in strongly.

“You want to be the only one to have fun?”

“Hk. Ah...you bother me...ung...everyday.”

“You have to say it the right way. I’m making you feel good.”

Hugo grabbed her hips, lifted her butt up and drove his length all the way in. The feeling of him hitting her deepest part was so electrifying that tears welled up in her eyes. His movements grew more and more intense. Every time he thrust into her, body fluids flowed down her thighs. And every time he entered into her, squelching sounds could be heard.

The sensation from her orgasm still lingered and as he pounded her without mercy, her sensitive inner walls stirred and clung tightly to his penis. Coquettish cries burst from her mouth.

“Ah! Haa! Ang!”

“Huu...Vivian.”

When he huskily called out her name, Lucia felt her body shudder with pleasure. Her insides squeezed, stimulating him and his movements became faster.

“Auu! Haa! Slow...slowlyyy!!”

Hugo took hard breaths as he conquered her thoroughly. His back muscles were stretched taut with force. Her spring did not dry and her vagina did not stop spasming. The feeling of penetrating her narrow walls and grazing against her insides filled him with thrill. It was not as much pleasure as when he came but the feeling of her flesh caressing his penis was good.

But above all that, the moment he thrust into her, he confirmed his possession of her and flew into ecstasy. Constantly and countlessly confirming, and confirming again, was not enough.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 70 [part 2] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Duchess Vivian — > (1)

TN: Next chapter is LONG. Almost 5k words~

Fabian came into the ducal residence with a gloomy face and dark shadows under his eyes. He appeared like a ghost causing Jerome to flinch. Without greeting his brother whom he hadn’t seen in a long time, Fabian muttered low-spiritedly.

“His Grace?”

“He...is not around.” (Jerome)

“I heard he was going to the palace this afternoon.”

“He did not go to the palace. The Madam is going to a tea party today so he went to see her off. Just wait and he’ll be back.”

“What? A tea party?”

Fabian’s eyes gleamed and a sharp look came into his eyes.

“This subordinate is made to run around like this while you escort your wife to a tea party? I’m tired of seeing the back of my sleeping wife! I want to see the adorable faces of my kids properly!”

Fabian’s usual work did not shrink at all but with the work of gathering rumors and even investigating some greasy-faced bastard whether it was Dave or David, he ended up having to pull all-nighters, day in day out. Because Jerome and Fabian lived separately and their work differed from each other, they did not know the other’s livelihood very well. So, Jerome did not know about Fabian’s long night shifts.

“I guess the work is a lot. You get more bonus though.” (Jerome)

As far as Jerome knew, Fabian was not someone that would endure if he was not paid his due.

Fabian got even gloomier. That was the problem. His income had sharply increased in proportion to his working hours but his wife liked that better. She hummed in excitement at the increased income for the children’s educational expenses.

“Since when did he become so mindful of rumors making everything so complicated?” (Fabian)

“Why? Did a bad rumor spread lately?”

Jerome’s face became serious. Was it a rumor about the madam?

“Rumors of His Grace are always bad! Is there a problem between the two these days? I mean, did any strife arise because of some rumor?”

“There has been no such thing.”

Jerome was first of all, relieved that it was not a rumor concerning his Madam. Then he thought of the couple that were his masters. The relationship between the two was very good. It seemed even better than when they were in Roam. After dinner in the evening, no one drew close to the bedroom on the second floor, not even for a second.

‘If one compares the time from before master got married and the time spent here, it is like heaven and earth.’

With just the addition of the Madam, the cold mansion now seemed like a house where someone really lived. The servants gossiped among themselves that it was their first time seeing a couple this affectionate after they have been married for over a year. Hearing that, Jerome felt happy as though he had been praised.

“Then, why in the world is he doing this? I am losing my respect for His Grace these days.” (Fabian)

Although Jerome knew that Fabian was making an excessive joke because he was in front of his brother, Jerome was a voluntary slave and devotee of the ducal couple of Taran. Brother or not did not matter.

“I have to advice you not to question your loyalty.” (Jerome)

“...you heartless brat. But this tea party. Is it not just for noblewomen alone?” (Fabian)

“Like I said, he went to see her off.”

“When did it become customary to escort a noblewoman to a tea party venue?”

There was no such custom. Jerome cleared his throat instead of giving a reply. When Fabian pointed out something he couldn’t bring himself to say, Jerome felt awkward for no reason.

Fabian lamented.

“Hoh-hoh. His Grace has completely changed.”

There were already signs from the time when Fabian had received the order to investigate into the character of the madam’s acquaintance’s fiancé. It was also apparent that all the increases in workload recently was related to the Madam.

The Duke was a selfish person. Because Fabian roughly knew most of the work that the Duke handled and so, he often came in contact with the Duke’s selfish aspect. The Duke did not consider the interests of the family. He only considered that it would be good for him if the power and wealth of the family increased.

The two points seemed similar but were subtly different. If a problem arose that could not be solved at all in the family, the Duke would never sacrifice himself and would abandon the family without any hesitation. That person whose egoism was like a crystal was now changing with another person at the center.

Fabian was just being cautious of the changes in his master. After all, the trigger was a woman. The variable called a woman was too uncertain. He hadn’t seen many cases where a man that was completely charmed by a woman ended up with a good outcome. Even more so if it was a man who had a lot of influential or financial power.

Fabian could not share his worry with Jerome. It was obvious that he(Jerome) would go wild if he was told. Fabian then grumbled in a deliberately joking tone.

“At this rate, he will be chasing the madam around.” (Fabian)

‘That could really happen,’ Jerome thought but quickly realized that it was disrespectful to his master and quickly chased the thought away. And from the standpoint of a loyal and devoted butler, he rebuked Fabian’s impetuous remark.

While Fabian was being tormented at the mansion, the carriage carrying the ducal couple arrived at the Count of Jordan’s residence. As soon as it passed the open iron gates, the carriage stopped in front of the mansion.

Carriages of the attendees were arriving in succession to be in time for the party and there were many carriages that had already arrived. The noblewomen getting off their carriages all stopped at the appearance of the Duke of Taran’s carriage and focused their gazes on it.

Their eyes were full of curiosity. The door of the carriage opened and person that came out was not the anticipated Duchess. A tall man came down first. The woman began to whisper as they watched the black-haired man reach out into the carriage.

“That is the Duke of Taran, is it not?”

“It really is. Why is the Duke of Taran here?”

From inside the carriage, a hand wearing a white lace glove took the outstretched hand of the Duke of Taran and the appearance was slowly revealed. A lady wearing an ivory dress and a shawl embroidered with lace on her shoulder, came down from the carriage.

The obvious difference in physique between the man holding her hand and the woman coming out of the carriage made her slender frame stand out.

The woman gave a gracious smile and said something to the Duke and, unbelievably, the Duke of Taran gave a gentle smile in return. His attitude of holding the woman’s hand and kissing the back of her hand was filled with affection. They said something to each other and he kissed the cheeks of the woman. And again, they talked about something. It was the look of a lover that was reluctant to separate. Rather than the women, the reluctance was dripping from the man.

Eventually, the Duke of Taran entered the carriage and a servant closed the door. The woman turned and made her way into the mansion. The carriage stayed until the woman’s figure could no longer be seen, then it departed from the Count’s residence. The noblewoman were rooted to their feet and watched the entire scene from beginning to end with their mouths open.

Lucia glanced at the noblewoman who were standing there absentmindedly and went inside the mansion, brushing it off her mind. If they had approached Lucia and talked to her, she would have responded but since they were standing like they were frozen, it seemed like they were waiting for someone to come.

“Are my eyes deceiving me? Don’t tell me...one escorted the Duchess all the way here?”

It wasn’t someone else but the Duke of Taran? The following sentence was omitted but they all understood.

“...It also seemed like that to me.”

Someone replied to the question. It was the first time that they were seeing a husband escorting their wife to a tea party venue. There was no law saying it couldn’t be done but it wasn’t something that anyone did. Moreover, it was something done by the Duke of Taran. A short sigh could be heard from here and there, for reasons unknown.

One of the noblewomen promptly quickened her steps and went into the mansion quickly. Then someone else followed, and soon everyone was rushing to go inside. The shocking emergence of Duchess of Taran was more important than gossiping.

The noblewomen bundled inside and only the woman standing at the back of the group was left.

Looking in the direction of the carriage’s departure, Sofia’s eyes shook greatly. She could not believe the sight she had just witnessed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 [part 1] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Duchess Vivian — > (2)

TN: I scheduled a blank post and it went up. Wasn’t trolling or anything of the like. This chapter shall be 2 parts~ I suppose we can say it evens out the shortness of the side-story

Lucia first gave her greetings to the host of the party, the Countess of Jordan.

“Thank you for the invitation, Countess.”

“Thank you for coming. It is really an honor to meet the Duchess. Your beauty puts the rumors to shame.”

The Countess of Jordan was showing an extremely cautious attitude. From the Duchess, she could feel an aura that was somewhat difficult to approach. It was not the feeling of a young lady who was not yet 20 years old like the Countess had expected.

Lucia responded with a smile. Today as well, Antoine had worked hard from early in the morning. According to Antoine, today’s focus was ‘elegance’ and ‘dignity’. As it was her first engagement in social activities as the Duchess and as the one with the highest status, Antoine insisted that she should put pressure on the talkative women.

[Facial expressions are important. You should all kneel before me! That kind of expression.]

Lucia didn’t know much she had laughed as she practiced her expression according to Antoine’s demand. The color of her garments and makeup were ivory and gold. As Antoine had said, the Lucia in the mirror looked haughty and aloof. It was flashy but the image of heavy gold emphasized the dignified gracefulness.

The tea party took place in the yard which could be assessed from going into the mansion and leaving through the back. To set up the venue, posts were set on the field and a wide awning was placed on them to block the sunlight. It was a fairly large venue and a well-kept garden could be seen at one glance.

In a case like today’s, where the number of people were too high to be seated in one place, people would be sat at different tables. There were usually several tables that could seat 5-6 people and the organizer would move from table to table at regular intervals, to talk with the attendees.

Peculiarly, the Countess of Jordan placed a large table that could seat ten people in the middle and the rest of the tables could seat five. The seat of the Duchess was on the table meant for 10 people. Except for the Duchess and the Countess of Jordan, the owners of the other eight seats negotiated under-the-table to be able to seat there today.

The maids busily moved from table to table. The women at tables began to simply introduce themselves to one another. The party venue with dozens of people soon went into a flurry of activity with the voices of people.

“I am Sofia Alvin. The Count of Alvin is my husband.”

Lucia’s eyes shook slightly. It wasn’t just because Sofia was his past woman. Although she was a little surprised when she discovered Sofia, she kept her composure. Lucia was surprised for different reason.

‘Alvin? She got married to the Count of Alvin?’

In her dream, Sofia was a Marchioness(Marquis’ wife). And the noble house of Count Alvin was where Lucia had worked as a maid. While she had worked there, the madam of the House was not Sofia.

‘It’s...different.’

The future had changed.

‘Yes. Perhaps it is only natural. I changed my future. The him now would have been unmarried. But I married him. At this time, I would have been in the detached palace.’

Because Lucia married him, her future had stepped in an unpredictable direction. And his future was also the same. It was very possible to influence the future of a person who was even a little bit involved with the two of them.

Lucia had unexpectedly met the Sofia who had now become the Countess of Alvin but her heart did not fluctuate at all. Sofia was a past woman of her husband and he had ended it with her before their marriage. Moreover, hadn’t she witnessed the scene of Sofia getting cut off so coldly? There was no reason for her to worry.

However, this situation was not natural. There was no one named Sofia on the list of attendees sent by the Countess of Jordan, much less listed as the Countess of Alvin. The list of attendees usually changed frequently. Even if one couldn’t argue about that, there was no way a well-known socialite like the Countess of Jordan would not know the rumors about the past of Sofia and the Duke of Taran.

They were intentionally arranged to seat at the same table. Women’s seating arrangement was a sensitive issue. It there was a woman that one didn’t see eye-to-eye with, one would not attend the party at all. If people on bad terms sat at the same table, it was a great disaster.

So, in a world like the capital’s high society where human relationships were complex, parties could not be open to anyone. One had to have an understanding on the relationships between people.

Lucia turned to look at the Countess of Jordan when Sofia introduced herself. The Countess flinched when their eyes met and averted her gaze. Lucia smiled a slightly cold smile. It was a typical high societal approach to induce a situation and see a person’s reactions in order to grasp their personality.

Lucia would not have noticed if she did not know the habitual practice of the high society or know about Sofia. This was a ritual ceremony for the first appearance of the Duchess on the social stage. If Lucia had openly expressed displeasure, showed a sensitive reaction, or ignorantly acted friendly with Sofia, she would have become an great spectacle for the noblewomen that were here today.

They could not be held responsible if she understood the situation too late and was uncomfortable later on. That was the rule. Lucia recalled the time when she first made her debut in high society as the Countess of Matin. At the time, she received a series of embarrassing questions and suffered a loss of face as she was unable to answer.

‘Compared to the questions, this ritual is cuter.’

She hadn’t even known that her seating placement was a test. Even though others were laughing at her from behind, she was the only one that didn’t know. After a considerable amount of time passed, the case itself would fade over so one wouldn’t even know about the case forever.

It was difficult for a novice making their first debut in society to notice subtle problems such as seating arrangement. It was likely that the Countess of Jordan had thought that Lucia would not notice. Since Lucia had sent her a meaningful look, she would be sweating inside.

Lucia did not know much about this issue just from her experience as the Countess of Matin. This was because she didn’t have any experience of personally throwing a party. It was something that she learnt later on while working as a maid and watching her madam have a headache over the seating arrangements as she hosted several parties.

Lucia took her place today, believing in the public reception of the Countess of Jordan. Even when Lucia received a letter asking for her understanding about the tea party’s sudden increase in scale, she had sent back word that it was fine. In her own way, Lucia had shown goodwill to the Countess of Jordan. However, the Countess did not take Lucia’s hand.

‘Is it that one weighed between the Count of Alvin and the Duke of Taran and chose the Count of Alvin?’

Lucia had heard that the Countess of Jordan hated disturbances. Rather than saying that one deliberately induced the situation, one had just accepted the request of the Countess of Alvin. Even if a problem arose, responsibility would be left to the Countess of Alvin. After all, the Countess had only accepted the request of an attendee. And all was fine as long as she maintained that she was ignorant of the rumor. There were many ways for the Countess to save herself.

The Duke of Taran’s political power was close but had not yet fully come to power. The Count of Alvin was an acknowledged economic giant. Money was more stable than power. It was a matter of one’s own choices. There was no grudge. However in the future, the Countess of Jordan would never become a friend.

Lucia wondered what Sofia’s intention was to attend a party that was originally unscheduled and to request a seat at the same table.

‘Is she curious about the woman that is married to her old flame?’

Regardless, this was not wise. If Lucia were harbor a huge grudge over this incident, it would be harmful to the Countess of Alvin. The social matters of women were a problem for women but reality did not necessarily conform to the norm. Mixing up the lines between public and private affairs was a very commonplace error.

“Countess of Alvin is as pretty as ever. I have often heard rumors praising Countess’ beauty. I have heard other rumors as well but I believe you all understand what I mean without saying it.”

Lucia mixed in the common pleasantries that praised one’s appearance and conveyed that she already knew about the rumors and she did not care. There was no one among the seated noblewomen that did not understand the meaning of her words. Everyone briefly displayed strange expressions and little bursts of laughter could be heard here and there.

“You flatter me.”

Sofia’s voice trembled slightly as she replied.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 71 [part 2] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

In order to survive in the bloody social world that was no different from the wild, it was necessary to have a discerning gaze and grasp the trends. The minds of the noblewomen quickly leaned towards the Duchess.

The Duchess who had begun social activities for the first time was not a princess that knew nothing about the world, nor was she a hollow container called a Duchess.

Without raising her voice and without changing her expression, she easily brushed off the past woman of her husband. It was not the composure of the 19 year old young lady who hadn’t been married for long. There had been a common curiosity in the minds of all the women who had attended the party today.

‘Let’s see how beautiful she is.’

But now, there were almost no women who cared about that. The Duchess was not as beautiful as the rumors depicted but one couldn’t say she was ugly. If she turned out to be barely beautiful, they would have said, ‘psh, as expected of a rumor’ and laughed it off but the reception of the Duchess’ beauty varied from person to person. Some were indecisive while some thought it matched the rumors. Either ways, their impression was favorable.

Not all women could have the latest standard of beauty which was a glamorous body and luxurious features. Ordinary women envied beauty and couldn’t help but feel a sense of loss. But the appearance and atmosphere of the Duchess made them think, ‘what if I try doing it this way?’. The dresses with different styles from the current fashion suddenly seemed elegant.

The women seated at the same table as Lucia were people with a line of connections in high society. They had considerable influence but it was not lopsided and their influences were about the same. It was very important to them how good their connection was. They were very skillful and naturally transformed into followers of the Duchess.

The atmosphere was harmonious. The noblewomen diligently chattered away, providing a topic of conversation for the Duchess and continued to make the Duchess the center of the conversation.

Lucia only had to listen to their conversations and give an appropriate answer to their questions. With just that alone, Lucia was the center of the table. It felt like she had become a queen. As she entertained her position, Lucia made sure to stay away from becoming too drunk on the atmosphere.

If one got carried away by the atmosphere in high society, one could disgrace themselves. Lucia had seen people compromise themselves in that way several times. It was very clear from the outside but if one had narrow sight, one couldn’t see it.

If Lucia was of high repute in the social circle and made a mistake, the people would overlook it but she had only just begun. It was better to be careful and even more careful.

“I heard a rumor from somewhere. Apparently, His Grace the Duke purchased all the jewelry on display at a jeweler’s for the Duchess.”

“Ah. I heard that as well. It was Sepia Jewelry.”

“Is the necklace Duchess is wearing also from Sepia Jewelry?”

Lucia nodded slightly and gave a smile. The women interpreted that as a positive answer that the Duke had swept the display of jewelry clean. Lucia’s necklace was evidence in of itself. The women who were somewhat doubtful of the rumor whispered amongst themselves saying, ‘wow, it’s really true.’

“And earlier, I saw His Grace the Duke escort the Duchess all the way here.”

“I also saw that.”

“Oh my. Really?”

The woman who had witnessed the scene nodded and the woman who had discovered a new fact showed amazement and regret that she was not there to witness the rare sight.

What is all this about? Lucia was puzzled when she was met with the gazes of the noblewomen that was filled with curiosity. She didn’t know that this would become the focus of attention.

At the time, when he said that he would see her off, she had thought he didn’t have to go that far but she didn’t go out of her way to refuse. He said he would casually escort her there and because Jerome didn’t say anything, she assumed it wouldn’t matter too much. She reasoned that it was similar to the case where men escorted women to balls.

The noblewomen were more amazed at the point that the man was the Duke of Taran rather than the fact that a man escorted her.

“He was quite worried because I was going to my first tea party. He pays a lot of attention to things that are ordinarily meticulous.” (Lucia)(1)

The noblewomen responded dramatically to Lucia’s simple reply.

“How affectionate.”

“How romantic.”

Chattering came from all over the place. The women who had personally seen the scene earlier did not think that the Duke escorting was the Duchess was simple. Like Queen Beth, they realized that the ‘beauty of the century’ part of the rumor was not important and ‘the Duke was smitten’ part was the core.

At the table, Sofia was isolated and alone by herself. There was no one who gave Sofia a glance as she sat down with her mouth shut. Sofia looked at the women who were trying to squeeze in a word in order to catch the Duchess’ eye.

Not long ago, Sofia was the woman that was sucked up to. They flatteringly called her Countess, Countess but in an instant, they changed their attitude. Even though Sofia knew well that it was the way the high society worked, it left a bitter taste in her mouth.

It was not the betrayal of the noblewomen that annoyed Sofia. She had replayed the scene from earlier more than a dozen times in her head. The Duke of Taran looked at the Duchess with a warm and affectionate gaze as he kissed her cheek and held her hand. Their skinship was natural. A devastating sense of misery and defeat took hold of Sofia.

‘He...has never looked at me with such eyes.’

The Duke of Taran did not attend most parties unless it was necessary. Sofia had only attended parties as his partner a couple of times. They always met in the bedroom and when she woke up in the morning, he was never there. When she asked for a gift, it would quickly land in her hands but it was always through a messenger. He had never given it himself. His expression was always cold and he seldom truly smiled. However, Sofia liked his dazzling cold red eyes looking at her. She also liked his blunt and cold appearance. She liked everything.

He was a man that could look at a woman with such a passionate gaze. He was a man that could give a woman such a warm smile. The Duchess was not as beautiful as the rumors said but she was brimming with confidence as a woman who was loved.

Compared to the confident Duchess, Sofia felt very pathetic. Her heart hurt like it was being squeezed. As the subject of the Duke escorting the Duchess became the topic of conversation and the women fussed dramatically, something suddenly rose up from deep within Sofia. The ill desire to see the Duchess’ composed expression get shaken.

“He is a more affectionate person than he is known for. When we met a while ago, he was just as before.”

The moment Sofia opened her mouth, the atmosphere froze. The noblewomen could not open their mouth in the cold atmosphere so they lowered their voices and whispered irritatedly amongst themselves.

“What is up with her?”

“Tell me about it. Even when one is quiet, one gets attacked.”

Lucia’s gaze froze over. Sofia’s intention to humiliate her by sitting at the same table was shameful but Lucia tried to let it pass. She tried to understand it as the lingering regret of a harshly dumped woman. The scene of Sofia being cruelly rejected by him had planted a seed of compassion in Lucia’s mind. However, Sofia was crossing the line.

No matter how generous the society was to an affair, it did not approve of putting it out in public. Even if the whole world knew, one had to shut their mouth. For the nobility, face was a serious matter and it was as valuable as their life. The act of mentioning a private affair in front of the spouse concerned was a foolish action that had no excuse.

“I know my husband’s schedule but seeing as he is extremely busy with official duties, I do not know when he could have had the time.”

Lucia did not believe Sofia words. She had faith in him and looking at it objectively, he had no time to. The noblewomen looked at Sofia, their gazes saying, ‘it seems to be a lie...’ and Sofia’s face burned in response.

“We met when I went into the palace.” (Sofia)

“Then, it is not ‘meeting’ but ‘greeting’. Be careful with your choice of words, Countess.” (Lucia)

Sofia flushed intensely. She opened her mouth as though to say something but eventually kept her mouth shut and lowered her head. Seeing this, the noblewomen clicked their tongues. Nobles hated wretchedness and messiness. As a noble, Sofia’s attitude was very dirty and messy.

“Ah, come to think of it, last time...”

When someone began to talk, the mood became relaxed again. Sofia was left sitting alone and biting her lips. Before, the noblewomen were occupied with focusing on the new main character so they did not pay any attention to Sofia but now their gazes were critical of Sofia.

There were quite a lot of women who could only seethe inwardly about their husband’s women problems. Men having an affair was more common than women. Even if they acted composed on the outside, they were displeased on the inside. Sofia’s attitude of mentioning an old relationship was unpleasant to the eye.

“Countess of Jordan. You have stayed here for too long. You have to fulfil your duty as the host.” (Lucia)

The Countess of Jordan had not realized that she had stayed at Lucia’s table from the beginning of the tea party till now. When Lucia pointed it out, her face reddened and she stood up. The Countess of Jordan had an uneasy expression throughout. Some noblewomen looked at the Countess of Jordan with gazes saturated with accusation. It was the women who had been hurt before by the Countess of Jordan who pretended to be a good person but only cared for her benefits.

It was drawing to the end of the tea party. At appropriate intervals, maids served tea and snacks, a total of three times. And when the last snack was served, it was a sign that the tea party was over.

After Lucia tasted the last cake, she placed her fork down and stood up. As though it were a signal, people began to stand up all over the place. Rather than discussing among themselves, the other tables kept looking at Lucia’s table with interest and envy.

“Next time, you have to come to my tea party, Duchess.”

“When do you plan to have another activity?”

The women flocked around Lucia.

“Duchess.”

One voice conspicuously interrupted them. Lucia turned towards the voice. It was Sofia.

“It was an honor to meet you today. I hope I have the chance to meet you again next time.” (Sofia)

“I’m not sure. Would it not be better for us to part and not see each other?” (Lucia)

A couple of the noblewomen giggled. Sofia clutched her bag tighter. She pulled out a handkerchief from her bag and held it out to Lucia. It was a silk handkerchief that men usually carried.

“When we met last time, His Grace the Duke gave me this as comfort for my tears. I was looking for an opportunity to return it but I do not know when we will meet again so I would like for Duchess to convey my gratitude along with it.”

The noblewomen nervously alternated glances between the Duchess and the Countess. At some point, it had gotten really quiet.

Lucia knew as soon as she saw the handkerchief.

‘She is lying.’

Hugo was not a gentleman that would give a handkerchief to a crying woman because they had a relationship in the past for a while. If he was such a man, he would not have been able to shake the woman off by threatening to kill her on the day of the victory party.

Was it arrogance? Or was it spite? Lucia couldn’t tell what was in Sofia’s mind but she felt that the woman was truly foolish. And at the same time, it occurred to her that Sofia did not know him that well. Oddly, it was a good feeling.

Lucia took the handkerchief and carelessly looked it over then she locked eyes with Sofia and let it drop to the floor. Lucia spoke coolly as she watched Sofia’s eyes widen slightly.

“Countess. You are looking down on me with your lies. This is not an item of his.”

Sofia’s eyes quivered intensely.

“A wife will naturally know about her husband’s handkerchief. Isn’t that right, everyone?” (Lucia)

For the nobility, servants were entirely responsibility for waiting on them. One did not start taking care of their husband’s clothes or handkerchiefs because one became a wife. So, of course, the noblewomen did not know what kind of handkerchief their husbands carried. Nevertheless, the noblewomen hid their momentary embarrassment and began to reply in succession.

“Of course. Naturally.”

“That is a matter of course. How could one not know their husban’s handkerchief?”

Lucia also did not know what kind of handkerchief he went around with. But she was sure that the handkerchief Sofia had, was not his.

“Countess’ actions have crossed the line that I can tolerate. I will not simply overlook this incident today.”

Sofia turned white. She finally realized the stupidity of her actions. She was blinded by jealousy and envy and was not in her right senses. The faces of her family: her husband, her parents and her brothers, came to mind.

Even if her husband, the Count of Alvin, could not be dealt with easily, her father, the Baron of Lawrence was powerless. If the Duke were to step on him, he could only crumble like an ant. Her husband would protect her but he would not protect her family at the risk of damage.

“Du-Duchess. Please forgive me. I was foolish...”

Sofia quickly sank to her knees. Lucia’s eyes were cold as she looked at Sofia below. Sofia’s shoulders heaved as she sobbed but Lucia was unable to feel any emotion. It was repulsive conduct to make a mess all over the place and try to fix it with tears. The fact that Sofia tried to publically disgrace her was not the problem. Lucia had experience being disgraced many times in her dream so she was past the stage of getting hurt.

However, Sofia tried to break her trust in her husband. The trust that the two of them had to resolve between themselves, a third person tried to ruin it. Lucia could not forgive that.

“Go home and pull yourself together. I hope I do not see you in the social circle for the time being. Think for yourself as to what extent is ‘for the time being’. Think about it very carefully.”

Lucia indifferently turned around and left the party venue. Some of the noblewomen remained, clicking their tongue as they watched Sofia who was still crying on the floor but the majority of them rushed to follow after the Duchess.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 [part 1] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

“ Gong. You see, my adjutant and I made a bet.”

‘Here we go again.’ Hugo thought. Once in a while, Kwiz went on about nonsense.

“It was a bet as to whether or not Gong carries a handkerchief.”

Hugo listened silently with an attitude that was close to disregard but Kwiz was unyielding.

“Knights do not usually carry their handkerchiefs around. But, I mean, Gong is in a grey area. So, I picked that Gong does not carry it around while my adjutant picked that Gong does carry it around.”

“What is being bet?”

“If I lose, I will no longer use a phrase that I often use.”

Kwiz had a nasty tongue. It was a fact that all his close aides knew. Because Kwiz was ascending the throne and becoming the lord of the country, the adjutant wanted him to fix his manner of speaking so he wouldn’t lose face. Until now, no matter what his adjutant said, Kwiz ignored it but as the frequency of nagging increased, it became quite annoying. Then Kwiz got a good idea.

[Make a bet with me. We’ll bet one word at a time.]

Rule 1: The content of the bet will be done according to what comes to the mind at that particular moment. Kwiz and the adjutant could take turns in suggesting the content of the bet.

Rule 2: If the adjutant won, Kwiz could not use the inappropriate expression that was being bet afterwards.

Rule 3: In the event of Rule 2 violation, the bet would be deemed as a loss.

Rule 4: If Kwiz won, he could recover an expression that he had been banned from using.

After making a very useless and specific set of rules, Kwiz began the betting game. It was an endless path of repetitions but with the thought that at least something was being done, the adjutant accepted it.

So far, they had made one bet and Kwiz had lost. As a result, Kwiz was blocked from using the expression, ‘fuck’.

The Duke of Taran’s handkerchief was the second bet. For this bet, the expression ‘dead old man’ that Kwiz used to refer to the late King was chosen. If Kwiz lost his time, he would have to solemnly refer to the dead old man as the ‘late king’.

“So Gong. Tell me. Do you carry a handkerchief around?” (Kwiz)

Hugo alternated glances between Kwiz who had a twinkling gaze like he was facing the problem of a lifetime, and the adjutant whose expression was full of pleas.

Was such a relaxed atmosphere really okay? Hugo was feeling doubtful. For a very short moment, he wondered if he had made a good choice in holding hands with the king.

“I do.”

Kwiz was shocked and the adjutant silently cheered. With one word, Hugo dropped one in heaven and the other in hell but his expression was indifferent.

“No way! There’s no way Gong carries around that kind of thing!”

If the bet had been a little while back, the winner of the bet would have been Kwiz. Hugo didn’t used to carry around a handkerchief. If the need for one ever came up, he could just order someone to clean it up. But it had been quite a while since hebegan to carry a handkerchief.

“I won’t lie for such things.” (Hugo)

“How can this be.”

Kwiz lamented in regret. His scheme of recovering the lost expression ‘fuck’ by winning this bet was fruitless, rather now, he had to refer to that damned old man as the ‘late king’.

“Alright then, show me. Right now.” (Kwiz)

Hugo furrowed his brows slightly but eventually, he gave a small sigh and withdrew his handkerchief from his bosom then he placed it onto the table.

Kwiz’s eyes widened when he saw the snow-white handkerchief and he picked it up. Its rough texture was cotton and it had a flower embroidered at the corner. Noblemen usually carried dark silk handkerchiefs.

“... Gong . Your taste is quite unique?”

Cotton handkerchiefs were normally used by children. But Hugo did not shrink in the slightest. On the contrary, he look dignified.

“A handkerchief is for wiping dirt. There is nothing as good at performing its intended function like a cotton handkerchief.”

‘Is he teaching me the function of a handkerchief?’ Kwiz wondered as he mulled over Hugo’s words and intention. Kwiz figured out the subtle meaning behind the cotton handkerchief and looked at the handkerchief with new eyes. Moreover, since the Duke appeared so dignified, the handkerchief did not seem that bad the more one looked at it.

The handkerchief was nice to the touch, its white color was spotless and the flower at the corner had its own charm. The embroidered flowers was not sewn elaborately so Kwiz had a hunch. From what he could tell, it didn’t seem like the work of an expert but an embroidery of the Duchess. The thought that it was made by his younger sister whose face he hadn’t yet seen made him want to have it.

“Hmm. After listening to Gong , it does seem that way. Then, give me this.”

“...Pardon?”

Hugo could not snatch it away from the King who had put it in his pocket.

Wasn’t it just a handkerchief ?

Of course, to Hugo, it was not just a handkerchief. He didn’t carry it around to use but as a kind of charm.

One day, his wife cut out pieces of white cotton and began to make handkerchiefs herself. She would either make time or use her spare time to embroider the corner of the handkerchief. Like that, when she made a bunch, she would sent it to Damian every few months.

A white cotton handkerchief with a flower embroidered at the corner.

Anyone could tell it was an item for a child. But Hugo wanted to have it.

Because it was embarrassing to suddenly say that he wanted to have cotton handkerchief with an embroidered flower, he helped himself to some. It would have been better if he declared it confidently. But because he had done it in an impulse of a moment, he was unable say anything even more. The few handkerchiefs that Hugo took were stored deep in his office drawer.

After some time, she changed the embroidery to Damian’s name, stating that flowers were not suitable for boys. No matter how much Hugo liked her handmade articles, he did not want to carry around a handkerchief that had the boy’s name.

The handkerchiefs with flower embroidery were limited first edition items that could not be obtained presently. Only a few existed but one was just snatched away.

Hugo’s mood instantly plummeted. Today, of all days, he certainly did not want to see the king’s shameless face.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 72 [part 2] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia felt deeply exhausted as soon as she got home. Once she entered the house, her tension quickly evaporated. Even if she had experienced it in her dream, in this lifetime, it was her first activity and first stage.

Having to maintaining her expression while being under people’s scrutiny required considerable effort. In addition, perhaps because Sophia had gotten on her nerves, her body felt exhausted as if she had done hard labor. She took an early dinner and retired to bed early.

Today, Hugo returned home past dinner time but it was not that late. When he saw that she hadn’t come to greet him, he searched for her with his eyes. Without being asked, Jerome gave an answer.

“Milady retired to bed early. She seemed to be tired from the outing today.”

When Hugo frowned, Jerome added.

“Milady made no mention of being troubled. She said there was no need for a doctor and that the tea party was pleasant.”

Hugo quickly went up to her bedroom. He entered the bedroom and sat on the bed, looking at her quietly sleeping figure. After a while, he reached out to smoothen her disheveled hair that was sprawled out on the pillow.

“...Hugh? Are you back?”

Her eyes flickered and opened. As she was half-asleep, her voice sounded indistinct and muddled.

“I didn’t mean to wake you up. Go back to sleep.”

The sound of his low reverberating voice was nice. Lucia smiled and as if stretching, she lifted up her arms to reach for him. Hugo smiled and lowered his body. Her slender arms wrapped around his neck. Hugo placed hand on her back to support her. He could feel her warm temperature coming from beneath her thin nightwear. He wrapped one arm around her waist, lifting her up and taking her into his embrace. Her fragrant scent tickled his nose. Hugo felt his heart squeeze with wicked thoughts and closed his eyes.

“Do you feel ill somewhere?” (Hugo)

“No. I was just a little tired. I think I was tensed up because I was meeting a lot of people after a long time.”

“How was the tea party?”

“It was like a tea party.”

Hugo pulled her away from him and met her eyes.

“That’s it?”

“Apart from that, what else is there? I am the Duchess. They were all being careful of my mood.”

Lucia had no intention of telling him about the incident with Sofia. Sofia’s actions were completely because of her lingering attachment and obsession. It is not his fault. He had already closed that chapter before their marriage. Although the way he broke it off wasn’t sweet, did it make sense to be tender when it came to the separation between a man and woman? It was better to cut it off completely rather than give room for doubts.

Since she had given Sofia a warning, she planned to wait and see. If Sofia stayed quiet, Lucia planned to leave it at that but if the woman showed herself on the social stage, she would not overlooked it.

Lucia was the Duchess. If she ordered it, it would be a walk in the park to make her followers, who were dying to get into her good graces, to act. There would be no need for Lucia to get her hands dirty. As long as she gave them a glance, it was a simple thing for them to humiliate Sofia and make sure she couldn’t show her face in the social circles again.

The world of the high society did not respect, nor did it tolerate, forgiveness and generosity. One would be ridiculed as a fool who could not even protect their own authority. No matter how high one’s position was, if you showed weakness of the mind, there was an overflowing amount of people that would sponge off you with sparkling eyes. Even if being vicious would hurt one’s prestige, one should not let everything pass over nicely. Lucia did not want to dominate the social circles but she had no intention of looking like an easy target to anyone.

“That’s good to hear. Nothing much happened?”

“Yes. What of you? How was today?”

Hugo was depressed for a moment when he remembered his handkerchief that was taken.

“It was the same as always.”

“But, do you know how many questions I received over you escorting me today? I didn’t know it’s not supposed to be done.”

Hugo’s eyebrows jumped.

“Who says it’s not?”

“Nobody does it. That’s practically the same thing.”

“If I do it then it’s done from now on.”

Lucia looked at him with the side of her eyes. There he goes again. In any case, his unreasonableness and pride could not be stopped.

“I don’t want to next time. I don’t want to become a spectacle.”

“...Why are you so concerned about other people’s gazes?”

“You are just overly unconcerned.”

When he remained silent and just watched her, Lucia’s eyes widened slightly. He suddenly tightened his hold on her and covered her lips with his. He bit her tender lips lightly and wove his tongue into her mouth. Feeling his soft tongue moving around in her mouth, her fingers began throbbed. Lucia tightened her arms around his neck and loosely clenched her fists. The kiss was sweet without any fierceness.

Hugo pulled away from her lips and kissed the side of her mouth. Then he lay her back down on the bed.

“Go to bed. Your eyes are full of sleep. I’ll go and get some work done overnight.”

“Is there a lot of work?”

“Instead of lying next to you and spending a sleepless night, I am going to get some work done.”

“...you. Do you only think of that every day?”

“Of course.”

Lucia looked at him in disbelief then burst into laughter.

* * *

Hugo looked through the list of participants for the tea party that Lucia had attended today. Fabian inwardly grumbled at having to come into the ducal residence late at night with documents but on the outside, his expression was earnest.

Even though Fabian sometimes held his ground against the Duke, he had never forgotten that fundamentally, the Duke was a scary person. Unless it was absolutely necessary, Fabian would never do or say anything that would offend the Duke.

Hugo had light-heartedly asked Fabian to bring the list of today’s attendees. In the future, she would attend parties more often and it was impossible for him to individually check who attended every time. He was going to look through it this time because today was her first gathering.

As Hugo took a rough look over the list of participants, his eyes twitched slightly.

‘Fuck.’

A word that Kwiz often used automatically popped up in his head. The ‘Countess of Alvin’ was very boldly printed on the list. Hugo hoped that he had misread so he checked it over a few more times but there was no doubt. Hugo suddenly began to sweat.

“This tea party. Find out exactly what happened during this party.” (Hugo)

Work has increased again. ‘Hu-hu’ Fabian lamented inwardly.

“When do you want it?” (Fabian)

“As soon as possible.”

Hugo’s voice was dark.

At times like this, one must unconditionally crawl . Fabian answered in a reliable manner.

“Understood. I will focus all manpower on it and take care of it.”

A few days later, Hugo received a report. A portion of maids that waited on the party attendees were bought off and the situation at the time was recreated as much as possible. Some of it was the pretty useless prattle of women and the amount was fairly thick but Hugo read through it with patience. When he finished reading everything, his sentiment was simple:

‘I’m in trouble.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 [part 1] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

His wife handled it well but she had almost gotten humiliated at her first social stage. Because of her husband’s past woman.

‘Why didn’t she tell me?’

She had the right to blame him and get angry at him. However, she didn’t mention it on the day it happened and even until now, she hadn’t mentioned it. That was even scarier. It was impossible to know if her mind had already turned away from him and he was not even worth questioning. Hugo didn’t understand why the situation kept turning terrible.

Still, he thought that his effort these days had made her slightly more yielding. Her attitude toward him was intimate and she smiled more. Because her boisterous and incessantly joyful appearance was beautiful to see, his mood lately was elated, like he was stepping on clouds.

However, at the thought of her becoming an ice witch again, his mood immediately plummeted. He was struck with sense of shame and groaned.

‘It was really just a momentary greeting in the palace.’

Hugo felt wronged. He was always in the strong position. He had never actually felt the mortified feeling of the weak. Even as a child mercenary slave, he hid his resentment and sharpened his knife at the back, so he didn’t know what it meant to feel wronged and stifled inside. She was teaching him a variety of emotions.

‘I won’t even greet next time. I’ll just act like I don’t know anything.’

When he read the part where she reproachfully said, ‘I know what my husband’s handkerchief is,’ his chest felt prickly. He wondered if his wife had already known that he took the Damian’s handkerchief and just pretended not to know. It was an awkward thought but that sort of thing didn’t matter.

Hugo had thick skin. There was no problem if a father took a little bit of his son’s thing. The extent to which he could justify himself was very far-reaching.

What Hugo was worried about was whether or not she was disappointed in him. When he thought of their passionate nights these past few days, he was struck with hope.

She might not be angry. He hadn’t felt any particular sense of distance. Maybe she regarded the incident at the tea party as a trivial matter and forgot about it. But she was a cruel woman who kept her heart shut to him but allowed him to spend passionate nights with her.

Hugo’s melancholy gradually changed into anger. In this entire situation, there was definitely a ringleader. His anger towards them was ignited and gradually flared up.

‘Count Jordan. Count Alvin.’

Hugo tapped his fingers on the table.

What had these men done wrong? Such rational thoughts did not cross the current Hugo’s mind.

He was mulling over how to punish them. Right now, Hugo had no justification to the touch the Count of Jordan. So, he decided to put it aside for now. He would never forget it. It was simply recorded on his waiting list.

Hugo did not do things like intentionally making up an incident that never happened in order to punish another. In his own way, he found that sort of means cowardly.

However, once he found something that he could pick on, he bit down tenaciously. In the eyes of others, there was no difference between the two methods but Hugo didn’t care about what other people thought. To him, he only had to be unashamed to himself.

Moving onto the Count of Alvin, he was a more difficult target. Although Hugo could crush him if he made up his mind, the Count had sprinkled money all over the place. If he was attacked rashly, there were many people that would rise to his defense. Getting rid of those people in addition would make the issue too big and Kwiz would not really like it.

A good idea flashed into Hugo mind.

‘I can just move him far away.’

If he couldn’t get rid of it, he couldn’t just keep it out of his sight. Hugo heard that the Count of Alvin had tried to enter the tea distribution business several times but failed. He would use that as bait and open a channel in the capital for some business reason. When a person is no longer in one’s sight, interest in them would also goes away. Sofia would naturally be forgotten.

Among the high-end businesses unofficially owned by the Taran family, there was a huge high-end business that only circulated tea on a large scale. Because a majority of its customers were nobles from other countries, it was active in other countries.

Once the Count of Alvin took the bait, he would not only be away from the capital, he would be away from Xenon for a considerable amount of time. In this sense, Hugo would be giving the Count of Alvin a business opportunity. It was not a punishment but a reward.

Hugo didn’t really like this fact but this method was cleaner than making the issue bigger. It was a good thing that the Count of Alvin had excellent business ability so it would only benefit his high-end business.

When Hugo was done thinking about how to handle the issue, his busy brain began to think of what would happen next but he stopped himself. Just because he planned to deal with them didn’t mean that the past did not happen.

‘Should I ask her about it?’

If he asked, what would she say? If she said she didn’t care about his past women, it would make him feel sour in a way. If she said that she was unhappy and didn’t trust him anymore, that was even worse.

In the past, Hugo never had to hold in words that he wanted to say but recently, he had had to worry about his words and keep them to himself. It piled and piled up and he was about to have an pent-up disorder.

While he was caught between a rock and a hard place, a good while passed and soon, ten days had gone by since the tea party took place. In the meantime, Lucia had attended more tea parties. This time, they were really small scale tea parties with an attendance of about ten people.

* * *

Today, Lucia was in a good mood because she had gotten a letter from Damian. During their evening walk, she had chattered in length about what Damian had been up to in the Academy. Although Hugo was already informed of everything in separate report, he acted interested and listened to her, currying to her mood. It was all to grab this particular chance.

“Vivian. I heard a rumor.”

Hugo sat on the bed and carefully asked Lucia who was sitting in front of the mirror on the dresser. Rumors of the incident at the tea party was now widely known throughout the social circle. The fact that afterwards, the Countess of Alvin had locked herself up at home added to the credibility of the rumor. Hugo did not say that he had investigated and simply spoke as though he had heard it from the rumor.

“Mm. Yes. There was such a thing.”

Lucia replied like it was nothing. It was as if Hugo’s worry all this time was for naught.

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“How can I tell you every trivial thing that happens in the social circle? It’s a women’s issue.”

“...Was it a trivial thing?”

He felt sour indeed.

“It was a trivial thing because I believed in you.”

Hugo’s sinking mood instantly revived.

“Since you know anyways, I will go ahead and ask. Can you tell me who your past women are?”

Hugo broke out in cold sweat.

“That...why?”

“Because I need to know who they are to take appropriate measures. I am not trying to find fault with you. Just as I said, it is necessary for me to know who they are.”

“...”

“Okay?”

“...Alright. I’ll tell Jerome.”

Hugo felt complicated. It wasn’t the worst outcome but it wasn’t a situation he was pleased with. She was so clean to the extent that it was heartless and her emotions did not leak out at all.

In the past, Hugo wished that women would be like her. However, his wife, whom he wished and pleaded would not be like that, was rigid without any gaps. He was the one who was pathetic and struggling to get a piece of his wife’s heart. No matter how much he climbed, he couldn’t see the end of the wall that surrounded her.

Hugo stood up and hugged Lucia from behind. He buried his head in her small shoulder.

“Vivian. I know nothing about this. I have never met that women in private.”

Believe me. Don’t be hurt by it. Don’t close your heart to me. Numerous entreaties swirled around in his head.

“I know. I trust you.”

A short word of trust. Hugo didn’t realize that a simple phrase would make him feel so relieved and reassured. The sense of relief instantly made his restless heart feel at ease. Would receiving trust from another person make his heart feel so complicated? No. It was because the trust was from his woman, not from any other person.

“...Really?” (Hugo)

“Of course. You promised me.”

“So...it isn’t that you didn’t tell me because you were angry but because you trusted me so you didn’t care?”

“Exactly.”

Hugo hugged her tighter, enjoying the feeling of her warmth in his arms. His heart warmed up. This feeling that sometimes felt hopeless and other times, somehow smarting but sweet. This feeling was happiness.

If he didn’t know about it then that was that but now, he couldn’t let go of this sweetness that he had already experienced. He was afraid that he would lose what he had gotten a hold of for the first time since his brother died.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 73 [part 2] - < — Duchess Vivian — > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

TN: Make sure you’re reading at rubymaybetranslations.com

The day of the coronation ceremony was bright. Following tradition, the coronation ceremony proceeded according to a very solemn customary practice and its participants were strictly restricted in an enclosed area. When the morning coronation ceremony was over, there was a big party to be held for three consecutive days, today included.

For today in particular, which was the first day, a light celebration party would be held from noon till dusk then from dusk till dawn, an excitement-filled ball would be held. The other two days were scheduled to have only a ball in the evening.

It was the first party to be held by the new owner of the country so the scale was enormous and the number of participants was also enormous. The number of delegations and aristocrats that came from other countries was nothing to sneeze at. When compared to the victory party that was held last year, the scale was about the same but the nobles participating in today’s event were qualitatively superior.

The nobles that were absent at the victory party because they disliked the squandering atmosphere would all be present for at least today’s party.

From early in the morning, Lucia’s mind was in a mess as she made her preparations. She had gone to a few tea parties in the meantime but from the looks of it, her state of mind had been light because the setting was light as well.

However, today was the first official party since the previous king’s death and this event was going to be Lucia’s official social debut. She could not help but become nervous. Antoine, who was almost an exclusive designer now, punctually brought her assistants early in the morning and dressed Lucia from head to toe.

For today’s event, Antoine designed a brand new dress with her heart and soul. The image Antoine was going for today was elegance and sensuality.

“Perfection. Duchess is really beautiful day after day.”

The dress was a pink tinged, pearl-gray dress with exquisitely sewn vibrant pearly pink beads. The neckline was wide so the shoulders were slightly revealed and the collarbone was conspicuous. The sleeve was narrow so it clung to the arm and as it went down the sleeve, it had folds that gave it a flair.

The base of the dress itself was double layered with lace but about 1/3 of the upper arm was made up of only lace so the skin beneath the lace could be seen. Overall, it was still a modest style. But, the twist was at the back.

The back of the dress was cut to boldly reveal half of the back. The shoulder blades were exposed and the shallow valley of the spine was conspicuous. The unblemished white skin at the back gave off a peculiar feeling. The back waist of the dress was raised to emphasize the rich folds of the hem. The thin waist was brought to the fore, giving the body an overall curvy silhouette.

Antoine looked with satisfaction at the result she had made with her hands. She felt the impulse to raise her hand to her lips and laugh ‘ohohoho’, like a witch in a child’s fairy tale book. It was worthwhile to design for the Duchess in that the designs always turned out as one imagined. The Duchess was the perfect muse that stimulated Antoine’s creativity.

Lucia was also satisfied. Antoine’s skill was improving day by day. The fact that she could make it give off a different atmosphere every time without any awkwardness was amazing. The design was alluring but not overly flashy and its somewhat innocent side was charming.

“Would you like to take a little walk? Please check if there is any inconvenience.”

Lucia took a few steps around. The feeling of the soft fabric clinging to her upper body was nice. The gorgeous lace shook flutteringly every time she moved. The numerous small diamonds embedded in the lace twinkled and shined. It was an expensive dress made with enormous material costs. Antoine had received a blank check from the Duke of Taran for the production of the coronation dress. Her artistic soul exploded.

“There is no inconvenience. The dress is very comfortable and beautiful.”

“I am glad you like it. You bring out the beauty of my work perfectly. It really suits you.”

Antoine’s flattery was filled with sincerity and Lucia smiled faintly. Even Lucia could see that there was nothing bad to say about herself today.

“Milady. It looks like Master will be a little late.”

A maid quickly came in and reported.

“Mm. So? Madame. Would you like some refreshments? I didn’t feel good about just sending away a hard worker and opportunely, there is some time on our hands. If you aren’t busy.”

“I will gladly accept. Thank you for having me.”

After the Duchess left the tea party, there was a flood of orders to Antoine’s boutique. The commissions for ‘Antoine’s boutique’ were accepted but all direct commissions were rejected. There would not be enough time to focus only on the Duchess.

Even though the main designer was not taking charge, the orders were still overflowing. Antoine was laughing all the way to the bank. She had earned well before but now, it seemed to be pouring out a river of gold.

While Lucia and Antoine were enjoying their tea time and whiling away time, Hugo was just entering the mansion. As soon as the coronation ended, he came back to the mansion to escort her.

Hugo was slightly upset. Because he was held back by people, he arrived later than the time they had scheduled for pick up. The person who became King was someone else so why were there so many dregs trying to hang onto him?

“Milady is waiting inside.”

At Jerome’s report, Hugo immediately went into the receiving room. Hugo saw her sitting there and as he watched her rise from the couch, he forgot to speak. He paused for a moment and fixed his eyes on her. Very slowly, His eyes swept over her, from top to bottom, unhurriedly examining her.

Beautiful. No. It couldn’t be expressed with a single word. His critical gaze lightly brushed past Antoine. The woman didn’t have to do her best to this extent.

‘Damn it. This means I have to show this to other people.”

When he thought of other men seeing her, he was filled with so much regret. There was no one that didn’t know the preciousness of life to dare to come onto a woman that was accompanied by her husband but, he was worried about the future where she would occasionally have to go to a ball by herself.

When they were in the north, it was good. In those days, at least he didn’t have to worry about tiger-like bastards. If he could, he wanted to forget the party, quit everything, grab her and take her to the bedroom.

She is mine.

His intense possessive desire treacherously overflowed. He was afraid she would run away if she saw the darkness in his eyes so he hid it with a soft smile.

“You look beautiful.”

Lucia’s expression flushed slightly and she gave a sweet smile.

“You look amazing too.”

He was dressed in a black tuxedo and looked absolutely splendid. Compared to women who wore colorful dresses like a peacock, men usually wore similar black tuxedos but the look that was brought alive differed according to body shape.

With his tall stature, broad shoulders and nimble body, the simple black tuxedo had transformed into the most attractive clothing in the word. Knowing his firm and rich muscles that was hidden beneath the suit, Lucia felt his attire was much more risqué.

Antoine watched the ducal couple with sparking eyes. The Duke couldn’t keep his eyes off his wife and his eyes were filled with tender affection. In the aristocratic world where marriage of convenience was rampant, it was hard to see a married couple that was filled with affection like this.

“Madame Antoine has worked hard.”

When the Duke of Taran’s gaze fell on her, Antoine bowed her waist.

“You’ve done a great job. Is there still more left to do?”

“No, Your Grace. Preparation is complete.”

Hugo escorted Lucia and climbed onto the carriage. Antoine and her assistants as well as the employees of the Ducal Household came out to see the ducal couple off. Each and every one of them were watching the ducal couple with joyful eyes. Meanwhile, Antoine was making new calculations in her head.

There is one concept that vanishes when it comes to a man that has fallen for a woman. It was precisely the financial sense.

Antoine firmly believed that the affection for the woman was in proportion to the money. In any case, the Duke of Taran seemed ready to spend any amount of money for his wife. Antoine’s eyes shone in determination to get all that money in her skirt.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 [part 1] - < — Meeting People — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

The three day ball that would start from the evening of today, was to be held in the spacious hall of the Outer palace but the celebration party was to be held in the Inner Palace.

Their carriage arrived at the Royal Palace and slowed down as they entered into the Inner Palace. In the Inner Palace, carriages were restricted from moving over a certain speed.

Because of the slow speed, there was almost no shaking inside of the carriage. Hugo straightened up, leaned towards her, pressed against the wall of the carriage and began to kiss her. Since a while ago, he had been holding back what he wanted to do so he was irked.

At the sudden deep kiss, Lucia’s face immediately flushed crimson. When their lips separated, she looked into his eyes and saw they were filled with excitement. She noticed the pink smears on his lips and her face grew hot.

“Your lips are stained with makeup.”

Hugo rubbed his lips with his hand to check and saw that it was smeared with pink lipstick.

“If you wipe it with your hand, it will spread.”

Lucia pulled her handkerchief out from her purse and wiped his lips.

“Mine is spread too, isn’t it?” (Lucia)

“I’ll clean it for you.” (Hugo)

Lucia held out her handkerchief to him. Hugo didn’t even consider taking it and just kissed her again. He wove his tongue into her mouth, kissing her deeply then he followed it with a few light kisses on her lips. He watched her face grow bright red then he whispered to her with amusement:

“Your lips are all clean. What of mine?”

Lucia finally realized his meaning of ‘cleaning’ and hit his shoulder. While glaring at his smiling face, she wiped off the little traces on his lips with her handkerchief.

“It was perfectly placed makeup...” (Lucia)

“You don’t need it. In the future, don’t put it on your lips.”

“...Why?”

“Just in case it stains you.”

“Then, don’t kiss me!”

“Why can’t I?”

When he sourly retorted, Lucia was speechless.

“The flower of makeup is the lipstick. It’s like the finishing touch.”

“Even without doing that, you’re pretty.”

He wanted to swallow her red and moist lips every time he saw them. He wanted to suck on her delicate lips, nibble them, and torment her soft tongue. He wanted to swallow her saliva and see her breathless with reddening eyes. Why did he have to hold it in? He had no intention of doing so nor did he want to.

Seeing his lips approaching again, Lucia blocked him with her hands. She looked at his unhappy expression and expressed her strong refusal.

“This is neither the time nor place. Please. We are on our way to an important event.”

Hugo obediently pulled back and leaned against the carriage. He didn’t know how an important event and a kiss were related but the fact that it was an important event was true. Not because it was the celebration of the King’s accession but because it was her debut stage.

The slowly moving carriage came to a stop. The door was opened from outside. Hugo rose and went out of the carriage first then he extended his hand back inside. Lucia took a deep breath then she rose as well. There was a fairly high gap between the carriage and the ground but there were simple stairs to ease that gap.

Lucia took his hand then carefully walked down the stairs and came down from the carriage.

“Are you nervous?”

“A little bit.”

Hugo kissed her fingertips.

“People with higher status than you can be counted on one hand. It is others that have to be nervous in front of you.”

“Okay.”

Lucia smiled sweetly at him. Hugo returned her smile then he shifted his gaze and began to walk forward. Lucia stepped forward as well, looking ahead.

As soon as they entered the hall, Lucia felt dozens and hundreds of gazes fly towards her and stay on her. Unconsciously, she squeezed his hand tighter. His big hand gave her support. She was not alone. He was by her side. Her small anxiety disappeared. After a few moments of silence, the crowd stirred and gradually grew louder.

Lucia followed his lead, walking straight ahead and not looking at anything around. As she swiftly walked by, nothing was able to enter her eyes. When he stopped, Lucia also stopped. When he bent his back and lowered his head, Lucia also followed and bent her waist.

“You may rise. I finally get to meet the famous Duchess.”

‘Ah...’

It was not until Lucia lifted her head that she realized who she was greeting. A man who was draped in formal attire and had a golden crown on his head.

He was the one who was enthroned today, the King of Xenon, Hesse the 9th. Lucia’s half-brother, Kwiz. Beside him was Beth who also doned the crown of the Queen.

“In private, you are this King ’s sister. Isn’t that so?”

“I am beyond honored.” (Lucia)

The king who acted friendly and spoke to her was unfamiliar. Lucia’s half-brother in the dream had sent one documented order and married her off to the Count of Matin. Lucia had no grudge against the king. However, the not so innocent interest of the King was not welcome. The King’s point of interest was not in her as his sister but in her as the Duchess.

If this had been in the dream, Lucia would have probably been thrilled. After all, at this time in the dream, she was lonely and exhausted. However, in this lifetime, Lucia had a reliable husband at her side. She had no need to crave for her brother’s affection.

“You can call this King ‘elder brother’.”

“How could I dare. Please withdraw your exorbitant request, Your Majesty.” (Lucia)

Her attitude, as she slightly lowered her waist with a smile and replied, was not humility for form’s sake. It was a firm and roundabout rejection.

Kwiz gazed at Lucia and gave a fake laugh. This couple was equally hard to deal with. They say that she lived quietly and invisibly inside a detached palace?

Kwiz had observed countless groups of people and from what his sharp eyes could tell, she was not a foolish princess. Her eyes were filled with intelligence. It was very rare for Kwiz to meet someone that he wanted to sit down and have a talk with. His sister that he met for the first time today gave him that exact feeling.

‘And here I thought that dead old man only left behind a son.’ (Kwiz)

Even when Kwiz was praising Lucia, he did not forget to give himself a pat on the back.

Hugo had sharply raised his guard but ended up having to swallow his laughter at her shrewd response. She was pretty, kind, clever, confident. Hugo had an endless line of rhetoric to decorate his wife.

‘Oho.’

Kwiz looked at the Duke of Taran who was watching his wife with a melting gaze and felt a tingling at the back of his head. He wanted to share his astonishment with someone. His eyes slightly met the Queen’s and she gave him a meaningful smile then she averted her gaze. The Queen already knew! For some reason, he felt vexed.

“This is Gong ’s order, isn’t it?” (Kwiz)

“What might you mean?” (Hugo)

“Isn’t that why my sister is so cold to this King on our first meeting?”

“I mean, one should have done one’s role as an older brother.”

Lucia was a little surprised as she watched the two of them exchange casual words. The relationship between him and the King was much more open than she thought.

Beth laughed as she watched the Duchess look at her husband with pride in her eyes. Her deliriously happy expression as she watched her husband was cute and adorable. Beth felt like she could see why the Duke of Taran fell for the Duchess.

Translator’s Corner:

This King : Kwiz does not refer to himself as ‘this king’. He uses an old fashioned title(짐) used by emperors in Goryeo and it refers to himself in third person therefore ‘this king’ is the closest thing to it.

Gong : (general description) A type of honorific. It is a title(공) given to a noble personage in a high position. It is usually a term of respect/honorific for a Duke. In this novel, it seems to apply to Marquis as well.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 74 [part 2] - < — Meeting People — > (1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Men gathered with men and women gathered with women. No one carelessly approached where the King and the Duke of Taran were discussing serious matters with foreign delegations.

Lucia was together with the Queen and other high-ranking noblewomen. She stood beside the Queen and other people stood around them. Presently, Lucia was almost at the same level as the Queen.

Lucia happened to be the only attending wife among the wives of the Duke and Marquis( Gong ) Families that belonged to the royal party. The Duke of Ramis’ Duchess had already passed away, Marchioness Philip was absent due to mourning her mother-in-law and Marchioness DeKhan was absent for health reasons.

‘Marchioness DeKhan will soon pass away.’ (Lucia)

In her dream, Sofia had married the bereaved Marquis of DeKhan. Lucia didn’t know who would become the wife of Marquis Dekhan in this lifetime.

As she appropriately replied to the women chattering around her, Lucia occasionally searched for her husband with her eyes.

‘My husband.’

That dashing man was her husband. Of all the people in the venue, he was by far the best. His imposing presence did not fade even when he was with the King. Even in her dream, his presence was obviously overwhelming.

As Lucia took continuous sips of her cocktail, her mood grew lighter. She couldn’t tell if it was because of tipsiness or because she was drunk on the atmosphere.

She laughed with the group at silly jokes, spoke at appropriate times and sometimes, glanced in his direction. The fun of peeking at him was quite interesting. A considerable amount of women kept glancing at him. She wanted to brag to them that he was her man.

On one hand, she was proud but on the other hand, she was annoyed. She wanted to say something childish like ‘don’t look at him, he’ll wear out’.

‘Ah. That woman has big breasts.’

The outfits of the capital’s noblewomen were definitely more daring than the northern’s noblewomen. A dress that openly revealed the cleavage was so common that people had become numb to it. It wasn’t even thought of as risque. One could often catch the sight of a beauty with thin waist and big breasts.

Lucia’s eyes kept going towards women’s chests. She acted like she wasn’t looking but she kept looking. All the women she saw in her dream had big breasts. And it was plain as day that Hugo liked busty women.

‘What do you have to eat to get it that big?’

Lucia wanted to ask. And she took a glance at her outfit. The dress itself was quite gorgeous, but the style was gentle. Even though the back was exposed, it couldn’t be seen from the front so it didn’t appear risque.

Lucia had no complaint about the dress. It suited her well. But she was a bit envious of the self-confident women who confidently showed off their body.

Lucia turned her head again and payed attention to the women’s conversation. Even if she wasn’t focused on them, she had to show that she was listening to a certain degree.

Hugo let the boring talks flow out through one ear and from time to time, he was monitoring her. As he watched her take in a few glasses of cocktail, he was worried that she would get drunk. And the moment she turned around, his face fell and his insides went up in flames.

‘What. Is. That.’

Her immaculate back was clearly visible. Because all this time, he had been watching her frin the front, he had been unable to look over the dress carefully. Who would have thought that the back would be like that? He was content with Antoine’s dresses because they were different from the usual dresses that revealed the cleavage. But he didn’t know that he would be stabbed in the back like this.

‘I’ll fire her.’

Hugo ground his teeth. The designer had to be changed. He had given her so much money but did that woman actually cut out the back to save on material cost?!

Steam rose from his head. He wanted to shout for all the men in the hall to fix their eyes to the floor. He barely managed to regain his composure and called over a servant.

“Get me a shawl. One that can cover a noble lady’s shoulders.”

Although it was an unexpected request, the servant obeyed and ran off to look for a shawl that would cover a noble lady’s shoulders, from who knows where.

‘Delicious.’

The cocktail was to Lucia’s taste. She picked up a new glass again.

“Oh my...”

The people around her suddenly exclaimed. Lucia began to turn her head and felt a soft shawl cover her shoulders. Then an arm reached out and took the glass of cocktail in her hand.

“I think you’ve drank enough, my wife.”

A little while ago, he was some distance away but at some point, he had gotten behind her. Lucia was taken aback and stared at him blankly. He took her empty hand and placed a glass of orange juice in it.

Lucia protested with her eyes. As if flaunting to her, he gulped down the cocktail he took from her in one swoop. As Lucia watched his moving Adam’s apple, the thought rose in her mind that she wanted to kiss him there and she was startled at her thought.

‘I must be drunk.’

Just like he said, she seemed to have really had too much to drink.

“This is...”

Lucia fiddled with the shawl. It was a blue shawl didn’t suit her pink dress at all.

“It seems cold so hold onto that.” (Hugo)

Today’s weather was closer to warm than cold. Lucia wanted to ask why but there were people around so she silently adjusted the shawl. Hugo stepped back to confirm that the half of her back was now covered and was pleased.

“Did you go looking for your wife because you couldn’t wait?”

Kwiz spoke cheerfully and approached them. Kwiz had been watching the Duke of Taran who couldn’t take his eyes off the Duchess. Even though Kwiz had witnessed it, he couldn’t believe it. A group of people came along, following Kwiz.

The women naturally went to their respective husbands and the group became a group of married couples. The people who wanted to be in this group stood around them, forming a wider circle.

The men lost interest in their current topic and the women who were engaging in small, nonsensical talk went quiet. The men began to discuss mostly about politics and foreign affairs. Lucia was not very interested in this kind of talk. They were talking about a distant country.

Lucia endured her boredom and glanced at him. He was not that involved in the conversation but somehow, when people wanted to hear his opinion and he opened his mouth, they all focused on him.

When someone in the group brought up a subject, there would be some debate on the subject. His wait-and-see manner had no intention of butting in, and the heat of the atmosphere only rose to the point where no deterrent was needed. Even so, it was quite dull to Lucia.

Maybe the alcohol was getting to her because she was getting a little hot. She wanted to take off the shawl so she tapped the back of his hand lightly. When his gaze moved to her, she gestured to take off the shawl. He frowned slightly and shook his head.

‘But it’s hot.’

Why couldn’t she take it off? She felt sullen but when she saw a busty woman pass by, her playfulness soared. She tapped the back of his hand again and signalled with her eyes that she wanted to say something.

He lowered himself and whispered in her ear.

“What?”

Lucia brought her head to his ear and whispered to him.

“You like busty beauties, right?”

Hugo took a good look at her then spoke in her ear again.

“What are you talking about all of a sudden?”

“Men are all like that.”

“Don’t listen to those women who say nonsense all the time.”

Hugo thought she had heard something strange from the noblewomen.

‘Get rid of that confidence that I’m not one of the women speaking nonsense.’ (1)

Lucia pursed her lips slightly. Even though she didn’t enjoy gossiping, it was secretly quite fun. As long as it wasn’t slandering another, it was an enjoyable pastime when there was nothing to talk about and time would pass by without notice. When a noblewoman with the gift of eloquence laid it on the crowd and the laughing and chatting began, a few hours could easily pass by.

“I heard that all the women you have been with are busty beauties.”

Lucia hadn’t really heard that. There was no one around her with a liver big enough to drive a wedge between them. She had gotten information about his past women from Jerome and among those women, there was no one in particular that bothered her. Most of them were women that couldn’t even come close to her as the Duchess.

Lucia did not care about his real past women. Rather, his future lovers that she saw in the dream was more vivid in her memory so she cared more about them. It might be because she was envious of the beauty and confidence of the women that accompanied the Duke of Taran. Even the Duchess she saw in her dream was not a beauty, but her breasts were big.

Lucia was slightly intoxicated so her mood was a bit higher than usual. She got a little annoyed and was able to do something bold like teasing him.

His red eyes shook intensely. Lucia was rather surprised and widened her eyes. He was flustered. The man who seemed like he would be calm even if the sky collapsed was shaken. Lucia found that amazing and interesting. She pulled on his arm making him lower his body then she whispered in his ear again.

“Don’t tell me it’s really true?”

The sight of him stunned made her chuckle a little. And she could see a variety of complicated emotions whirling around in his eyes. It seemed like he was angry but he was showing bewilderment and disbelief which was rare and precious.

‘Oh my goodness. How cute.’

The big man was adorable. He was showing this expression to her alone. Her heart was tickled and she couldn’t help but laugh.

Hugo’s eyes narrowed as he watched his fearless wife who dared to tease him. He lowered his head to her ear and gently bit her ear. She looked at him with surprise and her face gradually grew red-hot. Hugo was satisfied with her reaction and calmly lifted his head again.

‘T...T...This crazy–. He seriously...’

Lucia stared at his unconcerned shameless face with disbelief.

‘How could you do that here!’

Lucia turned away and swallowed her scream.

The people around had very strange expressions and alternated glances between the ducal couple. It was rare for the nobility who strove for expression control to reveal explicit emotions in a public venue. But they were all showing very excited expressions. Lucia did not think beforehand that her act of exchanging whispers with him would attract people’s attention. She had been slightly excited because of the alcohol.

Lucia was embarrassed and her face felt like it was on fire. She had to first escape from here. Lucia tried to get away quickly but his hand was faster as he caught her waist and pulled her in.

“Where are you going, my wife?”

He placed his lips close to her ears and spoke huskily. Lucia struggled to get out of his arms.

“It is rude to ask that of a lady. Please let me go.”

The corner of his lips raised in a smile.

‘No! Don’t do it!’

For some reason, Lucia felt a bad foreboding and cried out inwardly but his lips had already descended on her lips before pulled away. There were gasps from here and there, something could be heard falling to the ground and the sound of something cracking in succession could be heard. (2)

Lucia didn’t have the courage to look around and as soon as he loosened his hold on her waist, she rooted her eyes to the floor and ran away. Indeed, it was apparent to any who saw that she was running away.

Translator’s Corner:

I wanted to translate this as: “How are you confident that I’m not one of the women speaking nonsense?” but I felt like that was slightly pushing it. But this should help explain the sentence better if you didn’t understand it.This is likely the sound of glass falling to the ground and breaking. I thought it was the sound of hearts cracking .

Belonged to the royal party : Royalists basically. These families support the crown aka Kwiz. These people have been mentioned briefly in Chapter 58[part 1].

Marchioness: This should be quite obvious but the wife of a Marquis is a Marchioness.

Title ranking so far: Duke > Marquis > Count > Baron. Therefore: Duchess > Marchioness > Countess > Baroness.

Risque: sexually suggestive, indecent... google it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 [part 1] - < — Meeting People — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

With the Duke of Taran as the center, the radius of people around him strangely fell silent like it was in a different world. Only the Duke who caused this situation was perfectly calm. Even his movement as he placed his empty glass on a passing servant’s tray and picked up a new glass was very natural. He was norm a brazen person. He didn’t know the meaning of shyness or embarrassment. The only time he cared about a person’s gaze and thoughts was when it came to his wife.

“...Your relationship with the Duchess seems good.”

Kwiz broke the silence. He couldn’t contain himself and opened his mouth. At first, it was intriguing but because he was just watching, they actually showed off their romance at his celebration party. His eyes were irritated.

“Newlyweds, aren’t they?” (Kwiz)

Everyone nodded their head then they felt a sense of incongruity. Hadn’t it been a year and a half since the ducal couple got married? It was a vague period to confidently call them newlyweds.

Kwiz then asked the question they all had in mind.

“How long is the newlywed period?”

“Until a baby is born.”

Oho, indeed. Those nodding their head realized one beat late that the definition of ‘newly-wed period’ was not important. The problem was that even if the he had married yesterday, the action they had just witnessed was done by none other than the Duke of Taran.

People’s gazes had already begun to be drawn to the ducal couple from when they were exchanging affectionate whispers. Even those that were debating grew silent and trained their eyes on them. Whatever the two of them were talking about, they were happy and didn’t seem to care who saw.

The warmth in the Duke’s eyes as he gazed at his wife was surprising, and his affectionate loving expression was simply jaw slacking.

“... Gong , you seem to have fallen in love.” (Kwiz)

As expected of His Majesty. Everyone inwardly clapped for Kwiz who boldly and bluntly said what they were unable to say.

Hugo looked at Kwiz expressionlessly. He had no intention of falling for the King’s eloquence and providing a clue for the rumors.

“I didn’t know that Your Majesty knew that word.”

When the Duke of Taran changed the subject, the surrounding people looked regretful. Especially the women. It was regrettable because they would have been able to make a topic that could be gossiped about for three days and nights. Although sometimes there were groundless rumors, there were no rumors that dropped from the cloud. There had to be at least one word of credibility for it to be ‘fleshed out’. All the rumors that hit the social circle were made that way.

“Hm? How does Gong see this King? This king is a romanticist.”

Many people broke out in merry laughter.

Hugo chuckled. The throne was a position gained by stepping on the blood and lives of many. The owner of that seat saying such a thing was a very humorous. Kwiz killed his brothers to keep his position. Even if they were his half-brothers, he had no hesitation in cutting down his flesh and blood. This decisiveness played a role in why Hugo chose to support Kwiz.

“Speaking of which, Gong . Consider telling us little of the inside story. I’m not the only one interested in Gong ’s love story.”

It was a remark that could devalue the dignity of the King but that was Kwiz’s strange charm. Even when he moderately tossed authority to the side and joked around, he did not lose his dignity. He was good at walking on a tightrope without going over the edge. Which was likely why there were a lot of young nobles that supported Kwiz.

“No, thank you. One word will turn into a hundred words.” (Hugo)

“ Gong doesn’t care about rumors, no?”

The memory of her asking if he liked busty beauties rose up in Hugo’s mind. All this while, he had been diligently collecting rumors in case a bad rumor rose up about her, or in case she heard a ridiculous rumor about him and misunderstood. But it would seem that just that wasn’t enough. He didn’t care about trashy rumors but he felt the need to crack down more aggressively.

* * *

Lucia fled to the break room. It hadn’t been long since the party started so there weren’t many people in the spacious break room.

“Bring me a glass of water.”

Lucia sent the attending maid by her side on an errand and took time to catch her breath. She covered her burning face with her hands.

‘I have to rest till the tipsiness subsides.’

She was not that drunk but without realizing it, her mood had gotten excited. And a mistake can happen when she was like this. But soon, Lucia’s expression darkened. Didn’t she already make a huge mistake? It was mistake in of itself to induce his mischievousness.

‘Even while knowing he doesn’t care about people’s gazes...’

She shouldn’t have given him a reason. No matter what she said, he didn’t change so she should have been careful.

Lucia drank the water that the maid brought back and when took off her shawl, cool air hit her shoulders and her back.

‘Don’t tell me...because of my back?’

Lucia toyed with the shawl and was lost in thought. She had been wondering why he suddenly gave her a shawl and didn’t want her to take it off but now, she felt like she knew the answer and couldn’t help but laugh.

‘Was he always such a conservative man?’

She had heard that there were men who disliked the exposure of his wife or lover, but she did not know that he was one of them. Seeing as he went through the trouble of getting a shawl, he seemed to really not like it. By the looks of it, Antoine would be incriminated.

‘Oh well. Since it’s come to this, I’ll use this chance to make a deal with Antoine.’

Antoine had sent a receipt with an enormous price after her first visit but the charge for this coronation dress was considerably cheaper. Lucia had gone through purchasing a dress at the time of the victory party so she knew that the price should have been several times higher than the current price. No matter how you looked at it, it was strange.

Lucia kept silent because a debut dress was absolutely necessary for her but she planned on finding out what was happening sooner or later.

“Duchess. I’m sorry to interrupt your rest. May I trouble you for a moment?”

The break room was an area that wasn’t restricted by decorum. Even if the Queen came in, the resting women did not have to rise and give their greetings. The goal was to allow quiet rest therefore even if one were to have a discussion, speaking loudly was rude.

Lucia was not tired so the disturbed rest didn’t really bother her. She looked at the woman who greeted her.

“Have a sit, Lady Alvin.”

“Ah, you remember me. I’m glad.”

Today, the Count of Alvin brought his unmarried younger sister as his partner instead of his wife, Sofia. Ever since that day, Sofia had secluded herself at home. Even if today was the coronation party, if Sofia had come out, Lucia would have taken it as a disregard of her warning. It was fortunate that Sofia wasn’t foolish to the extent of not understanding the meaning of her words.

“My brother wanted me to apologize to Duchess for my sister-in-law’s mistake. He sincerely requested for me to talk to you if he did not get the chance in person. She made a really big mistake. Please, I ask for your indulgence. I don’t dare to ask for your forgiveness. I only plead that you release your anger.”

“I have already forgotten about this matter. There is no need for Lady Alvin to apologize. I will accept Sir. Alvin’s apology.”

“Thank you very much for your generous words.”

Lady Alvin smiled bitterly. If the Duchess had really forgiven her, she would have said, ‘When you meet the Countess, tell her we should have a talk sometime’, in order to make a promise for the future and lift the order of confinement.

This forgiveness was perfunctory. It was a mistake to think that because the Duchess was young, if she was humored and gently appeased, she would quickly soften. Lady Alvin said her farewell and stood up.

Lucia indifferently watched as Lady Alvin went to a corner of the break room and began talking to some woman. She couldn’t hear what they were talking about so she lost interest and turned away. Lucia suddenly remembered something and turned to look at the woman again.

‘That woman...’

Dark brown hair, cat-like eyes, slightly upturned lips and a mole under the eye. The woman was matching the description that Norman gave her. She was similar to the noblewoman that went to find Norman in order to look into Lucia.

Lucia asked the maid to find out who the woman was. The maid came back soon with information gotten from the older handmaids. As usual, she(the maid) was a tactful child.

“She is called the Countess of Falcon.” (Maid)

“...Good work.”

Lucia had never seen Anita in her dream. She had heard rumors that the woman had unexpectedly married three times but the Countess of Falcon did not really show herself in the social circle. If she had not overheard his conversation with Sofia, she would not have known that the Countess of Falcon was his secret mistress.

‘Why did she investigate me secretly?’

It was not clear if the woman was aiming for her or was aiming to use her to get to him. It was possible that, like Sofia, it was done because of personal feelings but it was also possible that there was some underlying motive behind it.

If there was really a purpose, the woman would definitely approach her. If the woman approached her for whatsoever reason, Lucia planned on telling him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 75 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Meeting People — > (2)

Anita’s gaze was cold as she watched the Duchess leave the break room. After going through a lot of heartache, Anita’s atmosphere had changed in the past year. As she lost weight, her cheeks grew hollow, her impression became stronger and her temperament hardened.

A large amount of funds was suddenly pulled out from her company without notice. She didn’t have time to find why and had run all over the place trying to settle it. Although she has managed to avoid bankruptcy, most of the shares in her company went into other people’s hands. The only thing left was a superficial shell. The attack of funds that tore down the foundation of her family business was only the beginning. The aide of the Duke of Taran came and gave a cruel finish.

[You did something you shouldn’t have done. If you don’t have the ability to handle investigating someone else, don’t do it. My lord was very offended. If this is done again in the future, be prepared to pay the price. This is just a very light warning(1). My lord has no forgiveness for those that ignore his warning.]

Fabian already didn’t like the Countess of Falcon and had contemptuously relayed his master’s warning. After Fabian left, Anita fainted out of humiliation and was ill for a few days. When Anita woke up, her eyes were filled with venom.

‘So you have been communicating with that female novelist.’

Anita thought that Princess Vivian found out about her through the female novelist. Then went on to tattle to the Duke of Taran.

The Duke was a man of great pride. Even if it was an affectionless marriage, he would be unhappy if someone went after his person. However, the punishment he gave her was too much. There was no reason for the Duke to go that far.

‘How badly did she speak of me?’

Princess Vivian must have gone above and beyond in her tales to the Duke and acted as if she was bullied or something. It was indeed the case of a frog getting killed by an accidentally thrown stone. Princess Vivian threw a stone without any aim and she was hit by that stone.

‘Do you think I will fall like this? Even if I die, I won’t die alone.’

Anita was born the youngest daughter of a fallen aristocrat and thanks to her appearance, she got married to a wealthy man. Within a few months of marriage, her husband died of a sudden cardiac arrest. Anita became rich in an instant. Since she had money, she also wanted to have status. She got a baron who had fallen for her to divorce and then married him. In just half a year, her second husband fell off a horse and died.

Her third husband was Count Falcon, whom she met while she was doing business. Anita was greedy for status and the Count needed money. They got married to fulfill each other’s needs. After a year of marriage, the count went to another country on tea business and died of a fever. Anita did not have any children with her dead husband, nor did he designate a successor to inherit his title. Unless she remarried, according to the law, she was the Countess until death. The youngest daughter of a fallen aristocrat had become a wealthy Countess.

It was not her fault that her husbands died. But people pointed fingers at Anita and said she was cursed. She fought against prejudice and lived clenching her teeth. She was harsh on others as much as she was harsh on herself. Even if people cursed and swore at her from behind, she closed her ears to it. It was because of such venomosity that she was able to get so far. She wanted to become famous in the high society with her wealth and status. But that didn’t go as she wished.

Rather than being famous, Anita was an outsider. The noblewomen were sticklers for class and hated Anita. They used the reason that she was inauspicious but the way Anita saw it, that was only an excuse and the truth was ugly jealousy.

Unlike the pretentious noblewomen who only knew how to gossip about others, Anita could converse with the men. She was able to discuss the economy and talk about business. She also looked attractive. As though showing off, Anita did not refuse the males that were tempted by her and if necessary, she sometimes did the tempting. She didn’t care if they were married or unmarried.

‘You think you are excluding me? I am the one excluding all of you.’

She sneered at the noblewomen and held her head upright. Her business was continuously successful and unlike other women, she didn’t have to cater to her husband every time she spent money. If she had to go to balls, she was adorned in very luxurious dresses and jewelries. The wealthier she got, the more the women in the high society could not ignore her. There were even some who clung to her, hoping to get crumbs. The world worked in funny ways. Anita took her few followers and played an active role in the social circles.

After doing it for a few years, she realized the high society was nothing special and lost interest. And after that, she did not participate in social activities unless it was absolutely necessary. She wasn’t interested in anything other than increasing her money. She was pouring more of her energy into expanding her business.

Then she met the Duke of Taran. For the first time ever, Anita felt a sense of fulfilment like she had gotten it all. Everything was perfect. It was a solid castle that she had built by giving it her all.

But the castle she had painstakingly built was torn down with one word from a woman who was lucky enough to be born a princess and lucky enough to become a Duchess. Anita had thought it was sturdy but seeing her castle collapse in an instant, she was overcome with shock. When she asked those that had sucked up to her for help, they all turned tail and ran. All the wealth and people suddenly seemed like an illusion.

‘I have to at least see what she looks like.’

Anita tried to get an invitation to the tea party that the Duchess was going to attend. She mobilized her contacts and connections. Count Jordan blew his horn claiming that he would come to her rescue but said something else with an awkward expression.

[Hmm. So I talked to my wife. Ahem. Things are a little...]

Even without listening to the end, it was obvious. They must have mocked that someone on the Countess of Falcon’s level could not get into the party. In the end, she failed to get an invitation and felt a sense of deprivation and misery. If her business was doing well, she would not have suffered such humiliation. At this thought, her resentment against the Duchess grew.

Anita stood far away and watched the ducal couple enter the celebration party venue. For a moment, her heart throbbed seeing the unchanging Duke of Taran and she watched as the Duchess receive people’s gazes with a sparkling dress and triumphant expression as if she had the entire world. Her stomach churned and she could not keep watching.

She evaded the crowd and went to the break room. In the break room, she met Lady Alvin. Lady Alvin was one of the contacts that Anita was steadily putting effort into. Thanks to her well-to-do brother, Lady Alvin was a young miss that had grown up without lacking anything. For Anita who was a seasoned merchant, scratching her itch and gently humoring her was child’s play.

Lady Alvin thought of Anita as a friend. Although her reputation in society wasn’t great, the Countess of Falcon was a rare woman with great business talents. Such a person stuck to her, humored her, gave her advice and with that advice, she made a gain on investments. Because of this gain, her brother praised her and rather than the Countess of Falcon pointing out her contribution, she praised her for being excellent and brilliant. She was a really nice person.

Even though Anita was having business difficulties, Lady Alvin talked with her more frequently. Lady Alvin comforted Anita by saying that it was her turn to help. But in fact, her sincerity was because her inferiority complex from when the Countess of Falcon was at the peak of her success had disappeared.

As the two women got closer, Lady Alvin occasionally talked about the situation at home. As of recent, she lamented and spoke about what happened between her sister-in-law and the Duchess.

‘She is not ordinary.’ (Anita)

Anita had to correct her thinking that made light of the Duchess and thought of her as a young princess that didn’t know the realities of life.

[Lady Alvin can try giving a sincere apology on their behalf. If things go well, Count Alvin will be pleased and reward Lady Alvin.]

Tempted by Anita’s enticement, Lady Alvin approached the Duchess and offered an apology. But she did not get the reply she wanted. Anita acted like she was comforting Lady Alvin but inwardly, she was collecting information about the Duchess.

‘She can’t be taken lightly. Her character is stronger than I thought.’

Anita abandoned her plan of approaching the Duchess. There would be an opportunity someday. There was a large difference in status between her and the Duchess but this difference was not absolute. Anita’s life was evidence of this.

‘The Duchess is a great beauty? The Duke has fallen in love? Bullshit!’

Anita did not believe the rumors. It was likely she wouldn’t believe it even if she saw it with her own eyes. She had reached a state where she only saw what she wanted to see and heard what she wanted to hear. The Anita who made calm judgements was no more.

Translator’s Corner:

1. Here, he’s referring to the pulling out of funds.

My lord : He doesn’t say ‘my lord’. He says ‘that person’. I put ‘my lord’ so you know who he’s talking about.

Support on Patreon for advance chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Meeting People — > (3)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

The effects of the alcohol simmered down quickly. Lucia came out of the break room. As she walked along the hallway, a handmaid approached her with hurried steps and bowed her head.

“His Grace the Duke sent this servant out of worry that the Duchess’ absence was long.”

It had only been 30 minutes since she left to rest. Lucia felt embarrassed because she thought that the people around would see his actions as unusual, that he couldn’t wait and sent a handmaid for her.

“Go ahead and tell him that I’m on my way.”

The maid bowed and quickly went back the way she came from.

“Master always looks for Milady.”

The maid who was following her added.

“Are you poking fun at me?”

“No, Milady. I wouldn’t dare. I say so because it looks good. If I get married later, I want to live like Master and Milady.”

Lucia didn’t mind hearing the maid’s flattery mixed with envy. She wondered if they looked that good in other people’s eyes and felt a little elated. Her relationship with him these days was definitely good.

Even though she had less time to see his face compared to when they were in the north, they had gotten closer. She tried to consider what exactly was different from when they were in the north but there was nothing specific she could point to. But strangely, anything he said would sound so sweet.

Lucia was walking in high spirits but as soon as she saw a group of men that were conversing some distance away, she paused her footsteps.

The maid who was following after her called out, “Milady?”

Lucia squeezed the shawl in her hand as though it were a shield. She regulated her breathing and began to walk again. When she drew close enough to verify the face, she sucked in her breath. She hoped she could just pass by.

After a couple of steps, one of the men discovered Lucia and his eyes shone with greed. Goosebumps rose all over her body.

“Ooh. Are you not the Duchess? I am more than glad for the opportunity to greet such a beautiful personage.”

Lucia couldn’t ignore the over-dramatic greeting of the man. The Duchess being rude at her first official social debut would only become the target of gossip. She was forced to stop and look at the face of the sickening man. She focused on controlling her gaze so that her expression would not distort.

The man was barely taller than Lucia. He had a tubby figure with a stomach like a pregnant woman’s and his greasy face was thickly covered with greed. His grinning mouth was filled with servility. His cunning eyes showed his anxiety to sponge off someone in power one way or the other. It was Lucia’s husband in her dream, the man that she didn’t even want to see in her dreams(1). Count Matin.

“I am the head of the Matin family and successor to the Count title, Horio Matin. Alas. I saw you from afar earlier but now that I’m closer, your beauty shines even more. I have great respect for His Grace, the Duke of Taran. It is a great honor to be able give my greetings the Great Duke of Taran’s wife.”

Count Matin wagged his tongue and rubbed his palms together like a mean merchant.

Lucia could identify her current feelings. Disgust. And fear. In her dream, Count Matin was a wall of despair. Her marriage life was darkness. Nevertheless, the reason why Lucia had been able to endure was because ironically, she had married without knowing anything. If she had known even a little bit about how a normal marriage was, she wouldn’t have lived so resigned and in suspense. If the memory of her dream was a nightmare then her marriage now was an illusion she didn’t want to break.

So when she came across the Count of Matin, her back broke out in terror like her illusions were broken. Lucia rarely had dark feelings towards others. She was the type to shake off slightly saddening or uncomfortable things. However, with the Count of Matin, she hated him terribly. Which was why she ate mugwort, brought infertility upon herself, and found her husband to propose. All of it was a struggle to get away from the shadow that Count Matin cast on her.

‘This man...was he always so small?’

Lucia was prepared to face the Count of Matin at any time. Even though she had become a Duchess, there was a faint fear at the bottom of her heart. However, the Count Matin that she faced in reality was so crummy. He was a dwarf compared her husband whose build outclassed knights.

Her anxiety faded away as she remember his broad chest and his firm embrace. If he were to give this man one kick, he would fly far away. Somehow, the man in front of her seemed very pathetic and her fear gradually faded away.

“Duchess. Would you please give me a chance to give my greetings to His Grace the Duke? There are very distinguished people at his side so a worthless person like myself may not enter his eyes but I am prepared to become the hands and feet of His Grace the Duke. If you just give me the chance, I will never forget this grace.”

Often times, Lucia couldn’t understand the Count of Matin’s abnormal obsession with power. The Matin family had a territory of its own, the family history ran deep, he had enough to live and be satisfied with his current circumstances.

‘He is still the same. Indeed, people don’t change easily.’ (Lucia)

The Count of Matin had wandered back and forth as if his feet were on fire but he was an empty grain that both the Crown Prince and the opposite side didn’t really want. Indeed, he made no difference to either side. Whether it was his power, wealth, or his own capability, they didn’t amount to much.

Count Matin didn’t want to admit it but he was at the end of his wits. No matter how hard he flung his body out of the water, he couldn’t get to the other pond he wanted.

“This is our first meeting but you are being rude. If you have business with His Grace the Duke, talk to him directly.”

Lucia spoke with a serious look on her face. Even if she was the Duchess, her opposing tone to an elder noble Count on their first meeting was rude. Lucia did not want the man to ever talk to her again. She hated to even see his shadow.

Her terrible fate with this person no longer existed in reality. So she purposefully spoke in a rude manner.

Lucia could see embarrassment and annoyance flash in Count Matin’s dark eyes. In her dream, Lucia would tremble in fear every time the Count’s eyes became like this. It was the day when her insides twisted and his viciousness came out.

Lucia straightened her waist. She hoped to look arrogant and she walked past him. Her heart was little nervous but she felt extremely delighted, like something pressing down on her chest had been lifted.

Lucia bit her lips because she felt like she was going to laugh. She realized that from now on, she was truly free from the nightmare in her dream.

‘Even if I slap him for no reason, he can’t do anything to me.’

Behind Lucia was the Duke of Taran. A reliable husband that held her up as though he would protect her from all the storms in life. He may not be invincible, but he had enough power to get rid of such trash. The person she was in the dream, the person that shook in fear of that man no longer existed.

Translator’s Corner:

1. I was gonna say Lucia’s dream husband...but that just sounds like the complete opposite meaning.

2. Crummy: She means he’s of poor quality. Bottom of the barrel.

Support on Patreon for advance chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 76 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — People to Meet — > (3)

Lucia suddenly wanted to see Hugo and quickened her steps. Even if she couldn’t explain it to him, she wanted to share her joy with him.

‘That man will eventually die miserably like in the dream.’

Lucia’s steps slowed down.

‘...He may not die. The future is changing.’

It was around the time when their marriage was in its fifth year. The King had been keeping a silent watch over those who opposed him then he finally drew his sword. It was the beginning of the ordeal that was later known as the 100 days of blood.

At first, Count Matin tried his hardest to join the royalist party but when he failed to join the ranks, he dipped his feet in the opposing party. There was no way the cowardly Count Matin would have truly planned to revolt. He had neither the guts nor the ability. His intentions were just to ingratiate himself to those in power one way or another.

The opposing forces were also aware of Count Matin’s obvious intention. Their relationship was one where they used each other. In such a relationship, the weaker side had no choice but to be eaten up.

Count Matin got caught up in it as if he had actively participated and was unable to pull out. No one knew of Count Matin’s false accusations. From the King’s point of view, they were dregs that wouldn’t be missed even if they were eradicated together. And the people in power that the Count believed to be his backing had all just lost their necks.

The Matin family with its deep history was exterminated overnight. The Count was caught by the soldiers and beheaded without a proper trial. The members of the household were all taken away and not long after, they were sentenced to decapitation. A long while later, it was heard that the youngest son of the Count, Bruno, who was in the Academy had fled to another country to escape the fire.

As Lucia remembered her memories from the dream, her body trembled. The memory of the night when the soldiers came was fear in of itself. She had heard that the one that spearheaded the 100 days of blood at the time was the Duke of Taran.

‘If I was caught that night, perhaps I might have died at his hand.’

Lucia didn’t know if the Duke of Taran had led the soldiers on the night of the attack on the Count of Matin’s residence. She did not see him personally afterall. For her, that night had symbolized oppression and liberation. It was a night of horror, but Lucia had been able to obtain her freedom. She was able to return to being Lucia by abandoning Vivian, the Countess of Matin. The heavens had helped her. If not for that incident, Lucia would have spent her entire life in the dream, suffering until death as the Countess of Matin.

‘Forget it. Whether that man dies or not, it has nothing to do with me.’

She didn’t have to keep reminding herself of that trash. It was not worth it.

‘...Still, it would be nice if he died. Very miserably.’

Although Lucia didn’t want the innocent Countess and other household members to be embroiled in the conflict and die, her dark mind hoped for the Count’s death to happen like she saw in the dream.

“Duchess.”

As soon as she saw the man that was blocking her path with a bright smile, Lucia felt her irritation soar. This was the third unwelcome face in a row, first it was the Countess of Falcon, then the Count of Matin and now this one. This was why she hated parties with a lot of people. Unexpected things kept happening and she kept seeing people she didn’t want to see.

“Do you remember me? I greeted you the other day. I am Count David Ramis of Duke Ramis.”

Lucia only nodded her head with a stiff expression. David’s eyes did not see her uncomfortable expression. To him, she seemed to give him a shy nod as her radiance dazzled his eyes.

“In a humble measure, I have put Duchess’s beauty into a simple poem. Please, I would appreciate if you took a look at it.”

Since the day of the rose garden, David had always carried a love letter with him. After the fantastical first meeting of that day, David’s eyes always shimmered when he thought about her. He had found out her name which he was unable to hear from her beautiful voice that day.

Vivian. What a noble and beautiful name.

It was a name born for her. What can be said if she was married? If a man and a woman were sharing their heart, such perfunctory conditions could not obstruct them. Right now, he wasn’t greedy for much. He just wanted to get to know each other a little as he exchanged letters with the Duchess.

Lucia looked at the envelope. Regardless if one was married or not, exchanging love letters was treated as a simple occurrence. There were a few rules. It was okay for a man to give it to a woman, but the opposite case would cause tongues to wag. When receiving a love letter from a man, a woman should not receive it personally, the maid or the person by her side had to accept it on her behalf.

The maid looked at Lucia as though asking, ‘Should I accept?’. Lucia shook her head in return.

“Sir. Ramis. Please take back your heart for I cannot accept it. I have already made a vow to grow old together with my husband.”

David was caught off guard. Because love letters represented a measure of the external charm of a noblewoman, there were very few cases of rejections. For the nobility, it was not dignified to be offended because one’s wife or lover received such a thing. On the contrary, it was typical to be proud of it.

“Duchess. By any chance...I’m saying this in case you misunderstand, but I only wrote a few verses. It will not hurt your virtue as the Madam.”

“You don’t need to teach me about customs. It isn’t a sin if I don’t receive it, is it?”

“...Well that...”

“I do not want to have a private conversation unless my husband is a part of it.”

Lucia spoke bluntly because she was in a bad mood. Unfortunately for David, his timing was bad. David’s gaze followed Lucia as she said her goodbye and went past him. His face was red with humiliation and he clenched his fists, crushing the envelope in his hand. His followers, who were always following him around, watched from a few steps away and they awkwardly turned away their gazes with a sheepish expression.

In the aristocratic society where human relations were complex, one had to be careful with their words and actions, at all times and one had to try not to create enemies. In the aristocratic society that took face very seriously, it was a rare thing for someone to refuse another so bluntly to the extent it was humiliating, like Lucia had done. It was indeed humiliating.

‘Why did such a woman marry the Duke of Taran?’

David’s stomach was twisting with jealousy. Even her heart wanting to maintain fidelity to her husband made her seem nobler than ever.

David had arrived late to the party. The Ducal Taran couple had already arrived and were talking to other people separately. As soon as David saw the Duchess, he couldn’t control his fluttering heart. The Duchess was more beautiful than when he last saw her in the rose garden. If at the time she was like a fairy, this time she was like a goddess.

He could not approach where the Duchess stood surrounded by noblewomen. His sister stood beside the Duchess and had discovered him some distance away. She gave him an explicit gaze and shook her head. David could not ignore his sister’s warning.

Be as it may, he didn’t want to join the crowd of people that treated the Duke of Taran like a protagonist. With no other choice, he aimlessly hovered in the vicinity of the party venue with his followers. But he could not ignore the signs that his followers were bored for very long. He reluctantly entered the party venue and then he discovered the Duchess. He felt happy like he was on top of the world.

But now, he felt like the king of a ruined country that had lost everything. David felt both humiliation and sadness and stood with his head hanging low. It was his first heart-break.

‘The more one cannot have something, the more one is anxious about it. Sir. Ramis.’

Anita watched from a distance and gave a cold smile. A good idea flashed into her mind.

‘A scandal surrounding the Duchess...’

The more unattainable a one’s position is, the more uncontrolled a rumor could be if one was involved. Rumors that spread like wildfire have greater embellishments. If the Madam of the Taran family was at the center of a scandal that shook the social circle, how would the Duke of Taran react? For Duke that took and abandoned women as he needed, he would abandon his wife.

‘One of the many princesses of the previous king became the Duchess and then fell to become the divorced former Duchess.’

Anita quite liked the sound of it. It was a scandal that could be milked for 10 years in the social circle. Anita looked at David and gave a meaningful smile. No matter what, there would be a chance to take advantage of the Duke of Ramis’ heir.

Support on Patreon for advance chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — People to Meet — > (4)

“It’s the Mad Dog.”

“Mad Dog Krotin.”

When an eye-catching man made his entrance, the atmosphere of the pleasant banquet hall stirred with unease. Roy walked in with a very crooked expression, looking around slowly like a wild dog in search of prey. People turned ghastly pale and turned away, afraid to meet his eyes.

Roy gradually accumulated notoriety while he was the Crown Prince’s escort and accompanied the Crown Prince to parties or meetings. Now, he had become famous in the social circles. Because he was at the Crown Prince’s side as an escort, he was caught up in the bloody power game whether he wanted to or not. He was not accustomed to the flowery noble way of speaking so, at first he did not even know he was picking a fight. Even if he spoke cynically, most of them were people that would retreat without saying anything. So, in the early phase of escorting, it was rather quiet. And then gradually they began to ignore Roy and ridicule him. His famous name on the battlefield was useless in the social circle. Although the Duke of Taran had given him the title of Baron, he was originally a commoner.

Low-ranking, ignorant and simple-minded Knights were very ridiculous to the aristocrats who didn’t treat people like human beings if they weren’t nobility. And it happened that nobles in opposition to the Crown Prince got into friction with Roy and threw down their gauntlet. And Roy responded by happily beating them to pulp. Roy’s stress was at its peak due to doing to job of an escort that didn’t suit his aptitude. However, once he wielded his sword, his stress was completely relived. Because he had acquired a taste for it, it was now him that went after them first.

Since most of them were from forces opposing the Crown Prince, the Crown Prince just stood by and watched while the Crown Prince’s faction quietly encouraged it. Roy went wild in high spirits and sometimes he had a couple of duels in a day.

At first, those who didn’t know anything accepted his challenge and it wasn’t until their knights were beaten half-dead that they realized that Roy was a lunatic. After defeating the Marquis’ knights, he said Knights are their master’s dog and this utterance turned the social circle upside down. After that, Roy was called the Mad Dog. Even if those that were harmed gnashed their teeth in anger, they had no justification because it was a legal confrontation. Furthermore, behind Roy was the Crown Prince and even further behind was the Duke of Taran. People played it extremely safe in order not to step on the Mad Dog’s tail.

After the previous King passed away, Roy arrogantly bailed on his escorting mission and hid himself for a while because he was afraid of the aftermath. After roaming and playing around to his heart’s content, he got bored. As time passed, the simple Roy had practically forgotten his fear at the time of being scolded by his Lord.

Today, there were a lot of people going to the coronation party so he wondered if there would be anything fun and after wandering around, he came. Because it was a formal occasion, there were no Knights that came to the party wearing armor like Roy did. They should have stopped him at the entrance but the Royal Guards did not stop the already famous Roy.

As Roy was passing, he bumped shoulders with somebody. He turned his head to apologize but suddenly, the middle-aged nobleman lost his temper.

“Are you blind or what! Where do you think this is that you’re wearing armor? Ei. Tsk Tsk Tsk.”

‘Hoh.’

Roy’s eyes narrowed. It had been a while since someone picked a fight with him so it was refreshing. The middle-aged noble man had been away from the capital for a while and it hadn’t been long since he returned so he hadn’t heard of the notorious Mad Dog Krotin.

“Then, what of you? Do you have no eyes? Why should I have to avoid you? If you are blind, then I will apologize.”

“Wha...what!! This rude bastard-!”

The middle-aged man did not see the people around him shrinking away. The likes of a knight insulting him made the heat rise to his head.

“Bastard? Did you just call me bastard? I see you like to run your mouth. How many necks do you have? Hm?” (Roy)

“Wha...Wha...Wha- this trash-like bastard-! How dare you! Do you know who I am! Do you think you’ll be safe after this?!”

“Who are you? And so what?”

Come on, hurry and challenge me. Roy was hoping that someone would pick a fight with him. The middle-aged man was unluckily caught. When he smiled like a delinquent and took a sudden step forward, the middle-aged noble backed away.

“Oh dear.” (Random A)

“Tsk Tsk. Of all people.” (Random B)

People’s attention were drawn towards the commotion. It was terrible to encounter the Mad Dog Krotin but as long as the misfortune was theirs, it was a great spectacle. While people were clicking their tongue at the Mad Dog, they secret wanted him to cause trouble. In the high society that was all about keeping face, there was nobody that provided a spectacle without reserve like the Mad Dog. People felt sympathy for scapegoat of today but at the same time they were excited to watch the spectacle.

Kwiz felt people’s gazes fall on him and cleared his throat. It was the celebration party for his accession to the throne. If he let the incident play out like this, it would harm the dignity of the King. He couldn’t leave it like this but the question was whether Roy would listen to him if he stopped him. In the past, he pretended not to hear when those that asked him to mediate so his interference now would seem ridiculous.

“Ahem. Taran Gong.”

Why don’t you stop him? He’s your subordinate. Kwiz handed the problem solving over to Hugo and silently washed his hands off the matter. Truthfully, Hugo didn’t really care whether Roy made a mess in this place. His interest was only on his wife who was currently absent. He felt like she had been gone for too long so he sent a handmaid after her. He had just sent the handmaid but he was already grumbling that the maid was slow. Hugo briefly clicked his tongue and began to move. Everyone’s gazes turned to the moving Duke of Taran.

“Can he really stop the Mad Dog?”

“It’s his subordinate so isn’t that obvious?”

“But it is the Mad Dog.”

The Mad Dog was impossible to predict. People’s opinions were divided. People expected the Duke to immediately go to stop Roy but he turned and went to a nearby table. He picked up a knife from the table. It was a blunt knife for cutting salad.

Why that? The crowd questioned in their hearts and for some reason, they watched the Duke with anticipation. Hugo lightly threw and catch the knife a few times with one hand. Then he threw it at Roy’s back.

It happened in an instant.

“Hak!!” (Gasp)

“Kyaaa!”

Short screams broke out from here and there.

Roy was playing with the middle-aged nobleman like a cat playing with a mouse. The middle-aged man could not win against the threat from Roy’s stature and had hesitantly retreated till his back was against the pillar. He could not believe that nobody would help him. Roy pressed his arm against the pillar and threatened the middle-aged man like a scoundrel. The fact that the man was too scared to even think of issuing a challenge was Roy’s miscalculation.

The knife Hugo threw grazed Roy’s cheek and embedded itself in the pillar. Coincidentally, the place where the knife landed was next to the eye of the middle-aged man who was trembling against the pillar. The man foamed at the mouth and fainted.

Just before the middle-aged man passed out, Roy felt his cheek smarting and touched it only to find his hand smeared with red blood.

“Aish! Who did that!”

Roy yelled furiously and turned his head. And like that, he froze. The surrounding was quiet. Everyone was frozen.

Their eyes met and Hugo raised a finger towards Roy, beckoning him.

‘I’m dead.’

Translator’s Corner:

Threw down their gauntlet: issued a challenge.

1. Here Roy asks for his family name.

Support on Patreon for advance chapters.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 77 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Meeting People — > (4)

Roy swallowed hard. His eyes were clouded with despair. With a frozen expression like that of an expressionless doll, Roy turned and began to walk to his Lord. Roy’s flexible body moved robotically as if sound would come from his joints. He walked until he was two steps away from his Lord and knelt on the spot.

A hush fell over the crowd at the unbelievable sight. Most of the nobles in this place had heard of Duke Taran’s strength but they had not actually witnessed it. But they had witnessed Roy’s madness quite a lot. There were also many who had watched Roy’s duels. The man’s personality was insane but they all acknowledged that his skill was superior. One couldn’t help but trust what they saw with their own eyes.

Without realizing it, people began to think that maybe Roy Krotin’s skills were better than the Duke of Taran’s. They thought that even if Duke was his master, he would have a hard time taking the reins of Roy who ran around wild, like a crazy horse. However they realized they got it completely wrong.

For a moment there, people had forgotten. The Duke of Taran was the knight called the War’s Black Lion. His martial art’s greatness was acknowledge even more in enemy countries (1). In front of him, the bold ‘Mad Dog’ was like a frightened puppy. The weak-hearted women grew sympathetic, forgetting that they were just accusing Roy of being barbaric.

“In the time I haven’t seen you, you’ve learnt terrible jokes.” (Hugo)

It was a monotonous voice.

“Stand up.”

Roy leapt to his feet. He seemed like a new recruit that was full of spirit.

‘I’m going to get hit.’

Roy had a premonition. Roy’s premonitions were never wrong, even more so when it was a bad one. It was too scary when his master was angry. The aftereffects from one blow in the stomach would last at least a week. If it were a regular person, their internal organs would burst and they would die instantly. Even if it was himself, he wouldn’t be able to eat properly for a week and would have bloody stool. Roy lowered his gaze, waiting for his punishment but when no punishment arrived, he quietly lifted his head.

‘Oh...’

There was a familiar face beside his Lord. It was the Duchess. In the meantime, Roy was thinking, ‘There is something strange about a blue shawl on a pink dress.’

Lucia broke through the gathered crowd and went up to Hugo. She did not see Roy at the peak of his mischief and did not notice the strange atmosphere of the crowd. He was her destination and the only one in her eyes so she didn’t have time to look around.

When she looked into his eyes, the leftover prickly feeling from meeting those unpleasant people melted away into nothingness. Because she was happy, a laugh escaped her mouth. He immediately extend his arm and wrapped it securely around her waist.

It was thereafter that Lucia noticed Roy standing there.

“Sir. Krotin. It has been a while.”

Lucia felt that Roy was looking at her with a somewhat spirit-less gaze so she spoke carefully.

“Umm...the party is fun, isn’t it?”

It was perfunctory greeting.

‘ Kuk. ’ someone burst into laughter. The culprit was the King. Kwiz guffawed and broke into fits of laughter. People looked at the King roaring with laughter and one by one, they began to laugh too. Soon, the party venue was filled with the sound of loud laughter. Lucia was confused; she didn’t know why they were laughing.

‘Why are they laughing when I was just greeting him? Did I make a mistake?’

Hugo wrapped his arm around her shoulder and pulled her flustered figure into his bosom. He frowned at Roy who was standing funny and gave him a look signaling: Go back immediately and behave yourself.

Roy understood the unspoken command and quickly made himself scarce. Knowing his master’s nature, he wouldn’t call him back later to punish him for a previous situation.

‘I will not forget this debt, Milady.’

Roy praised Lucia to the skies. She was his life-saver. Roy was quickly making his way out of the party venue in jubilation then suddenly, he stopped. He turned to look at the woman he had just passed by. The woman stood alone at the entrance of the party hall where there were very few people. Her face was familiar but he couldn’t really remember where he had seen her before.

‘She gives off a bad smell.’

The women had a dreary aura around her, contrasting the merry atmosphere of the party and her gaze was fixed somewhere. There were many people gathered where she was looking at so it was impossible to tell who exactly she was looking at. Of all things, the ducal couple was among these people. For some reason, Roy had a bad feeling. He took a very close look at the woman then he turned away.

The middle-aged man who fainted was carried away somewhere by the servants. No one paid attention to the poor middle-aged man. People gathered around the pillar where the knife that the Duke of Taran threw was embedded and whispered amongst themselves. Seeing the knife embedded deep in the stone pillar with only the handle left, people looked on with awe and fear. Someone ‘generously’ tried to pull out the knife but it did not budge.

Later on, the construction expert that was called advised that the pillars could collapse if the knife was carelessly touched. Eventually, the knife was left alone, unremoved. In the future, it even became a specialty that foreign envoys visited to see at least once.

* * *

As the afternoon passed and it drew closer to evening, the people in the banquet hall increased. Once the day got completely dark, the crowd would move to the Outer Palace which was being prepared and the ball would begin.

After greeting, talking and smiling with people for half a day, Lucia felt like her facial muscles were in spasms. She couldn’t even remember who she had greeted. Because she had been standing continuously, her legs were sore and she wanted to collapse into a soft sofa and rub her legs.

Lucia’s social debut today was successful. People were practically lining up to greet Lucia. The King and Queen who should have been the protagonist of today, could only tolerate the attention which was focused on the Ducal Taran couple.

“Tired?”

Lucia was about to give her habitual reply of, “I’m fine” but she changed her answer to, “I’m a little tired.” She wanted to complain to him that it was hard.

“Shall we go back?”

For the words, ‘I’m tired’ to come out of her mouth which had ‘I’m okay’ sewn on it, she must really be having a hard time. Hugo grabbed her shoulders and pulled her into his chest. Leaning on him would help her reduce the weight on her legs a little. She was definitely very tired. She was usually uncomfortable with physical contact in public yet now she obediently leaned into his arms.

“But the ball hasn’t even started yet...”

“It’s fine, you’ve already stayed in the banquet hall for this long. It is hard for everyone to attend both events. In any case, I planned to just show my face in the ball and then go. We have tomorrow too.”

“Can we really go home?”

Hugo smiled. The word, ‘home’ warmed up his heart.

“Yes.”

While the ducal couple who were in their own world, people hovered in their vicinity but could not get close.

“...This is not a very rare sight, is it?”

No matter how many time Kwiz saw it, it was still fascinating. It was the Duke of Taran of all people! Expressing his affection in public with no hesitation! Is this an omen?!

Beth laughed as she listened to her husband’s mumbling.

“My Queen, you already knew so why didn’t you give me a hint?”

“Because I thought it would be interesting. This small thing can serve as a diversion for Your Majesty, can it not?”

Kwiz looked at Beth who was full of smiles and gave a small sigh. His wife was gradually becoming more tough and indifferent as she raised their three sons. These days, when he visited the back palace, he was secretly watched by the Queen. He also had three sons that would flip and pounce on him if he wronged their mother. If he didn’t want to be bullied in his old age, he had to build up his score from now on.

“What does my Queen think? Is Taran Gong being authentic, or acting out a play?”

“Is that important?”

The Queen was right. It was not important. The fact that the Duke of Taran expressed his affection for his wife in an official event was a silent warning to everyone: I am behind this woman so don’t try any nonsense. Of course, as the Lady of the Ducal House of Taran, she was in a position that no one could ignore. However it was on a different level when the Duke proclaimed himself as her strong shield.

“The Duchess will be quite busy.”

“Indeed.”

Everyone who came here knew that the shortcut to attacking the Duke of Taran was the Duchess. Many people were already looking at the Duchess with blazing eyes.

“But, what is Katherine doing that she doesn’t even show her face?”

“She hates this sort of event. Don’t you know? I’m sure she’ll come out for the evening ball.”

Kwiz clicked his tongue when he remembered his sister who always made him worry about when she would mature. They were both his sisters but why were they so different? Because they had different mothers? It was a thought he had had before but here he was, having it again. He had to find a suitable bridegroom for his sister but the problem was, there was no one suitable.

Translator’s Corner:

This isn’t exactly martial arts. I wasn’t sure what else to use. It’s referring to his skill in battle. His fighting prowess, etc.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Meeting People — > (5)

The carriage arrived at the Ducal residence. A servant opened the door from outside but Hugo could not get up. His wife was in deep sleep on top of his legs.

She was fine when they were going to the palace in the carriage but this time, not too long after they entered into the carriage, she began to nod off and when he moved to seat next to her, she leaned on him and quickly fell asleep.

‘She must have been very nervous. And tired too.’

She was admirable. She handled herself purposefully on that big stage without making a single mistake. Since he had stuck to her today as if showing her off, no one would dare try to touch her. He could not gather people together and warn them like he did in the north. So today, he warned people using his actions: If you want to touch the Duchess, remember that the Duke of Taran is behind her.

Her hair was pinned well at the party but as she lay on his lap on the way home, a part of it got loose. Hugo enjoyed the feeling of running his fingers through her soft flowing hair. His expression as he looked at his wife was undeniably gentle. The moment was so peaceful that he wished it could last forever.

In order not to wake her up, he carefully wrapped his arm around her back and weaved him arm under her leg then he lifted her into his embrace. He entered the mansion with her in his arms and climbed up the stairs to the bedroom. As he placed her on the bed, Lucia who was in deep sleep a moment ago, blinked her eyes.

“Hugh.”

Hugo took her outstretched hand and pressed his lips to her palm.

“We’re home.”

She blinked a few more times, staring at him vacantly and gradually, her sight became clearer.

“...I unknowingly fell asleep.”

Thanks to the short sleep, her mind felt more refreshed. She began to sit up and Hugo took her hand, helping her up.

“Could I have made a mistake I didn’t know about today?”

“Not at all.”

“Phew...thank goodness.”

Lucia grabbed the robe at the bedside to call for the maid then she came down from the bed. She wanted to take off her weighty dress. As soon as the maid came in, she asked the couple about dinner.

“I’m not in the mood. What of you?” (Lucia)

“I’m not in the mood either.”

The maid bowed and withdrew from the bedroom.

“Earlier...at the banquet hall. Sir. Ramis tried to give me a letter. I refused.”

Lucia rejected the letter but rumors in the social circle were unpredictable. Before her husband chanced upon some distorted rumor somewhere, she told him in passing as if it was a trivial matter.

“What?”

Hugo’s face distorted in a frown. That bastard dared to ignore his warning.

‘What exactly is Fabian doing?’

How long had it been since he asked him to investigate and find out everything?! The innocent Fabian who worked hard day and night was caught in the crossfire.

“Nothing happened so don’t be upset with the Duke of Ramis.” (Lucia)

The Duke of Ramis and the Duke of Taran were both supporting and assisting the King. Lucia didn’t know a lot about politics but she knew that much. It would be problematic if these two powerful men became estranged because of a minor emotional issue.

“I’m worried that your work would be affected because of a minor issue.” (Lucia)

“You don’t have to worry about anything.” (Hugo)

If it was in the past, he would get rid of something once it became an eyesore. He didn’t care what happened afterwards. Even if it was the Duke of Ramis himself instead of the Duke’s eldest son, he would not give a damn. If he caused trouble, someone would have to deal with the aftermath but so what. He didn’t care what became of the family and to him who only lived to kill time, there was nothing in the world that he was afraid of.

However, it was different now. There was an existence he had to protect. In order to protect his wife from all the hardships of the world, he also had to protect his family, its power and its wealth.

“Well, indeed. I dare say you know very well what to do.” (Lucia)

Hugo looked at her, who was smiling lightly, and hugged her from behind, placing a kiss on the back of her neck.

“You don’t have to worry, but you can worry.”

“Huh?”

Even though he wanted to completely protect her so that she wouldn’t have any worries or concern, he wanted her to worry about him. He couldn’t explain his complicated feelings even to himself.

When he didn’t add anything after saying those puzzling words, Lucia just laughed it off.

* * *

After taking a simple bath and changing his clothes, Hugo went into the office. There was always a pile of work to be done. He looked through the couple of documents that he could examine quickly and signed his approval.

There was a light tapping on the door to the office and Hugo could sense someone come in. He still did not take his eyes off the paperwork.

“Master.”

When he heard a voice that wasn’t Jerome’s but a middle-aged woman’s, he lifted his eyes slightly.

“What is it?”

“Milady fell asleep while taking a bath. This doesn’t usually happen...”

If the maids could not wake her up no matter what, they would have to carry their Madam together and move her to the bed. Nevertheless, the maid came to inform Hugo. Her decision wasn’t wrong.

The Duke put down the document in his hand and gave an order, “You may withdraw and rest.”

After a while, Hugo entered the bathroom which was empty because all the maids had left. Lucia was asleep, soaking in the bathtub. Her nakedness shone brightly, submerged in the clear water. Hugo sat on the edge of the bathtub and rubbed her wet red lips with his finger. Even though it wasn’t possible, he subconsciously looked at his hand as if red water would be on it.

His gaze deepened as he watched her sleep like an innocent baby. Even though he was just looking at her, he felt a lump somewhere in his throat. It was a feeling that he couldn’t quite explain.

He rolled up his shirt and scooped her up from the water. He placed her on the towel that was spread on the bed and then wiped her wet body with another towel. In her dimly lit bedroom, her nakedness shone like the moon.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 78 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Meeting People — > (5)

When he was feeling her soft skin, the heat in his lower body was already rising. He kissed her slightly parted lips. He sucked on her lips a little then he bit her lower lips lightly and licked it. He tasted her lips over and over again then he put his tongue in her mouth. The inside of her mouth was hotter than usual. He swept his tongue over her teeth and traced the flesh in her mouth. At first, her tongue was unresponsive but as it kept touching his tongue, it began to move.

Lucia’s eyelashes trembled and she opened her eyes. She lifted her drooping arms and wrapped them around his neck. His gently moving tongue began to fiercely entangle with hers. Slopping sounds could be heard in the room. A faint moan escaped her throat.

“Hn...”

He kissed her for a long time, changing the intensity, sometimes deep, sometimes shallow, as if rummaging through her mouth with his tongue. With just his kiss, Lucia felt heated up and her sight grew blurry. Even after the kiss was over, his lips did not stop. He rained small kisses on her eyes, nose and ears. He gave her earlobe a light bite, licked the back of her ear, and trailed his kisses down her neckline. The feeling of his wet, soft kisses on her body made the insides of her leg feel tingly and strangely hot.

He grabbed her breasts causing Lucia to flinch and a sigh-like moan escaped her mouth. His fingers painlessly kneaded the mounds of her breasts, distorting them erotically in his palm.

Hugo stroked the tender breasts in his hands and busied himself licking her neck. He bit her round shoulders, licking and kissing the traces of his teeth-mark. The scent from her body was sweet. It was delicious. He wanted to taste everything. He wanted to keep licking her wet, soft skin. He engraved dense red traces on her white skin.

Mine. My woman.

He was seized by a mixture of intense possessiveness and desire. He swallowed her entire body inch by inch like a gourmet in front of a great feast. From the tip of her toe to the top of her forehead, there was no place his lips did not touch. Slowly and without any breaks, his lips sucked and his tongue licked. His large hands kneaded her entire body, at times, softly and at times, intensely.

Meanwhile all this time, the part that was stimulated the most, was the part that was neglected the most. Her breathing sped up and she squirmed, tormented with sweet pain. Lucia fought for her breath as if she was exhausted. His caresses and licks all over her body were tickling and at times, electrifying but he refused to give any further stimulation. The feeling of agonizing while a sensitive sensation was awakened in her body was ecstatic. It was tormenting but enjoyable. She wanted to continue doing more but she also wanted to hurry up and feel the pressure of his huge member filling up her body.

Sex with him was always unpredictable. The intensity of his caresses or the length of his time inside was always different. There were times where he only caressed enough to get the heat going, and there were times like today, where he took his time and worked on her and sometimes, she got so excited he could just insert it like that. She could not flat-out say that she liked or disliked either methods. No matter how much time passed, she was still unable to stand up to his skillful ways of stirring up her body.

He took one of her breasts into his mouth and sucked on it strongly as if inhaling it. At the sudden strong stimulus after the previous slow stimulations, Lucia couldn’t help but her cry out invitingly. His tongue lapped around her stiff nipple, biting it lightly before repeating again. Her waist shot up uncontrollably and something hot flowed from her already wet lower body. She watched him rise from the bed and when she saw that he was taking off his clothes, she turned away. Sometimes, she was bold enough to surprise herself but at other times, she was embarrassed to see him naked.

He grabbed her ankles, spreading her apart and positioning himself between her legs. Then an overwhelmingly strong force pierced through her narrow path in one go.

“Hk!”

Her pupils dilated and Lucia chose to breath. She felt dizzy. It was just a soft tantalizing touch but her breath was stifled at the sudden flood of intense stimulation. Her extremely sensitive inner walls squeezed tight as if rejecting the sudden invader.

Hugo spat out a sigh.

“Huu...loosen...up. You’re too tight.”

With only one penetration, Lucia felt a weak sense of climax and was filled with satisfaction. Her inner walls were in spasms and squeezed around his penis. Hugo snorted and whispered by her ear.

“How obscene. I just put it in and your body likes it so much.”

Lucia’s face caught on fire. Stimulated by shame, her body tightened on him causing him to let out a suppressed groan.

“Ngh.”

Serves him right. Lucia watched his expression and flexed her thighs. His eyes trembled. How fun. She wrapped her legs around his waist and tightly squeezed where their lower abdomens met.

“Vivian.”

He growled. Seeing her eyes sparkling with playfulness, Hugo’s lips curved oddly. She’s playing with me? He smirked and grabbed her thighs, pulling them apart. He pulled out, and swiftly rammed back in. As if a bell had gone off, her entire body reverberated with tingles.

“Ah!”

“I’ve wanted to do this like crazy since I picked you up at noon.”

It was the beginning of a fierce bout of sex that seemed to want eat up the other party. His strong, erect penis endlessly penetrated her tender flesh, tormenting her excited spot. The creases of her inner walls were lined with sensitive muscles that squirmed as if asking if they still had to endure.

Her white skin was flushed red and moistened with sweat. Sometimes, it was a weak cry, other times, it was a loud scream that rang out through the bedroom. Sweat from his moving muscles fell onto the sheets and also onto her body. Intermittently, a moan also came from his mouth. Halfway through, the two of them lost their senses. They only craved each other’s body and blended into one.

“Hng...Ang!

Her slender legs closed around his waist. His lips stubbornly pestered her neck while the movements of his waist never stopped. Whenever her sensitive breasts brushed against his chest, an electrifying feeling swept through her entire body.

She tried to hold onto his shoulder but her hand kept slipping on his sweat. Every time he thrust into her with his weight, she couldn’t help but scream. Her eyes were so heated up that they grew wet. Tears unconsciously rolled down her face. Just a little bit more! The wave of intense pleasure was about to come surging in.

His movements suddenly stopped. When she opened her eyes to look at him, his red eyes were slightly curved.

“Not yet.”

Hugo leisurely watched in appreciation as her amber eyes trembled in anger. She hit his sweat-covered shoulders causing him slight pain but he didn’t care. Once she had an orgasm, she got tired pretty quickly. He hadn’t yet tasted her to his satisfaction. He swept away the hair on her forehead with beady sweat and kissed her temple.

Lucia was anxious. The peak of pleasure was just a little further away. She tried to grind against where they were connected by moving her waist herself but she couldn’t even do that when his hips were firmly held in place.

What a selfish tyrant!

Even if she struggled, she was no match for him in strength anyways. When he didn’t move and just stayed inside her, the heightened stimulation slowly came down. But then, he shoved his member deeper.

“Ah!”

The stimulation from the thrust was too weak and short. Lucia felt his lazily smiling appearance was hateful and unbearable. He stayed still for a while then gave one heavy thrust and repeated the circle. Her whole body quivered in excitement but it was only up to there. She felt like she was going crazy. Whenever she gasped for breath and slackened her hold, he pulled out and thrust in heavily and every time, she had to squeeze her eyes tightly shut.

“...Do it...”

His eyes hardened when he heard her weak pleas flowing out.

“Please do it. Give me...go harder...”

His red eyes burst into flames. His slightly relaxed muscles grew taut. He placed his arms at the sides of her head for support and plunged into her moist insides. His hard rod roughly pounded her vaginal walls. Every time he thrust in and out, the stimulus from the friction made her cry.

“Ah! Ung!”

The strong stimulation, twice, thrice, three times in a row, brought her to climax in an instant. A pleasure akin to being struck by lightning swallowed her up. She clutched his arms tightly with her trembling hands. From the tip of her toes to the crown of her head, all her peripheral nerves were on edge. She dragged her finger, scratching down his arm. The mark from her nail scratching his arm drew a red line. A whimper-like moan escaped her mouth and her body trembled, her vagina going into severe spasms.

He stopped moving and took a rough breath. As the wave of pleasure subsided, Lucia realized he didn’t cum and made a long face. How much more would they do?

When he pulled out, Lucia flinched and shuddered.

“On your stomach.” (1)

He commanded hoarsely.

“Hugh. It’s hard for me today.”

“I know. I’ll finish soon.”

He made the overused promise that he never kept.

“Then, can we just do it this way? From the back is too...”

It reached too deep inside so the stimulation was too much. In that position, it felt as if she was suspended in the air and falling. That feeling was too hard to bear when she was tired.

When Lucia whined, he gave a little sigh and grabbed her ankles. When he tried to lift her legs over his shoulders, she was on the verge of tears this time.

“I don’t like that either. Today, I don’t want anything difficult. Hm?”

Hugo groaned loudly. His wife’s physical strength was too weak.

Actually, with a regular person as the standard, Lucia’s body was not weak. On the contrary, with the mere fact that she tackled Hugo on a daily basis, her body was healthier than normal people.

However, for Hugo’s standards, this was quite insufficient. He wanted to do this and do that, all night long. There were too many things he couldn’t do. With no other choice, he gathered her legs, placed it at his side and took a flanking position(2). It was his least favorite position because he couldn’t enter really deeply. But it was her favorite position because she liked moderate stimulations.

He settled himself down, found the narrow entrance hidden in her skin and pushed himself inside her fleshy entrance. As he slowly moved back and forth repeatedly, her eyes went red. Although the stimulation was weak, her pleasured expression was so cute that it was charming in its own way.

‘I’m going to have to get a miracle drug that increases physical strength.’

Hugo wondered what he had to do to be able to enjoy more of his wife and eat her up more often. His mind wandered for a moment but he got it back on track. The movements of his waist gradually grew faster. Below him, her body shook with his movements. He grabbed one of her legs, pulling it aside then placed it back to normal. He grabbed her hips and rammed in heavily.

“Aah! Hk...”

The stimulating sight of her reddish, wet eyes caused his waist to stiffen. He gasped for breath. The stimulation wasn’t enough. He lifted her buttocks and thrust in deep to the hilt. He drew out and thrust in deep again. The feeling of her insides squeezing him filled him with thrill. Lucia screamed as the view in front of her flickered. Again, he moved his waist, thrusting into her with strong force.

“Ah! No!”

When her deep insides were stimulated, Lucia broke out in tears. She already said she didn’t want it hard today!

Hugo clicked his tongue, suppressing the urge to penetrate her a few more times and released into her.

A moan escaped through his teeth and his sight grew hazy for a moment. When her body stopped trembling in pleasure, he took her into his embrace. He gently kissed her sniffling figure. He broke out in cold sweat, wondering how to appease his wife who was now glaring at him in anger.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (1)

[You seem to have fallen in love.]

The king’s words remained like a tenacious afterimage, refusing to disappear. While enjoying the aftertaste of messy sex, Hugo held her in his embrace and gently caressed her back. As he felt her smooth skin with his cold hands, he lost himself in thought.

Love. He acknowledged the connection between blood ties and strong feelings in the light of his experiences. But he didn’t understand the foolishness behind the belief that a man and a woman, who didn’t share an ounce of blood, could meet and have a relationship stronger than blood.

To him, a woman was just a partner for enjoyment. He did not disdain nor despise the women that rushed to him like moth to a flame for his wealth and power. It was a natural and reasonable trade wherein they exchanged with one another. Not only in his relationship with women, but in his life itself, it was continuity of constant trade.

His marriage was also the same. The beginning was definitely an excellent trade with no loss. Physical satisfaction was a bonus. His wife was a satisfactory trading partner.

But by the time he came to his senses, his emotional state was repeatedly plummeting and rising. From the moment he recognized his emotionally unstable state, he began walking a strange equilibrium of stability in instability. Tranquil satisfaction and torturous anxiety were coexisting in his mind.

‘How did it end up like this?’

Hugo looked back, retracing his steps.

‘I was too relaxed.’

Hugo was completely relaxed when it came to her. There was never a part of his wife that he was wary about. She was royalty but she had no relatives let alone ties with the royal family. She didn’t have personal desires like power or greed. In the eyes of a predator like him, she was a small herbivore with no teeth or claws. Her ability to fearlessly enjoy peace at his feet while being so awfully weak was fascinating. There was no one like her at his side until now.

It was a very comfortable feeling, the feeling of relief that he could relax and have no need to be wary. With the cozy peacefulness, his mind and body was at ease and he let down his guard. By the time he detected an abnormality, his feelings for her had already become a flowing stream. The more he denied it, the harder it was to turn back. It was not a stream that could be block off with a dam, it had become a gigantic sea.

In his cursed bloodline, a unquenchable thirst lay asleep within. Whether it was by chugging liquor, getting drunk on women, or even killing people, the thirst was not quenched however she was able to relieve that thirst. And at the same time, she gave him another overpowering thirst.

‘...Love?’

He could not define the tremendous changes in himself with that one word alone.

“...Speaking of me.”

Hugo thought she was asleep but he could hear her small whisper very clearly.

“If there was someone I wished would rather die.”

Lucia kept thinking of the Count of Matin, whom she met at the banquet hall. She overcame her fear of him but in place of that, her anger was pushed forward. The fact that she had suffered at the hands of such a vulgar pig made her feel angry and mortified. She gnashed her teeth at the thought that things might turn out opposite from the dream and he may not die. The fact that he was breathing under the same sky as her was revolting.

After speaking impulsively, Lucia regretted it. It was so abrupt and rash. When he asked her what was going on, Lucia despaired on how to reply. The moment she said those words, his hand on her back stopped moving but it was only for a moment. Her ear was on his chest and she could hear his calm heartbeat.

“How do you want me to kill them?”

He spoke lightly with a soft voice as though appeasing her.

“There are many ways to die. One can die from a disease, one can die from an accident, one can be killed by a suspicious person, one can die from an incident of blind passion, and one can die as a criminal. If you tie in a rebellion, even the family can disappear without a trace.”

“Tch...”

Lucia pouted because he seemed to be making fun of her. But her mind grew relaxed. She felt like a fool for wasting her emotions on reminding herself of that trash.

“Won’t you ask me who it is? That’s supposed to be the first thing.”

“I don’t care who it is but if it’s the King, that’s a little difficult right now. I need time.”

Lucia quickly sat upright. Her face had gone pale in the darkness.

“Are you crazy? How can you say that. If someone heard, you’ll die!”

“Who will kill me?”

He laughed arrogantly as though saying “even the King can’t kill me but I can.” Lucia looked at the man before her. He seemed like he would be confident even in the face of death and somehow, she felt drained of her strength. She felt like an idiot for making a fuss about nothing.

“Huu. Alright. I was wrong. I wasted my breath for nothing.”

As she grumbled and lay down again, Hugo chuckled and took her into his arms. He wasn’t joking or bluffing at all. If she asked him for his heart, he might even dig it out. If she really wanted it, was the King’s neck a big deal?

I’ve gone crazy. Hugo swallowed a bitter smile. He was out of his mind like this.

‘What could it be?’

Hugo’s red eyes shone dangerously. What could have caused darkness in her heart? He had never been reported of anything like that. He asked her what was going on and considered asking her who it was but he refrained. It was better to pass it over like a joke rather than questioning it seriously. He didn’t want her to carry darkness in her heart.

“If you hate someone and it hurts to endure.”

His whispering flowed into Lucia’s ear.

“Be sure to tell me.”

If there was darkness in her heart, he would take it all.

“...What will you do?”

“Who knows. What shall I do?”

He muttered slowly but Lucia somehow felt a very dangerous air.

“Promise me. That you will.” (Hugo)

“...I will.”

“But that won’t ever happen,” Lucia added. Then she went on to talk about how someone took a joke too seriously and how it’s not funny if a person is too serious. Hugo watched her babble on as if he was listening to a song then he kissed her lips and hugged her tightly.

It was dangerous. He knew that. The history books warned with facts as evidence of the harsh price to pay when a man went crazy for a women. How much had he ridiculed the numerous fallen kings that fell for a concubine and drove their country to ruin.

He truly did not know that a day would come, when he could understand their feelings.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 79 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (1)

The next day, Hugo received a summon from the King and left in the afternoon. Knight Dean was decided as her escort/guard for the evening ball.

Antoine arrived just when Hugo was leaving the mansion and bowed in greeting but Hugo’s gaze on her bowing figure was sharp. He didn’t have time right now but he planned on visiting the boutique sometime and informing her on the requirements to take note of when making future dresses. It would be both an advice and a warning.

He considered cutting her off but the dress that Antoine made suited his wife very well. He enjoyed seeing his wife shining beautifully. It was okay to look beautiful and noble. But it should not stimulate lecherous feelings. Hugo found standards within his own contradictions.

For today, Antoine brought a blue satin dress. Today’s dress was more daring that yesterday’s. If Hugo saw it, he would have lost his temper and screamed for it to be taken off immediately. But unfortunately, Hugo was meeting with the King in a very heavy mood.

The top of the dress was crossed diagonally with folds. It covered from the right of the waist to the left chest, stretching to the left shoulder and over the back. Then it covered from the left of the waist to the right chest, stretching to the right shoulder and over the back. The collarbone and round shoulder-line was breathtakingly exposed. Instead of sleeves, jewel buttons with fingernail-sized blue sapphire decorated her shoulders.

Even though the lower back was less exposed compared to yesterday, the breast line was wider and deeper than yesterday’s dress. It was breathtaking even though the cleavage was not exposed. The same fabric was wrapped around the waistline neatly, giving it a seemingly slender effect. The train of the dress was made of multiple layers to give it a rich feel and the back of the dress was exaggerated and drawn long for an elegant feel. The back waist was decorated with a big lace ribbon. Overall, it was a dress that gave a simple yet luxurious feeling. Lucia in the dress looked like a blue rose flower.

Looking at the mirror, Lucia thought to herself:

‘He won’t like it very much.’

He was a conservative husband that covered her with a shawl when her back was exposed. She couldn’t cover herself with a shawl in the ballroom unlike yesterday. Looking at Antoine’s expression, the woman was just thrilled with the dress she made. Lucia laughed inwardly. She had a feeling that a chance would come to turn around the contract that she signed on the first day that Antoine came.

“For the finishing touch, Duchess’ jewelry.”

Lucia had discussed with Antoine about what jewelry would fit the dress. Antoine wanted to know what jewelry the Duchess had, for reference in the direction of making future dresses. Apart from the jewelries he bought from Sepia Jewelry, Lucia only had the two diamond necklaces that he gave her as a present. Seeing them, Antoine looked like she was about to faint and declared that she would make a dress suitable for the two necklaces.

“The white diamond necklace will suit this very well.”

The necklace that had practically been gathering dust since it was received, was put on her neck. The necklace with hundreds of dangling beady diamonds, wrapped around Lucia’s white neck. It adorned her neck that looked desolate because of the deep-cut breast line and suited the dress so well that it looked like it was originally one set with the dress.

‘I thought this necklace was very heavy.’

When she first got it as gift and put around on her neck, she felt like she was suffocating on the weight. But now, wearing the necklace today, it was unexpectedly not heavy. Rather, its moderate heaviness gave her a sense of stability.

Lucia arrived at the event a little while past the beginning of the ball. The noblewomen flocked around Lucia in an instant.

“Oh my goodness. Duchess. You are beautiful today as well.”

The ladies could not take their eyes off the sparkling diamond necklace on Lucia’s neck. The gap was so big that rather than envying her, they were in admiration. The noblewomen that witnessed the affection of the ducal couple yesterday did not doubt that the expensive diamond necklace contained the affection of the Duke.

“The Duchess of Taran?”

It was a slightly high toned and sharp voice. The loudly chattering women shut their mouth instantly. People split apart like dividing water and one woman made her way through the division.

A gorgeous, beautiful blonde with a haughty expression and pride in her stance. Lucia’s eyes quivered slightly.

“I finally get to meet you. You went back early yesterday.”

Katherine, blood sister of the King. The real princess and sole recipient of proper precious and noble treatment amongst the overflowing princess. The King truly loved his younger sister. Without selling her off in a strategic marriage, he married her off to a very rich Count that wasn’t corrupted in the complicated political battle. It was an measure taken after grasping the nature of his extravagant, complex and careless sister.

Lucia was fortunate enough to be hired as a maid, without any work experience, by a big noble family such as the Count Alvin house. When she became a maid and greeted her Madam, her memories came to her anew. When Lucia was the Countess of Matin, Princess Katherine married the Count of Alvin. The Madam that Lucia was to serve was Princess Catherine, who had become a Countess.

Princess Katherine was an unforgettable person. Lucia had always looked on enviously at Katherine who was loved by her brother and raised her head high in the social circle. It was not pessimism about why their circumstances were different even though they were both princesses. Lucia did not have time to build her self-esteem as a princess. She was not aware of herself as a princess. Lucia was not envious of Katherine’s life as a luxurious princess but of the fact that Katherine had a family she could rely on.

Katherine naturally did not recognize Lucia. Even if she did, she was in a position to feign ignorance. The Countess of Matin, Vivian, was a fugitive member of a family of rebellious criminals. Even though she wasn’t being chased because there was no trace of her, she couldn’t reveal herself openly.

Katherine was quite a picky master but she was not overly particular. In her own way, private and public matters were distinctly separated. Well-acquainted with the habits of the noblewomen due to her experience, Lucia worked silently and diligently with tact. Thanks to that, she won Katherine’s trust and was placed in charge of waiting on her on everything and following her to numerous parties. Lucia received the jealousy of other maids but she was able to work steadily with high pay.

Katherine, at the time, was the queen of the social circle. There was no one that dared to challenge Katherine who was backed by her husband’s riches and the strong power of her family. Except for one person: The Duchess of Taran. Therefore, Katherine was antagonistic towards the Duchess of Taran. Katherine was the source of the marriage secret of the Ducal Taran couple.

“Greetings to the Princess. I am Vivian.”

Lucia bowed her head in greeting. The noblewomen who were secretly anticipating a fight between the two princesses were disappointed. They didn’t think the Duchess of Taran would easily step down first.

Katherine looked at Lucia with a strange gaze and closed her fan.

“You don’t need to be so formal. In any case, Duchess is a Princess as well. Argumentatively, it’s better to be ‘Duchess’ than ‘Princess’.”

There was no hostility in her cold voice. Katherine sensed at a glance that the Duchess was not a threat to her position in the social circle. Although Katherine could give up the Duke of Taran, she could not give up her seat as the queen of the social circle.

“We don’t even know about each other. But still, we are sisters. To be fair, I still don’t know anyone else. Nor do I plan on finding out.” (Katherine)

“Actually, I also don’t know anyone but His Majesty and you, Princess.” (Lucia)

“You don’t need to know other than that.”

Lucia smiled a little.

Katherine was not that cold unlike how she sounded. In the dream, Lucia had saved enough money to buy a small house and quit her job as a maid. When she told the head maid that she was quitting, Katherine later called Lucia, a mere servant, to think it over again. She didn’t offer it again when Lucia confirmed her intention to quit but on the night before she left, Katherine asked Lucia to have a drink with her. Lucia was really surprised back then.

She sat on the sofa opposite her Madam and received a wine glass personally from her Madam. Katherine had already had a few glasses before Lucia came so she was a little intoxicated. ‘What will you do when you quit, do you have a family, are you going to marry’, she mumbled, asking about this and that. Then she said:

[When I went to parties, there was a child I always watched. I don’t know when it started, but the child that kept coming to parties stood out to me.] (TN: not a literal child, someone younger)

Lucia listened silently to Katherine’s incoherent speech.

[I never shared a word with the child. But every time I saw the child, I felt strange. The child had heavy wooden expression that didn’t suit the merry party atmosphere and it was irritating. I thought I didn’t like the child.]

Katherine’s grumbles grew longer as she tilted her wine glass.

[Then from one day onwards, I did not see the child. When I looked into it, the child was my sister. I heard she was swept up in His Majesty’s cleanup of his political enemies. When I heard she had gone missing with her life and death unknown...How do I put this?]

Katherine stopped talking and gave a sigh-like laugh. Lucia was indifferently listening to Katherine’s words but gradually, her eyes began to tremble.

[I don’t know. I’m also not sure what my feelings were. ‘I should have talked to her’. I had such thought. She isn’t that much younger than me but in my memory, she hasn’t changed from how I last saw her so I end up referring to her as child. If she was alive, she would have been much older. I heard she was found dead sometime after she went missing.]

Listening to Katherine, Lucia realized why no one was chasing after her. She didn’t know how it happened but Countess Vivian was processed as dead.

[Speaking of you. You look a lot like that child. So I keep thinking about her.]

Katherine, who drunkenly closed her eyes, did not see Lucia who was trembling like she was about to cry.

[She had very pretty reddish brown hair....whenever I see your black hair, I think....]

Katherine did not complete her sentence and fell asleep on the sofa. Lucia called another maid and together, they carried their Madam to bed. She cleaned up the mess from the bout of drinking, and on her last day, it was almost dawn when she returned to her bedroom.

Lucia cried until the crack of dawn. It was the first time she cried so much since her mother died. She understood why she could be hired, without any recommendation or work experience, as a maid of the Count Alvin household. It was likely because of Katherine’s interference.

Lucia always thought that she was an abandoned existence, unwelcome anywhere. But there was someone who remembered her and hurt for her. It comforted her greatly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (2)

“Did you come alone? What of your husband?” (Katherine)

“His Majesty called for him so I came first. He said he’d come later.” (Lucia)

“He’s a busy person.”

“Yes.” (Lucia)

Katherine smiled and looked at Lucia who was answering amiably with a strange look in her eyes. Why’s she like this? Katherine was confused.

Katherine was used to people who outwardly bowed their head while they were uncomfortable inside. If a cultured noblewoman was someone who spoke softly and in a roundabout way, then Katherine was not cultured in that sense. The noblewomen were often hurt by Katherine’s blunt manner. However, there was no one that could say anything to Katherine. Even if she didn’t fix it, it was not troubling enough to cause her problems. So Katherine didn’t care whether others were uncomfortable or not. In any case, they were all the same in front of her, bowing their heads and smiling at everything.

‘Her personality is quite mild. Very different from elder brother and I.”

Katherine was very curious about the Duchess of Taran who was a Princess. She didn’t purposely avoid the Duchess but there hadn’t been a chance to meet her. The both of them had different range of activities. Katherine never went to tea parties.

‘The flower of parties is the ballroom.’ (TN: The highlight.)

A tea party where you sit quietly and drink tea in broad daylight did not suit Katherine at all. She thought that she would meet the Duchess yesterday and went with a prepared mind, only to hear that the ducal couple attended only the celebratory event and went back home. Today, she came with expectations that she would definitely meet the Duchess.

‘I’ll control the momentum.’

Katherine came with a determined mood. However, as soon as she saw the Duchess, her burning battle spirit faded away. It was not an opponent to fight. Her fighting spirit was gone.

“Let’s talk a little more. Shall we go somewhere quiet?” (Katherine)

“Yes? Yes.” (Lucia)

Katherine walked ahead and when she turned back slightly, she saw the Duchess quietly following her. Katherine turned her head forward again and smiled slightly. The two of them walked a little further away then they reached a hallway that was scarce with people.

‘My shoes feel a little tight.’

Lucia frowned slightly. It wasn’t obvious when she only took a few steps but now that she had walked a bit more, her foot felt uncomfortable.

“This is my break room. I’m the only one that uses it.”

It was a privilege that only Princess Katherine enjoyed. The break room was comfortably furnished on a smaller scale compared to the shared break room. In the middle, there was a large sofa where one could lay down and even the legs could fit on it. But the two of them could not sit comfortably because their dresses might get ruined so they perched slightly on the small sofa.

“Do you drink?”

“I can’t drink much.”

“Alright. Non-alcoholic champagne it is.”

Katherine ordered the handmaid that followed her inside. After a while, the handmaid brought glasses and champagne. Katherine sent the handmaid away with a hand gesture and the two of them were left alone.

“You stayed in the fief after getting married. Was there a lot to see in the north?” (Katherine)

“It can’t compare to the capital. It was a nice and quiet place.” (Lucia)

“How is the social circle in the north? Are balls held often?”

“I’m not sure, I’ve never gone to one before.”

“Why?”

“It’s not to my tastes. I’m not a very active person.”

Katherine was a little disappointed. It would have been nice to see the Duchess at balls more often. There were cases when a noblewoman’s preference in social activities was very obvious and defined. There were people who only enjoyed the ballroom like Katherine, and there were people who only liked small and quiet meetings like a tea party. Although upon close scrutiny, one could tell that balls were a big part of influencing the social circle.

“So you aren’t agreeable with this party then.” (Katherine)

“I can’t not show up at all.” (Lucia)

“True. You can’t do that. You are the Duchess after all.”

Katherine’s sharp words sounded cold. It was a tone that made one wonder if they had made her angry. She was a princess that was supported even if she didn’t speak nicely. There was no need for her to fix it. Although her words were straightforward, she just had a lot of pride and competitive spirit but she wasn’t a bad person. Lucia was envious of Katherine’s confidence because she didn’t knowing how scary the world was and sometimes, she felt it was cute.

“What brand is your dress?” (Katherine)

“Designer Antoine made it.”

“Antoine? Hmm. It’s a little different from what she makes...I don’t wear Antoine. It’s not to my liking.”

“The dress you’re wearing suits you very well.”

Lucia laughed evasively. Katherine wasn’t criticizing the dress she was wearing, it was just that she didn’t like the brand so she said so. There was no malice but she said what she wanted to say as if she was thinking aloud. It was this particular manner of speaking that her sister-in-law, Queen Beth, hated very much.

“The necklace is lovely. Excellent taste. Did you pick it yourself?” (Katherine)

“No. I got it as a gift.”

“I believe the gifting person is the Duke?”

“Yes.”

There was envy in Katherine’s eyes as she carefully looked at the necklace. She pestered her brother when she wanted to buy jewelry but she felt bad about it. She couldn’t even think of getting an extravagant article like what the Duchess was wearing. Lucia knew how much Katherine loved jewelry, especially diamonds.

“If you like it, I can lend you anytime.”

“...You’ll lend the necklace? I thought you said it was a gift.”

“There’s no reason not to lend it because it was a gift.”

Katherine felt strange. After her mother passed away, the only person that showed her unconditional favor was her brother. Her sister-in-law was not a bad person but their personalities didn’t go along well. However, today, her half-sister that she was seeing for the first time was showing incomprehensible good will. If it was someone else, she would wonder what they were trying to get but the Duchess of Taran had nothing to get from Princess Katherine. Perhaps it was even the opposite.

Katherine liked the Duchess. She wanted to get close to her. It was the first time that Katherine had such a feeling towards another person.

“...It’s fine. I’m not shameless to that extent.” (Katherine)

Katherine stared quietly at Lucia as she drained her cocktail glass.

“To be honest, I used to like His Grace the Duke of Taran a lot.”

Lucia smiled. She knew. Katherine’s feelings towards the Duke of Taran was like a naïve young miss who went from girl to woman with a small, cute first love. A part of the reason why the Katherine in her dream was so antagonist towards the Duchess of Taran was because of such delicate feelings.

“Although I know such words are impolite.” (Katherine)

“It’s alright. It didn’t offend me.”

Katherine looked at Lucia for a while then she chuckled.

“You’re an interesting person. It’s my first time seeing someone like you, Duchess. How do I put this? You make one feel comfortable. Did the Duke kidnap you to his fief because he was attracted to that side of you?”

Hearing the rumor that she wished to forget, Lucia had an awkward expression as she fiddled with her empty glass.

“Everyone is curious about the Duke of Taran. Although they’re curious, there’s no one to ask. After all, there was no one in the Taran family that was active in the social circle. However, now, Duchess is here. It’s going to get quite annoying in the future.”

“Yes...”

“As a matter of fact, I’m also curious. What type of person is he? You know the best since you’ve lived together for more than a year.”

Lucia suddenly realized. She had been married to him for more than a year. She had absolutely no idea that her marriage with him would be so smooth. What type of person is he? It was a difficult question. She still didn’t know him very well.

[How do you want me to kill them?]

Why did his scary words from last night sound so sweet to her? His curt manner of speaking was unchanged but listening to him, something in Lucia’s ear stopped working. Lucia’s heart pounded with a trivial phrase from him.

“He is a...caring person.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 80 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (2)

TN: LMFAO, I didn’t realize I left the dancing bunny up. OMG. . Short one. I’ll try to get the next one out asap~

Katherine wanted to tease the Duchess who had an innocent look on her face.

“He’s just caring? Even in bed?”

“Huh?”

Katherine swallowed her laughter as she watched Lucia’s face flush red in surprise. It was a fresh reaction that she hadn’t seen in a long time. Katherine was single but she was a woman that enjoyed the night. Even if she didn’t play around promiscuously, she had a few experiences and didn’t blink an eye at mild dirty talk.

“You didn’t hear this sort of thing at tea parties, did you? There are only stiff noblewomen there.”

Lucia nodded her head. Even though she went to a lot of balls in her dream, she didn’t hear such talk. There was no one she was close enough to have such an explicit conversation with and she usually attended the parties before midnight.

A ball that occurred from late night until dawn was a liberated zone of desire. In particular, a truly wild party began from midnight. Past midnight, the conversation of women who were moderately drunk on alcohol and drunk on the mood were highly inappropriate.

After getting married, Katherine, who was the Countess of Alvin, played her role as a gentle Countess. In the mansion, she held the tea parties she hated so much and did not go out to midnight balls. Even though Lucia attended numerous balls in her dream as a Countess and as a maid, she had never experienced a midnight ball.

“Although, if you don’t stay in a ball till dawn, you won’t hear such talk. Still, just in case of another time. If you hear such talk, just pass it over with a smile. Like it’s nothing. Don’t blush or look embarrassed.” (Katherine)

“Okay.”

“This is advice for the sake of your husband. If a married noblewoman is bashful, people won’t take it as virtuous. They’ll just gossip away as they like. That’s how rumors are made.”

“...What rumors?”

“His Grace the Duke isn’t able to get it up at night.”

“What? No!”

“No?” Katherine smiled in response.

Lucia’s face screamed red. She remembered the night before and her face heated up. He was never a gentleman. Especially in bed, he was both tender and merciless. The more she thought about it, the redder her face got. Katherine laugh cheerfully as she watched Lucia who was unable lift her head.

“This won’t do. Do you want me to teach you a few things?”

“...What things?”

“It’s all helpful knowledge if you listen.”

Katherine’s knowledge was at an expert level compared to her experience in the nightlife pleasure between a man and a woman. Katherine was not thoughtless enough to have such conversation with just anyone. It was just that she felt intimate affection towards Lucia.

They were both in important positions so they could not be absent and chattering for long. After some time, they left the break room and Lucia’s expression was flushed. She had really learned a lot in a short time today.

As they were heading back to the party hall together, Katherine discovered someone and her eyes grew sullen.

The woman stopped walking, waiting for the Princess to pass and when Katherine approached her, she bowed her head.

“It’s been long time since I saw you, Countess.” (Katherine)

“...Yes. Greetings to the Princess.” (Countess)

“Is it that you don’t know who is by my side?” (Katherine)

Her words were sharper than necessary. Sensing this, Lucia secretly glanced at Katherine’s expression.

“...Greetings to the Duchess. I am Anita Falcon.”

Lucia didn’t know she would end up greeting the woman this way. She hid her deep discomfort and accepted the greeting.

“What brought you out? Did you need a man to warm the bed?”

Lucia felt Katherine’s words were too much. She saw Anita’s lips trembling as she bowed her head.

“Are my words unpleasant?” (Katherine)

“...No. Princess. As a subject, I just wanted to congratulate His Majesty, the King on becoming the Lord of our country...”

“Enough. That’s obvious. Go.”

With her head bowed deeply, Anita quickly walked away.

Lucia was unfamiliar with Katherine’s hostility. It was her first time seeing Katherine explicitly dislike someone. In her dream, Katherine confronted the Duchess of Taran but she did not insult her to her face.

“I don’t think there’s much chance of this happening but that woman. The Countess of Falcon. Her third husband, the Count, is dead so she’s an unmarried Countess. Don’t get close to her. There’s no need to even say a word to her.”

“May I ask why?”

“She is a vulgar woman. Just know that there is nothing to gain from associating with her.”

Katherine didn’t think it was bad for a man and a woman to enjoy themselves freely. Even if the person concerned was a married man, she wasn’t one to point fingers at what others were doing. However, for a noblewoman to throw herself at another to get something was unacceptable to Katherine’s standards. It was the act of a cheap prostitute. The Countess of Falcon was a woman who did such a thing.

It was after Katherine’s 18-year-old birthday that her older brother began to allow her to enjoy late night parties. The woman who was acting as queen bee before Katherine began to earnestly rampage through ballrooms was the Countess of Falcon. Katherine was also unhappy with this fact. She would rather have crushed the woman in a head-on collision but the Countess suddenly fell off the surface one day and did not show up in the social circle after that.

The biggest reason why Katherine was antagonistic towards Anita was because of her scandal with the Duke of Taran. She thought that the woman waved her cheap body around and seduced the Duke of Taran. But she couldn’t tell that fact to the Duchess so she vaguely glossed over it.

‘Don’t tell me the Duke of Taran is still meeting with her?’

If so. Katherine couldn’t do anything to the Duke of Taran with her own abilities but she was prepared to embarrass the Countess of Falcon so much that she couldn’t show her face anywhere again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (3)

When Katherine and Lucia returned to the party hall, the Queen made her entrance. Beth was more than a little surprised to see the two sisters coming to greet her together. It was an odd combination. Inwardly, she was worried that the two of them might have had quite the rough start when they met. The Duchess’ character didn’t worry her, Katherine was the problem.

“Duchess. Princess Katherine is used to speaking comfortably. Please understand.”

Beth tried to excuse Katherine’s mistakes; she didn’t have to see it for herself, it was obvious. Katherine’s counterattack came right away.

“Your Highness the Queen is lacking in energy these days. Yesterday must have been hard, I see wrinkles under your eyes.”

“Ho...ho-ho. Of course. I’m older now.”

Lucia suppressed a smile as she looked at Beth who was forcefully smiling with a protruding vein on her forehead.

The atmosphere of the party ripened in earnest. The musicians took their place and began to perform pavane, minuet and passepied in rotation. Every time the music changed, the men and women formed pairs and went to the vacated center of the dance hall to dance. One after another, the noblewomen who were gathered around Lucia and the Queen, stepped away after receiving a dance request. Katherine also stepped away after receiving the request of some young man.

“Would you please give me the honor of having a dance with a beautiful lady?”

Lucia looked at the hand held out to her then she looked up. It was a man she had never seen before. He looked like he was in his middle twenties. With black hair and a gentle smile, he was an attractive man that gave a moderately favorable impression.

In a ballroom, accepting a dance request and dancing was nothing more than having a simple conversation, there was no need to reveal one’s specific status. The noblewomen at her side began encouraging her when they saw that she was still just looking.

“Go ahead. Duchess should have a dance on a day like this.”

“Oh yes. The Duchess’ elegant dancing will make the ball more interesting.”

“He’s Count Yungran, very popular with the single women.”

Whether he was popular or not didn’t matter to Lucia. She was only just attending but she didn’t think it would be very good to be too passive in the party. Lucia took the unfamiliar man’s hand and stepped out onto the dance hall. A minuet was played. Lucia placed her arms on the man’s shoulders and began to move slowly to the music.

“You, my lady, are shining like the brightest and most elegant flower today. You are really beautiful.”

“...You flatter me.”

The man’s stereotypical compliment didn’t sound very interesting to Lucia. The man’s hand on her waist kept bothering her and the smell of his perfume was unfamiliar. She kept comparing him to her husband. And her husband seemed to have a bigger lead.

‘It looks like I stepped out for nothing.’

Lucia was already regretting it before the music verse ended. It was too boring. Moreover, her shoe was chafing and hurting her heel. Because she moved more often as she danced, she seemed to have bruised herself. Every time she took a step, it throbbed with pain so Lucia gradually voided her face of expression.

The atmosphere of the ball was ripe. When the King and other important figures arrived, people stirred. They bowed deeply to the King as he passed, showing their respect. The King walked through the path made by the crowd and approached the Queen. The Queen payed her respects to the King and greeted the retainers of the King.

Hugo quickly looked for his wife but no matter where he looked, he couldn’t see his wife near the Queen.

“Where is my wife?”

At his side, Kwiz squeezed out a wry smile. The sight reminded him of his son when he was looking for his mother. Beth smiled softly and turned her head towards the center of the hall.

“Oh no, Gong . Your wife has been stolen.” (Kwiz)

Kwiz cheerfully explained the situation.

“...I see.”

‘I’m definitely firing that woman.’

Hugo had never changed his mind so often in a short period of time when hiring someone. He firmly made up his mind as soon as he saw his wife’s dress. As of today, the designer was fired. To think she’d make his wife wear such a piece of cloth. It was unacceptable.

Compared to other noblewomen, Lucia’s exposure was definitely not too much. However, even if another women were to dance naked, it was different for Hugo. His eyes only saw her exposed chest and the fair skin on her back. The sparkling necklace was almost covering her neck, hindering the exposure as much as possible, but it was not enough for his standards. Rather, the bright skin beneath the necklace seemed more conspicuous.

His wife was beautiful. She looked noble and grand. But at the same time, she made him aroused. Hugo reach a judgement according to his very selfish principles. This was a definite no-no.

If it wasn’t for the bum with a hand on his wife’s waist and spinning her in a circle, his mood wouldn’t be so terrible. Hugo quietly stared at one pair ―to be exact, the man― out of the several pairs that were dancing in the center of the hall. The first minuet was stolen from him. To an act that nobody gave meaning to, Hugo gave significance and burned with anger and shock.

Kwiz’s expression was strange as he watched Hugo whose gaze was transfixed at the center of the hall. The Duke’s expression was cold as always as he stared at his wife. Kwiz thought that the Duke of Taran may be someone whose emotional part of the brain was missing. The man was stingy with emotions and his expression was always indifferent and cold. However, recently, the Duke’s mask weakened when the Duchess was involved. His expression was outwardly calm but something was obviously roaring from within.

‘This is completely serious. What the hell happened in the north this past year?’

Kwiz carefully scrutinized the Duchess in the blue dress. No matter how he looked at her, he couldn’t find any clue. She wasn’t ugly but he didn’t feel the charm of a temptress from her. Her slender figure may stimulate the protective instincts of young men new to the fairer sex, but for men who knew a fair amount of women, they were more attracted to voluptuous and captivating women. This was exactly the kind of women that the Duke of Taran had dated in the past.

“What are you thinking about so seriously?” (Kwiz)

“I am debating whether to kill that bastard.” (Hugo)

The atmosphere in the vicinity instantly went cold. The Duke’s grandeur when he handled the ‘Mad Dog’ Krotin yesterday was still firmly impressed in people’s minds. Within those casual words of his, people felt the threat of death. Their expressions turned ghastly pale.

‘Taran Gong is going crazy.’

Kwiz was nervous. His reign was just beginning and it was already facing a crisis.

“... Gong . Calm down. Do you mean to see blood on this King’s crowning celebration?”

When Kwiz spoke seriously, Hugo turned to look at Kwiz slightly then he returned his gaze to the dance hall. The damn minuet was taking too long. His patience was gradually wearing out as he waited for the dance to come to an end.

“I’m joking.” (Hugo)

“...I’d rather you don’t joke like that.”

It was so scary that he got goosebumps.

“The highlight of the ball is the dance. Why are young people so conservative?” (Kwiz)

“I know right? It would seem I am conservative. Perhaps I should throw down the gauntlet once.” (1)

Hugo had never challenged someone to a duel for such a ridiculous reason. He thought it was a very useless endeavor but he was tempted to try it.

“...”

That was no different from saying he would kill the man. Kwiz cleared his throat a few times to clear up the dreary atmosphere. Just in time, the minuet came to an end. He couldn’t be more thankful. Looking at the Duke of Taran quickly heading towards the Duchess, Kwiz put on a sour face.

A world that moved according to plan was quite boring. Variety to some extent was the vibrancy of life. It was only just yesterday that Kwiz found the Duke’s change to be interesting. However, as time went by, he felt that this wasn’t good. It was too big of a variable. It wasn’t predictable at all.

‘It isn’t good if he’s too carried away by personal feelings...’

While worrying, Kwiz’s eyebrows were raised as he looked over the crowd.

‘Who is that bastard?’

His sister, Katherine, did not even come to greet her brother when he arrived yet she was chatting with some shameless bastard at the corner. Kwiz called a servant immediately.

Translator’s corner:

1. Remember: throw down the gauntlet means issuing a challenge.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 81 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (3)

After the music ended, Lucia and the man she was dancing with bowed to each other. Lucia was hypersensitive about her smarting heel so whatever the man was saying was flowing out through one ear.

‘I have to ask the maid to bring me another pair of shoes.’

In the case of an emergency, items such as gloves that dirtied easily and heeled shoes that could break were kept in the carriage for basically, emergency use. When her feet hurt a little earlier, she should have gone to change it.

Lucia’s eyes widened when she saw the man(a different one) who was quickly approaching her.

“When did you arrive?” (Lucia)

Her dance partner, Count Yungran, was frightened out of his wits when he saw the Duke of Taran heading towards him with a vicious look and he immediately fled.

To Lucia, her dance partner, who was just here a minute ago, suddenly disappeared. She was happy to see her husband again after a few hours. Happy enough that she would have hugged him if people weren’t around.

“Just now. Did you get hurt?” (Hugo)

“Huh?” (Lucia)

“You aren’t walking properly.”

Lucia wondered how he knew.

“My shoe is a little...I don’t think it fits me right. I have to change out of it.”

“Can you walk?”

“Of course. It’s not that bad.”

She took his outstretched hand and as soon as she took a confident step forward, her foot wavered from the throbbing pain and he helped her to stay firm. If she was alone, she would have likely walked as if there was nothing wrong. But because there was someone to lean on her beside her, her heart grew weak. Lucia felt like she was making too much of a fuss so she looked at him with an embarrassed smile.

“It’s just smarting a little. I’m fine.”

Hugo looked at her quietly then he embraced her. Lucia felt several gazes gather on her.

“I...I said I’m fine.”

When he began to walk as if he didn’t hear her, Lucia couldn’t face the crowd at all so she buried her head in his chest.

With her in his embrace, Hugo took her to the King and asked to be excused, “My wife is hurt. I’ll be away for a while.”

“...Go ahead.” (Kwiz)

People’s expressions varied as they watched the ducal couple leave the party venue. It was either astonishment or envy.

Kwiz had a feeling that such unseemly acts would happen more and more often with the Duke of Taran. He wasn’t that happy about unpredictable variables happening but;

‘Still, these days, the Duke seems a little human.’

Kwiz chuckled.

* * *

Hugo came out of the bustling party venue with Lucia in his arms.

“This way, please.”

A handmaid guided the two. Following the handmaid, they arrived at the princess’ break room where Lucia and Katherine were at earlier. Lucia realized that the person who sent the handmaid was Katherine causing her to remember the embarrassing scene from earlier again and her face grew hot.

As soon as they entered the break room, Hugo sat her down on the biggest sofa in the middle of the room and squatted at her feet. Before Lucia could say don’t do that, he had already taken her right foot, peeled off the shoe and was looking at her heel. There was blood showing on her peeled skin.

Tsk , he clicked his tongue and lifted his hand in a gesture calling the handmaid then he gave a brief order.

“Medicine.”

The handmaid gave a quick bow and promptly disappeared.

“Why is the shoe like this?”

Hugo got another justification to terminate the contract with Antoine. In his mind, the contract he signed with Antoine was already ripped to pieces.

“It happens sometimes. You can’t tell if a shoe fits you well until you walk to some extent.”

“Isn’t that why an expensive designer is hired to get rid of such things?”

Noticing his intent to criticize Antoine, Lucia held her tongue. Just as she expected, it was clear that he didn’t like the dress. No matter how one looked at it, he was being nitpicky. Lucia felt weird when he overreacted to her exposure. She had never thought he was a conservative man. All his women that she saw in her dream wore clothes that revealed their chest as if they were trying to attract attention to it. Compared to them, Lucia’s dress was very virtuous.

When the handmaid came in with medicine and bandages, followed by her maid, Lucia couldn’t afford to keep thinking quietly. She ordered her maid to go to the carriage and bring her spare shoes.

“Will you be okay? Do you want to go back?”

Hugo carefully applied medicine to her wound then he asked her when he was putting the bandage on her foot.

“It’s not to the extent where I can’t walk. Plus you just arrived. I haven’t even greeted His Majesty.”

What’s new about greeting the king? They did it every time they saw him. Hugo just wanted to take her home. But it wasn’t a problem that could be solved in such a way. In the future, there would be many events where she had to appear in front of people and he could not accompany her for all of it. He felt anxious like he was being chased. He wanted to lock her up in the top of a high tower where no one could see her. It didn’t matter if she didn’t know what was going on in the world. He wanted to be the only one to see her clear smile.

“Is everything done? Get up, quickly.” (Lucia)

Seeing the closed door, she was restless and worried that someone would come in. Hugo was unhappy that she kept being conscious of other people. Was it because she didn’t want to show their intimacy? He was secretly feeling bad so he wanted to tease her a little. He took her bandaged foot and lifted it up.

When her center of gravity suddenly moved backwards, Lucia supported her body so she wouldn’t fall on her back. She was startled out of her wits and looked at him with wide eyes.

Hugo looked into her eyes and kissed the top of her foot. She looked cute with her eyes and mouth wide open with astonishment. Her face was completely red.

“Hugh!”

He didn’t seem to care, rather he laughed mischievously and raised the train of her dress to her lap then he kissed her calf and bit it.

“Ah!”

Lucia screamed in frustration.

“Who is he?”

“Who?”

“The man earlier. Minuet.”

“What? Ah...I don’t really know. They said he was Count Yungran or something.”

“You’re saying you danced with a man you don’t know?”

“People dancing with people they don’t know happens a lot. It’s not like you don’t know that.”

Lucia struggled to remove her foot from his grasp.

“Refuse them in the future.”

“Alright. I got it so let me go.”

He let go of her ankle but she only got a moment of relief before he sat right next to her and wrapped his arms around her waist. Then he brought his lips to her ear and whispered to her.

“Is your foot really okay? Should I carry you?”

“You seriously–. I told you to look at the time and place!”

Even if she replied with, ‘Will you?’ as a joke, if it was this man in front of her, he would really do it. Lucia was alarmed and pushed away from his chest. The more she pushed, the firmer he held her waist. His flirting increasingly disregarded time and place. It had been a long time since it deviated from the bedroom.

Hugo hugged her tighter as she kept twisting to try and escape then he grabbed her chin and kissed her lips. He looked into her eyes that were filled with surprise and smiled. He promptly invaded her small mouth with his tongue and swept through to the deep ends of her mouth. When he removed his lips, she was blushing to her neck and looking at him in a daze. She looked so cute that he descended for her tender lips again, sucking her upper and lower lip interchangeably.

Lucia was caught in his grasp and had given up halfway but when she found the door moving, she was startled and pushed him as hard as she could.

“Someone is here.” (Lucia)

Hugo was annoyed and stared at the slightly open door.

“What is it?”

When Hugo raised his voice, the door opened cautiously and a servant hesitantly entered. The servant had asked for permission from outside several times but because there was no answer, he opened the door, poked his head inside and jumped back in surprise. If he was a servant of the Duke, he would have given up when there was no answer and gone away.

“His Majesty was concerned about the Duchess and sent an Imperial doctor.” (1)

What a useless interruption. Hugo was annoyed at King’s excessive thoughtfulness.

“It’s fine. There is no need for an Imperial doctor. Tell His Majesty that I will be there soon.” (Hugo)

The servant affirmed and withdrew while Lucia’s maid came in with a pair of shoes. Hugo watched Lucia change her shoes with an objecting expression. He really wanted to go home. Was there any trick he could use to get out of here quickly? He thought really hard about it.

“Milady. Some elderly nobleman entrusted me with an item to give Milady.”

The maid carefully watched Hugo’s expression as she informed her Madam. Hugo knit his brows.

“Are you saying you’re delivering something with an unknown identity? Do you do things like normally?” (Hugo)

The maid who was being criticized hunched her shoulders. She did consider that she might get scolded. However, the eyes of the elderly nobleman hanging onto a mere maid was so earnest that she couldn’t disregard it.

“She isn’t a careless child, I want to hear what happened.” (Lucia)

Hugo asked the maid to bring the item she had to the table. The item that the maid took out from her inner pocket was a handkerchief. Hugo’s expression was getting worse as he looked at the suspicious object which was a man’s handkerchief.

“I was told to ask if Milady knew this by any chance.”

The maid spread out the handkerchief and showed one side of it. Hugo picked up the handkerchief to check it. The seal of a noble family was stamped on the handkerchief. The head of an eagle.

Hugo couldn’t remember any family with such seal. He made sure there was nothing suspicious with the handkerchief then he handed it to Lucia.

Seeing the seal, Lucia’s eyes shook tremendously.

“This...a nobleman asked you to deliver it? Did he say anything else?”

“He said he is the Count of Baden.” (2)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (4)

TN: One more chapter till book 6! Also, I’m sorry, I dozed off.

Gio Baden, head of the Count Baden family, and nobleman of the southern frontier, devoted his entire life to restoring his collapsing family. The household was not in that much difficulty during the childhood of the Count. Because it was family with deep history, they maintained their local influence and lived exercising small influence over their region.

His late father overdid himself trying to do business and it went wrong, causing their financial status to decline greatly. His late father was tormented with self-reproach at destroying the foundation of the family; his heart grew weak and passed away leaving the responsibility of settlement to his son. The inheritance taken over by the Count of Baden was a title, an old mansion that existed for generations and a tremendous amount of debt.

It took a lot of money to retain the title. He had to pay a considerable amount of tax to the king every year. The debt increased without him doing anything. But when he thought of his father who passed away with regrets, he couldn’t give up the title at all.

The Count busied himself in trying to save his family. Because he was running around here and there, he had no time to take care of his family. He reduced the debt and went out only for the revival of the family. His wife quietly supported her husband, and raised their two sons and one daughter by herself.

One day, his wife suddenly collapsed. The Count was not even at his sick wife’s side and could not protect her properly. He thought she would recover soon but his wife left the world sometime after. The absence of his wife who had always been there was too big. His two sons understood their father within reason but his young daughter resented her father for the loss of her mother.

The thing that made him get back to his feet after he was drowned in the sorrow of losing his wife was ironically, his family’s debt. He believed that it would be beneficial to his children in the future if the family was brought to prosperity. The Count had no time to comfort his wounded daughter’s heart. He believe that his eldest son would take good care of his siblings, in the place of their mother.

When he was away on an important business and couldn’t come back home for a while, his youngest daughter ran away. His sons didn’t want their father to worry so they didn’t tell him. When he asked where the immature child was, they told him she was sleeping at a friend’s house for a few days so he didn’t look for her and left it alone for a few days. When her brothers couldn’t find her after combing through every place they could think of, they finally realized that this was a serious matter. The Count only came to know that his youngest daughter was missing, a month after she had disappeared.

Alone with his son, the Count searched for his daughter for nearly over a year, but he couldn’t find a trace of her anywhere. To make things worse, the high-end business he invested in went bankrupt. The family that had risen a little bit, fell back to the ground. As things stood, he wanted to just embrace his sons and pass away but eventually he gave up looking for his daughter.

Over the next 20 odd years.

The Count of Baden lived life diligently. He could confidently tell anyone who asked that he had worked hard. But the heavens did not reward according to the effort put in. Everything he did kept running off course. When he thought things were improving, they would go back to how they were.

During the height of the war, the south enjoyed the peculiarity of war because it was not that far from the battlefield. Everyone was earning money but Count Baden was in the minority that couldn’t.

His debt increased. The mansion passed down in the family for generations was about to collapse. The Count, who had never asked anyone for a favor even though he had been living a hard life, made a big decision. He decided to ask his friend in the capital for help.

The Count had lived in the capital for some time when he was a child. There was a friend he had been in contact with since back then. It was the only cord he could lean on.

Because he couldn’t afford to take the expensive gate to the capital, the Count of Baden gathered his old bones and arrived at the capital after several months of traveling. When he arrived, the capital was in great excitement over the coronation of the new King. When he found his friend, he was received with great delight and given a room to stay. He hadn’t been able to ask his friend for help yet.

His friend was the son of a Count with decent influence. Even if he didn’t inherit the title, he was able to receive an invitation to the celebration party in the Inner Palace. Thanks to his friend, the Count of Baden was able to enter the palace for the first time.

At the celebration party, the Count was able to see high-ranking figures that he had only heard of before. He even saw the face of the King. While enjoying a luxurious party for the first time in his life, the Count poked his nose here and there and heard people talking about ducal couple of Taran. The Count was curious because the Duke of Taran was a famous person that he knew about as well.

The Count squeezed into the crowd that gathered at the news that the ducal couple of Taran had arrived. And as soon as Count saw the Duchess, his heart stopped.

There was a noblewoman there, resembling both his pitiful wife who was buried deep in his heart, and his lost youngest daughter, as if he was looking at the two of them together.

How could someone look so similar? The Count kept stealing glances at the Duchess then he asked his friend and was informed about her.

[I heard she was a princess. I think she’s been married to the Duke of Taran for a little over a year? It wasn’t too long ago. She’s famous in the social circle. Whether it’s my wife or my daughter, once they open their mouth, they’re talking about things like that, it’s very annoying.]

A princess of all things. The Count’s expecting heart died down with a thump. It was a status that had no relationship with his daughter at all. His heart hurt and perhaps because he was remembering his daughter after a long time, that night, he saw his daughter in a dream. She looked like a young lady, just like he remembered her.

But when he woke up, he couldn’t tell whether he had seen his daughter in the dream or had seen the Duchess from earlier in the day. The memory of his daughter that was vivid enough that he could draw a picture of her, was mixed up in his head. The Duchess resembled his daughter to that extent.

[Can you get an invitation to the ball today too?]

The Count asked his friend. His friend happily agreed stating it wasn’t a difficult matter.

Seeing the Duchess again today, the Count felt his heart stop, again. She looked more like his daughter today than she did yesterday. A stranger wouldn’t resemble his daughter so much. He passed by a few times, secretly looking at the Duchess who was talking to other noblewomen.

She was the exact image of his daughter when she smiled. The color of her eyes that couldn’t be seen from afar were clear amber. Girls in the Baden family with amber eyes were said to be symbols of good fortune so they received a lot of love. The Count fell for the color of his wife’s eyes, and was delighted at the birth of his daughter who resembled his wife and had an eye color of good-luck.

The Duchess who had the same amber eyes as his wife and his daughter. The Count felt overwhelmed and his heart hurt like it was being pierced.

Could it be? It can’t possibly be. Maybe? There’s no way. The Count was agonizing and indecisive. Even if he wanted to approach her and talk to her, there was no chance. There were people densely gathered around her and it was not an atmosphere where an unfamiliar old man could approach her. He saw the Duchess dancing in the hall and the heart was moved. It overlapped with the scene of his daughter dancing at her first ball.

Later, the Duke entered, hugged the Duchess and left the party venue. The Count followed from a distance. As the Ducal couple moved to an increasingly secluded area, he couldn’t follow any longer. He snooped around inside the hallway where the ducal couple disappeared and paced around for a while. Then he discovered a familiar maid coming out and his eyes opened wide. He saw the Duchess talking to the maid several times, both today and yesterday.

He took his seal from his breast pocket and stamped it on his handkerchief then he squeezed it in into the hand of the maid, making a request. If the Duchess had anything to do with his daughter, she might know of the Baden family. It was a tiny sliver of hope.

The maid looked troubled but thankfully took the handkerchief. After a while, the maid came back carrying a bag and bowed to the Count who was still standing there then she went inside the room. The Count was anxious and could not turn away from the direction the maid had gone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 82 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (4)

Lucia looked at the handkerchief and her mind went back to her memories in the dream. According to her uncle whom she met a few years from now, her grandfather died when Lucia was around 21 years old. So, the low-ranking nobleman who introduced himself as the Count of Baden was definitely her grandfather.

[My father was devastated. The mansion that he thought to be his last fortress until the end, went into other people’s hands. He even went to the capital to get help but it didn’t work out. In addition, he was old and his body was weakened by the long journey.] (Lucia’s uncle)

Her uncle, who succeeded her late grandfather and inherited his title, was her grandfather’s second son. In other words, he was Lucia’s mother’s second older brother.

The eldest son who should have originally inherited the title, was injured in a carriage accident a little while after his father passed away. He ended up unable to use his legs because he could not get proper treatment. Her uncle said that his elder brother was pessimistic of his own situation and spent his days drowning in alcohol, then took his own life.

At the time, Lucia thought that she was an orphan with no family so she was glad to have a relative. There was a feeling of warmth in her empty, lonely heart. She felt bad about the difficult situation of her maternal family so unknown to her husband, she provided money for her uncle who was asking for help. When he asked her to introduce him to Count Matin, she provided a bridge in the middle.

[I want to protect my family in any way I can. I can’t lose the title.]

Her uncle said that there was nothing he wouldn’t do to protect his family. From the perspective of her uncle who bore the responsibility of a Count family with nothing but its name, the Count of Matin must have seemed like a high-ranking nobleman with enormous power.

Her uncle settled in the capital and went to meet Count Matin on a daily basis. He didn’t give Lucia a lot of details but even without knowing what he was doing, Lucia could see vigor gradually return to her uncle’s face.

However for Lucia, life as the Countess of Matin was becoming too much to bear. So she asked her uncle to help her get a divorce.

[I’m sorry. I have no power to help you. I need your husband’s help. Can’t you endure?]

The rejection of her uncle came as a great shock to her. It had been Lucia’s one-sided delusion, believing that he was the only hill that she could rely on. Her uncle did not see Lucia as his niece, he saw her as the Countess of Matin.

Lucia knew, realistically, that her uncle was not capable of helping her. Even if she understood it in her head, she felt a sense of betrayal. Who knew how much she had suffered because she gave money to her uncle several times without her husband’s knowledge. When she thought that she was the only one who was worried about her maternal family, she felt stupid and resentful of her uncle.

When her uncle began to talk about money again after refusing to help with her divorce, Lucia gave him money for the last time and broke off their relationship. Even though her uncle visited the mansion frequently, Lucia did not meet her uncle again after that.

The Count Matin family was exterminated for treason and Lucia learned later on that her uncle was also caught up in it. The Count Baden family was on the list of traitors.

When Lucia found out about this, she sat down and soullessly looked at the sky. She resented her uncle but she didn’t want him to die. She saw firsthand how much her uncle had tried to save his family. When she remembered the figure of her uncle groveling as if to lick the feet of Count Matin, tears fell from her eyes.

She wondered if her uncle who had died in the disgraceful plot of treason was able to close his eyes in death. If they had lived without knowing each other, such a tragedy wouldn’t have occurred. In her dream, Lucia hit her chest with remorse. So, in reality, she vowed to never make a tie with her maternal family.

“Vivian.” (Hugo)

Lucia flinched and lifted her head. She had fallen too deep into thought.

“Who is it?” (Hugo)

“...I don’t know who it is.” (Lucia)

A strong hand caught her chin when she tried to avoid his gaze. His red eyes were unusually bright causing Lucia to take a sharp breath.

“Do you know what your expression looks like? I’ve said this before. You are a poor liar.”

Her expression as she looked at the handkerchief kept changing in various ways. Hugo sent the maid out and waited for her to get herself together. However, he couldn’t keep watching when she looked like she was about to cry. Hugo looked at her trembling eyes and continued speaking.

“Tell me. Who is it?”

“...”

She stubbornly shut her mouth. Feeling the solid wall she had built around herself, Hugo’s insides were boiling.

“You don’t know who it is?” (Hugo)

“...”

“He has nothing to do with you?”

“...”

No matter how hard he pressed, Lucia couldn’t give any answer. She was confused at the sudden appearance of her grandfather. She wasn’t in a state of mind to explain this and that to him nicely.

When she found out about her grandfather in her dream, he had already passed away so she never thought that she would actually meet her grandfather. To her, her grandfather felt like someone who died and come back to life.

“He’ll have to pay for his crimes then. He dares to send such a dangerous thing to the Duchess.”

“A dangerous...thing?”

“He has nothing to do with you. You don’t have to worry about it, right?”

His crimson eyes shone brutally. His icy manner of speaking was scary and Lucia was terribly frightened. It was as if he would change someday and have a cold and cruel expression like he did now. Tears rushed to her eyes from deep despair.

When her amber eyes surged with tears, Hugo was caught off guard. His mind was disturbed and his agitation subsided in an instant.

“Vivian. I was wrong.”

Hugo hugged her. She burst into tears and twisted her body, pushing him away as if rejecting him but he hugged her tighter.

“I’m sorry.”

Hugo repeated he was sorry many times in her ear. After sometime, Lucia’s crying subsided. Hugo lightly patted her back as she calmed down.

“...Don’t talk like that. It’s scary.” (Lucia)

“I won’t.” (Hugo)

He didn’t intend to scare her. He only felt remorseful towards her. Hugo was depressed to hear her say that it was scary. Hugo sighed a moment later and spoke.

“If you don’t want to say it, you don’t have to. I won’t ask.”

Hugo felt his cowardice was pathetic. How petty of him. He couldn’t tell her his deepest secrets yet he couldn’t tolerate her secrets.

“It’s not that I don’t want to say it. I just...don’t know how to say it...” (Lucia)

Hugo waited patiently when she went silent for a while.

“That person is likely...he’s likely my maternal grandfather.” (Lucia)

“Didn’t you say you didn’t have a maternal family?” (Hugo)

“I tried to think I didn’t have one. My late mother wanted it that way.”

Lucia’s mother didn’t tell of her maternal family’s existence until the moment she died. Lucia only found out after meeting her uncle in the dream. Why did her mother do that? It was something Lucia always wondered about.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (5)

When Lucia was very young, she used to constantly ask her mother why she didn’t have a father. And when she saw her mother crying, she would say sorry, hug her mother and cry along with her. When she apologized and said she was wrong, her mother said:

[I am crying because I want to see my father too. My child, I’m not crying because you made me sad.]

It was likely that her mother felt guilty for leaving her house in her immature days and giving birth to an illegitimate child so she couldn’t bear to contact her family. And because she knew the difficult circumstances of her home, she decided it would be better to send Lucia to the royal family.

Most of all, the real reason why her mother didn’t contact her family till the end was because she didn’t want her family to know of the tragedy of their youngest daughter who gave birth to a child, raised her child alone and then died; that was how Lucia understood her mother.

“You don’t want to meet him?” (Hugo)

“I was going to, but now I don’t know. How did he find out about me?” (Lucia)

“If he is your grandfather, then he knows your mother. You must look a lot like your mother.”

“No. My mother was much more beautiful than I am.”

“No way. You’re prettier.”

Lucia lifted her head that was buried in his chest.

“How do you know? You’ve never seen my mother.”

“I know without seeing.”

Lucia smiled faintly at his unreasonableness then she buried her face back in his bosom.

“Take your time and think it over. I’ll look into a way to get in touch with him. Whenever you make up your mind, tell me. If you don’t want to meet him, I’ll take steps to make sure he doesn’t approach you again and if you want to meet with him, I will arrange a meeting.” (Hugo)

“...Okay.”

Lucia lifted her head to look at him. As she stared at him silently, he brought his eyes to meet hers.

A caring husband. She was so glad to have him by her side. The fact that were someone to lean on when she was having a hard time made her feel overwhelmed and her eyes felt sore. His red eyes were warm and her heart felt tingly. She was happy.

‘I love you, Hugh. I love you.’

She wondered if his eyes would cool the moment those words left her mouth. She was too scared that one word would ruin everything. In the past, she was only afraid but as time passed, her fear worsened. (1)

‘I can’t live without him.’

She would dry up. Like a potted plant abandoned in a dark warehouse with dried up leaves and stems.

She wanted to confess to him several times a day. She wanted to know how he felt.

-He might love me too.

-That is not true.

Two conflicting opinions battled in her head.

But she could not gamble. She could not follow Norman’s advice and scream it out loud. Because she knew that if that gamble failed, she would hit her chest in regret.

Lucia was startled when he suddenly frowned. She wondered if he had read her thoughts and her heart pounded fiercely.

“Vivian. Did I do something wrong again?”

When he wiped her eyes, Lucia realized that she was crying.

“...I thought of my mother. I think I’m feeling a little emotional.”

Hugo felt uncomfortable as he watched Lucia wipe her tears. Looking at her crying made his stomach churn. He wondered if motion sickness felt like this; he had never experienced it in his life.

“Will you be able to go to the party?” (Hugo)

“I’m fine. Don’t worry. I won’t make a mistake.” (Lucia)

“I’m not worried about you making a mistake. You don’t have to struggle if it’s difficult. You don’t have to do it if you don’t want to. I will take care of the rest.”

“Don’t indulge me so much. Do you want to make me a child that can’t do anything without you?”

That’s a really good idea. Hugo thought to himself.

“Please.” (Lucia)

Lucia took a deep breath because she felt like she was suffocating. Her lips moved slightly then she swallowed, taking back the words that were about to leave her mouth. I love you. Those words almost came out.

Hugo who was looking at her felt like he had just missed something important.

“Vivian.”

“Yes?”

The knocking on the door dispersed the ambiguous air of something that hovered around them. Seeing her eyes move towards the door with a start, Hugo was very annoyed.

“What is it!”

He raised his voice at the door. The servant that came before hesitantly entered and looked on warily. The servant’s body shrunk under the Duke of Taran’s fierce gaze.

“His Majesty asked this one to find out when the two of you will be coming out.”

“Now!” Hugo suddenly snapped then he took a breath and spoke through clenched teeth.

“...Go and tell them that we are coming.”

Lucia fixed her makeup that was ruined from crying then they left the break room. She carefully checked the corridor on the way back to the party venue but she didn’t see anyone who looked like an elderly nobleman.

To the people around, Lucia was smiling with them but her mind was entirely elsewhere. Sometimes, she lost focus and spaced-out, and several times, he gently hugged her waist or placed his hand on her back to wake her up.

She felt sorry and looked at him with an embarrassed smile. He didn’t criticize her. Rather he asked with a concerned expression, “Are you okay? Do you want to go back?” and Lucia firmly replied, “I’m okay.”

Lucia went to rest in the break room for a while again and on her way back, she met eyes with a certain old man. The old man quickly turned away and disappeared among the crowd. For some reason, the strange old man felt familiar to her.

‘That’s him, isn’t it?’

It was strange. She thought that her grandfather wouldn’t have any special meaning to her, just like her father whom even when she heard he was dead, she felt nothing. But she felt stifled to pit of her stomach and her heart crashed against her chest. She felt choked up and her throat felt dry. Lucia took a deep breath and straightened her back. If not for her experience in the dream, she probably wouldn’t be able to stop herself from crying.

Lucia smiled at the noblewoman approaching her. She had to portray her image as the Duchess. She pressed down her agitated and complex heart.

Translator’s Corner:

I love you is [one word] in korean.

*Say it already!

(┛ಠ_ಠ)┛彡┻━┻

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 83 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Realization — > (5)

His manhood broke through her tender flesh and pushed its way in. It filled her to the extent it took her breath away, then it roughly left her body. He repeatedly moved his waist back and forth; the sound of flesh slapping together echoing with every movement.

Today, he was a little rough. Lucia squeezed her eyes shut every time his penis penetrated her delicate insides. He interlocked their fingers together and kept pushing up their meshed lower abdomen.

With both of her legs wrapped around his waist, Lucia’s body swung up and down. The heat from him was so hot that it felt like her skin that was touching his would burn. Her coquettish cries increasingly became screams.

[He’s just caring? Even in bed?] (1)

The joke that Katherine made flashed in her mind for a moment. The him right now was definitely not tender. He was dominating her like a tyrant.

He mercilessly entered her and occupied deep inside of her. Her narrow vaginal walls acted fickle, tightening as if resisting him then clinging tightly to his exiting penis. His eyes narrowed briefly then he rammed in even stronger.

“Huu!”

As she reached her climax, her inner walls squeezed his thing tightly and tugged after it. Following his fierce moan, something hot gushed into her womb. Lucia’s entire body went through a bout of spasms. As the tidal wave of pleasure subsided, Lucia felt weak all over her body and gasped for breath. But he didn’t give her time to rest. He pulled out from her hot inner walls and grabbed her by the waist, turning her upside down. He lifted her hips and from the outside of her thighs, he thrust in deeply at once. Her sight flickered briefly.

“Hk!”

He dragged his lips along the line of her spine, kissing it desirously.

“Ah!”

His hard member came in strongly from behind. Lucia’s hands squeezed the sheets. Her butt was held firmly in his hands and distorted in his palm. He pulled out and rammed in so hard that the sound of their flesh slapping together could be heard. Her body trembled intensely and her arms wobbled. A tingling sense of pleasure climbed up her spine. Her body was sensitive today. Her vagina tightened and squeezed him tightly as he ravaged her. His breathing became rougher and more excited.

* * *

Lucia lazily lost herself in the soothing afterplay.

‘There’s no need to think too hard about it.’

Her heart had grown more inclined after getting a glance of her grandfather earlier.

“I want to meet my grandfather.” (Lucia)

“Alright.”

He gave a simple reply and didn’t ask any questions. And Lucia was thankful for that. He used his arm that was wrapped around her back and pulled her into a strong hug. She could feel him very closely and the moderately overwhelming sense of stability made all her anxiety fly away.

“And...I don’t want to go to the party tomorrow.” (Lucia)

Tomorrow was the last day of the crowning celebration ball. It was said to be a masked ball but Lucia didn’t feel up to it. She went to the party for two consecutive days and she was tired. Meeting with unexpected people was stressful. She was more mentally tired than physically tired.

“Do whatever you want.”

She expected him to allow her but his reply was faster and easier than she expected.

“Is that okay? It’s the crowning celebration...”

“Apart from the first day of celebration, the ball is just a playground for nobles to enjoy. There is no need for everyone to go. In the future, whether you want to go to a party or not, you can do as you please.”

“...I can stay at home and not go out at all?” (Lucia)

“You can.” (Hugo)

In fact, that was his wish. He would be thankful if she did that. While thinking to himself, Hugo pushed his head under her jaw and kissed her there.

“If social activities are difficult, don’t do it.” (Hugo)

She didn’t enjoy social activities. Hugo could guess from their stay in the North. She enjoyed a simple life that looked boring to others. And Hugo liked her introverted aspects. The thought of her going to all kinds of balls and laughing with other men was unpleasant.

“But if I do that...” (Lucia)

“I don’t care about rumors. What do you want to do?” (Hugo)

“Tea parties are okay. It’s not stressful because it’s just light conversation. But balls have so many people...”

“But in exchange, tea parties have a lot more bickering than balls do.”

“Who is going to bicker with me?”

“If someone happens to hurt you, tell me. Don’t keep it to yourself.”

“...You’re saying if something happens, I should run to you and tell you?”

“I’ll scold them for you.”

Lucia burst into laughter. Hugo kissed her lips and began to kiss all over her face. She shook her head, laughing endlessly and saying it was ticklish but he ignored her refusal and continued to pour small kisses on her face.

“Well then, tomorrow I’ll send Antoine back.” (Lucia)

‘Antoine. That problem has to be solved.’

Hugo hardened his heart. He had to send someone to the boutique tomorrow and tell the woman that she didn’t have to come, not only tomorrow, but in the future as well. Throughout the party today, his nerves were alert with worry that men would leer at his wife. It was really tiring and uncomfortable.

“She said it’s a red dress for tomorrow. Apparently, it’s a passionate dress that matches the red diamond necklace you gave me. It makes me a little curious.” (Lucia)

A passionate dress. Hugo was not curious at all. Without seeing it, he could guess how much the dress would increase his blood pressure.

“You said you’re not going tomorrow.” (Hugo)

Hugo was afraid her mind would change so he reconfirmed. And he lifted his body and towered over her.

Lucia forgot what she wanted to say and stared at him in astonishment. Don’t tell me...again? She watched him suspiciously as his hand slid down her abdomen. He rubbed the area between her legs and inserted his fingers inside, fumbling around.

“It’s still tender inside.” (Hugo)

Lucia turned away with a reddening face.

“I’ll put it in.” (Hugo)

“Eh?” (Lucia)

His two hands held her thighs wide apart and plunged in just like that. An overwhelming sense of pressure came up from her lower body.

“Uu...”

It was thick. She felt a stinging pain.

“Does it hurt?”

“A little...bit.”

But he pulled his waist back and pushed his way in again. The feeling of him rubbing against her delicate inner flesh was so vivid that it brought tears to her eyes. Lucia slapped his arm as hard as she could.

“It hurts!” (Lucia)

“Hold on.” (Hugo)

Lucia looked at him in disbelief. Sometimes he was gentle beyond measure and other times he was merciless. Hugo chuckled softly when he saw her get angry. It was always fun to draw out various emotions from her. When he pulled out and entered in a single thrust, she furrowed her brows and groaned. It certainly looked like it hurt a bit. He was also a little sore.

Her inside was too tight. Since they had done so much already, shouldn’t it be a little loose? No matter much he loosened it with thick caresses and caused juices to flow, it was always tight enough to pinch his finger. It was insanely stimulating to him.

As he moved a few times, her slick juices wrapped around his meatrod. She didn’t wrinkle her forehead anymore, showing that it no longer hurt. Every time he thrust in, she gave a sigh that was closer to a sob. Her refreshing scent paralyzed his sense of smell.

Hugo wanted to go back to the north. He wanted to live forgetting the flow of time, in the castle with just two of them and no one could come in. Hugo couldn’t tell how things would go with her finding her maternal relatives. What could he do if she had more exchanges with her maternal family and began to depend on them more than him? It was an uneasiness he couldn’t reveal to her when she was already restless over meeting her grandfather.

END OF BOOK 5.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (1)

BOOK 6 BEGINS.

“...Sorry.”

She felt like she vaguely heard his voice. Something pointy kept touching her face here and there. It was ticklish but it was also disturbing her sleep so she frowned and swung her hand in the air. Her hand was caught and she felt a pair of lips kissing the back of her hand and fingertips. Lucia opened her heavy-lidded eyes. She blinked a few times, driving away the sleepiness.

“...Hugh?”

Lucia identified him with her slightly clearer vision. The bedroom was already bright, and he was already dressed up. He smiled and lowered his head, kissing her lightly on the lips.

“It’s past noon. You should get up.” (Hugo)

“...This is your fault though.”

Lucia fell asleep at dawn today. He was so persistent in not letting her go that she didn’t even know when exactly she fell asleep. She looked at the refreshed expression on his face and closed her eyes.

“I want to sleep a little more.” (Lucia)

“You have to get up now to be able to meet your grandfather. He’ll be here in about two hours.” (Hugo)

Her sleepiness instantly disappeared. Lucia widened her eyes and unconsciously sat upright.

“Who did you say is coming? My grandfather?”

“You said you wanted to meet him. Have you changed your mind?”

“Ah...No. It’s not that but...how did you contact my grandfather?”

“I asked the maid to find out where he was staying yesterday.”

No matter what decision she came to, whether it was to meet her grandfather or to not, it was essential to first know how to contact the other party. It was a matter of course to Hugo but Lucia didn’t think of it at all. When he told her that he would find out how to contact her grandfather, she vaguely thought that with his capability, he would be able to find her grandfather after asking around. But there was such a simple way.

“...But my mind isn’t ready yet...” (Lucia)

“There’s no need for that If you drag it out, you’ll only get sentimental. Why did you want to meet your grandfather?” (Hugo)

“I was curious about what kind of person my mother’s father is. I also thought I should let him know about my mother.”

“Then meet him with that in mind. Don’t bother yourself with too many worries.”

Lucia was surprised by him. He was sharp about the point that she hadn’t thought of at all. It was natural that worries would increase the more time passed, but the fact that he knew that was fascinating to her.

When she married him, she was impressed by his rapid driving force. He had a personality that pushed forward without hesitation when he made a decision. He seemed like a man that would never waste his time on thinking for too long.

‘Does he ever worry? Has he ever regretted a decision he made?’

These days, Hugo worried almost every day. But the cause of this had absolutely no idea that he spent his days worrying and regretting.

* * *

Jerome received his master’s order and personally escorted the old man. Externally, he acted secretly in order to avoid revealing the fact that the Duke of Taran brought the Count to his mansion.

Hugo ordered Jerome to be cautious. He hadn’t yet decided how to establish their relationship after his wife met her grandfather. Once it was known that the man was the relative of the ducal house by marriage, there were a lot of hungry wolves that would come running.

Hugo didn’t have any special feelings for his wife’s maternal family. He could respect the man because he was his wife’s grandfather, but it was only up to point she wanted.

In the receiving room, Lucia waited for her grandfather. Seeing her sitting anxiously, Hugo wrapped one arm around her shoulder and hugged her. Lucia didn’t come out to greet her grandfather and was waiting in the receiving room so that the old man’s visit would not look special, even to the servants.

The closed door of the receiving room opened, and Jerome came in, escorting a gray-haired old man. As if frozen, the Count stood at the entrance for a while looking at Lucia. Then with shaky steps, he slowly walked towards Lucia.

Lucia saw the face of her uncle from her dream in the old man’s face. And she also saw the face of her late mother.

The two of them, grandparent and grandchild, stood a few steps apart and stared at each other silently.

“Please sit down. You sit too.” (Hugo)(TN: He refers to grandpa with the first one and Lucia with the second.)

Hugo stepped in and dissolved with the tense atmosphere. Lucia sat down on the sofa after the Count sat down.

“Is it better if I leave you two alone?” (Hugo)

Lucia shook her head and grabbed his hand. Then she took a deep breath and opened her mouth.

“It’s nice to meet you. I am Vivian...Grandfather.”

The Count’s eyes shook violently. He looked at Lucia with a very sorrowful look in his eyes. He moved his lips a few times but didn’t say anything. Then after a good while, he managed to say one word.

“Amanda...?”

As soon as the Count entered, he quickly looked over the receiving room. When he didn’t see Amanda, his heart sank with anxiety. Even though he was meeting his granddaughter for the first time and she looked lovely like his daughter, could the keen affection be compared to his own child? He chose to believe his daughter couldn’t make it due to unavoidable circumstances. No matter how anxious he was, he couldn’t abandon hope.

Lucia’s chest surged with heat. This person was a father who missed his daughter. Who knew how much her late mother wanted to see her father for the last time? Lucia’s heart ached when she thought about her mother.

“...She passed away.”

Lucia saw a mixture of many emotions run through the old man’s eyes. Surprise, shock, disbelief, anger, sorrow, despair. Seeing many painful emotions flash by in an instant, Lucia began to sympathize with the pain of the wounded old man. The grief of a parent who lost their child was shown in the teary eyes of the old man.

The Count covered his face with his hands, lowered his head and began to cry.

Tears also fell from Lucia’s eyes. She leaned into Hugo’s embrace and buried her face in his chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 84 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (1)

Translator: Miss Ruby

There weren’t many things to talk about between a grandparent and a grandchild that were meeting each other for the first time. After greeting each other awkwardly, they began to converse relatively easily through the common topic of ‘Amanda’. The father remembered his daughter, and the daughter remembered her mother. They found commonalities and differences, and even laughed occasionally.

“The pendant. Are you looking for it?” (Lucia)

Lucia thought her grandfather would ask her about the pendant. But even after they had been talking for a while, he hadn’t said anything so she brought it up first.

“...Do you have it?”

The Count looked a little surprised but his reaction was calmer than Lucia expected. The problem pendant that her mother took with her when she ran away. It was the reason why Lucia was able to meet her uncle in her dream.

[The pendant is an heirloom passed down in the Count Baden family for generations. I found out later on that my sister took it with her when she ran away from home. Maybe because she felt sorry for taking pendant, she left a short letter in the safe.] (Uncle)

[What did the letter say?] (Lucia)

Her uncle cleared his throat as if he was embarrassed and said.

[It said that she was going to bring back a nice husband.]

So there was a time when her mother was immature. Lucia was fascinated by the stories that she didn’t know about her mother. So, she met up with her uncle a few more times and soon, she invited him to her house.

The mansion of Count Matin was quite large and fancy looking. Her uncle looked awestruck as he looked around the mansion. It was perhaps from then on that he started looking at Lucia differently.

“I don’t have it right now.” (Lucia)

When Lucia was a child, there was a time when she fell off a tree and got seriously injured. Her mother entrusted the pendant to a pawn shop to pay for her daughter’s medical treatments. But her mother could not pay back the borrowed money so she was unable to pick up the pendant on the promised date. This was Lucia’s guess of the situation after putting things together later on.

One day, on the way to go shopping with her mother, Lucia discovered a pendant on display at a pawn shop’s window.

[Mom, this is yours, isn’t it?] (Lucia)

[Mhm. You’re right. I’m leaving it there for a while.]

[Why?]

[Because it’s precious to me. I don’t want to lose it.]

After that, Lucia sometimes saw her mother pause in front of the pawn shop. Her mother looked sad when she saw the pendant with a price tag attached to it.

With her innocent, childish mind, Lucia thought that her mother would be upset if she asked her more about the pendant. So she decided that when she grew up and made money, she would buy the pendant and give to her mother as a gift. But after her mother died, she forgot about the pendant.

Then, there came a time when she had to go to an auction house on an errand for Count Matin. It was antique auction day for nobles with uncommon hobbies. Count Matin asked her to bid and win a uniquely designed jewelry box that would show up there. It seemed like it was a present for currying favor with someone.

Why did they have to compete to buy all these old stuff? Lucia couldn’t understand. The jewelry box that she was supposed to bid for was scheduled to show up later, so she watched the fairly long auction with boredom. When the pendant showed up as an auction item, Lucia sobered up. She immediately knew that it was her mother’s pendant.

Lucia forgot her real purpose for coming to the auction house. She had no thought other than regaining her mother’s pendant at all costs. She actively participated in the bidding and eventually won the pendant. Because there were competitors who coveted a pendant with a unique design, Lucia only managed to snare it for a considerable price.

She used most of the money that Count Matin gave to her for the jewelry box but because she was so moved to have the pendant in her hands, the fear of the aftermath flew to the back of her mind. The pendant vividly brought back long-forgotten memories with her mother. In that moment, Lucia felt joy, something she hadn’t felt in a very long time, enough to forget all her sorrows.

[Lady. Would you please resell that to me?]

A middle-aged man approached her, blocking the road and abruptly asked her to resell the pendant to him. It was her first encounter with her uncle.

[That pendant is my family heirloom.] (Uncle)

[I’m afraid I cannot. I have no intentions of reselling this. It’s a keepsake of my mother.]

The middle-aged man was persistent. While Lucia argued with the middle-aged man, they eventually came talk about how the pendant somehow came to be at the auction house. Then they realized that the two of them knew the same woman as sister and mother. It was the first meeting of uncle and niece and it was through an unbelievable coincidence.

Her uncle was distressed and unable to speak for a while after hearing that his younger sister had passed away. His nose was slightly red but he didn’t shed bitter tears like her grandfather had. It was the difference between a brother and a father.

[The pendant is a legendary treasure. According to the words passed down in my family from generation to generation, when the family is in crisis, it will save the family and keep the family alive.]

Since it was such an important heirloom, Lucia couldn’t insist on keeping it. She figured that if her mother was alive, her mother would also want her to give it back. So she gave it to her uncle.

“My mother needed money urgently so she had to sell it. It’s a uniquely shaped pendant so I can find it easily.” (Lucia)

Although Lucia didn’t have it now, she knew when and where it would be at the auction. She was originally going to wait but she changed her mind. The future she saw in her dream was changing. The pendant might not be at the auction. So she was thinking of asking around and looking for it in antique markets. The present Lucia had the power to task someone with looking for something.

In her dream, her uncle was very happy to get the pendant back. It seemed he was weighed down by the responsibility of the family and wanted to lean on a superstitious family legend.

But her grandfather’s reaction was different. He smiled bitterly and shook his head.

“You don’t have to do that. If your mother made good use of it, then it has done well enough.”

“I heard it’s a family heirloom. Isn’t it precious?” (Lucia)

“Did Amanda say that?”

Lucia didn’t hear it directly from her mother but she replied, “Yes.”

“What heirloom. It’s just an old thing.”

Anyone from the Baden family grew up listening to the legends woven around the heirloom. When others heard it, they seriously believed the ridiculous story and kept the old pendant as a treasure.

At an early age, the Count also believed the legend surrounding the heirloom. However, his father regrettably passed away, he lost his wife, and he buried his daughter in his heart. What was the point of a legend?

For the family’s crisis? There had been numerous crisis already and there was an ongoing crisis even now. When the Count reached his twilight years, he realized the indifference of the heavens. He was too old to believe in legends.

“It’s just...What good would it be?” (Count)

The Count came to the capital to get back his mansion that fell into other people’s hands. He made up his mind to ask for a favor, something that he had never done before in his life.

But as soon as he knew of his daughter’s death, everything became futile. The years that passed without him knowing of his daughter’s death had passed in vain. What had he been striving to live for? It was all in vain.

“You grew up beautifully. Thank you for growing up well.”

The Count was comforted to see the flesh and blood and only trace left by his daughter. He consoled himself that even if it was now, he was able to hear about his daughter and see his granddaughter that he didn’t even know about.

‘I’m sorry, father. I’m tired now. I want to rest.’ (Count)

The Count let go of everything. He folded his plan to ask his friend for money. He gave up on the mansion that was passed down in the family for generations.

‘Let’s sell the title.’

If he used dark channels, he would be able to find someone to buy the title. Title trading was strictly forbidden by law, but trading between acquaintances was still done. A count title would be able to fetch a good price. It would be enough money for his two sons to make a living. He didn’t want to hand over the burden that he had carried his entire life to his sons.

“I should get going.”

When the Count stood up, Lucia was surprised and stood up too.

“You’re going? At least, stay for dinner...”

“It’s alright. I have an appointment in the evening. I’ll see you again next time. We know each other so we can meet anytime, isn’t that right?”

“...Yes.”

As Lucia watching her grandfather turn around and walk towards the door of the receiving room, her eyes filled up with tears. She met him for the first time in her life, and they only talked for a while but he didn’t feel like a stranger; it was as if she had known him for a long time. It was not a sad thing yet why did her heart hurt so much?

Hugo hugged her and spoke into her ear.

“I’ll see him off and be right back.”

Lucia nodded with tear-filled eyes. She wiped her tears as she watched Hugo walk away. She was thankful that he was here with her. Right now, she was just thankful for everything.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 85
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (2)

Hugo caught up with the Count who had already walked out of the mansion in no time. The old man was quite the fast walker.

“I’ll take you back.” (Hugo)

“No, it’s fine. The weather is good today. I can walk.” (Count)

“I have something to discuss with you.”

The Count looked at the imposing man with a tall and dignified frame. The Baden family was originally a military family so the Baden men weren’t on the smaller side due to inheriting their ancestor’s frames but the Count still had to look up.

There was no one among Xenon’s nobles that didn’t know the Duke Taran family. Especially in the south where the atmosphere of the war was felt closely; even the commoners talked about the Duke of Taran as they went about their chores.

‘I’m glad, it seems she met a good man.’

At the crowning celebration party, and in the receiving room earlier, the attitude of the Duke towards his granddaughter made him feel satisfied and relieved. The Count could see that the Duke was sincerely looking out for his granddaughter. And he was glad that his granddaughter who was alone without any relatives looked happy.

The Count didn’t refuse Hugo’s invitation and entered the carriage with him. The carriage left the ducal residence and after traveling to some extent, it pulled to a stop.

“How long are you planning to stay in the capital? I will arrange a place for you to stay.” (Hugo)

“It’s alright. I have a good friend so I’m not worried about where I’ll be staying in the capital.” (TN: He’s using polite/formal speech)

“Please lower your speech, Elder. You are senior to me.”

The Count smiled bitterly.

“How can a grandfather who never saw his granddaughter till she’s grown up, come now and act like an elder? With what decency? It is good enough for me to hear that she’s doing well from time to time.”

Hugo looked at the elderly man with an odd expression. The man had a clean nature. The character of the old man could be seen from his face. The man’s face had deep wrinkles showing the weariness of time and his skin was coarse but he gave off a warm and pleasant aura.

Did having no greed run in the family? Hugo thought as his mind wandered to his wife.

“Do you have any intention of moving to the capital?”

Hugo was making an offer that was unlike him. He was saying that he would support the Count Baden household. If the Duke of Taran actively supported them, the crumbling Count family of the frontier would quickly rise as an emerging power in the capital.

“I am grateful for the offer but one should live within their limits. It is too much for my children to handle.” (Count)

The Count refused without any hesitation. The Count didn’t overestimate his sons. If they had been born into a family with power, then maybe but up till now, his sons had only lived as nobles in name only. His eldest son was too uptight and his second son was good with his head but he had a narrow mind. They both lacked the ability to engage in power play. He was worried about his children and couldn’t close his eyes peacefully.

“If so, is there anything you need help with? Feel free to tell me.” (Hugo)

“Even though I have lived to this age and haven’t done anything to be respected for, I have lived with a clear conscience. I am not atrocious enough to ask the granddaughter I just met for money.” (Count)

“I won’t let my wife know.” (Hugo)

The Count laughed heartily.

“Thank you. For caring for that child.” (Count) (TN: re:Lucia)

It was Hugo’s first time receiving the gaze of adult looking at a younger person so he was taken aback. Up till now, he had lived with the arrogance that there was no one above him but to his surprise, he didn’t feel bad receiving this kind of gaze. (1)

“...She is my wife. It’s a matter of course.”

“I was unable to do what you call a matter of course. I hope you don’t make the mistake of losing someone precious to you like I did. Please love and care for that child for a long time. Please make her happy. That is the only thing this old man wants.”

The Count already loved her even when he didn’t know that she was his granddaughter. His granddaughter. Her smile was an exact replica of his daughter’s smile and she was poignantly lovely. He was only sad that he was unable to see her grow up beautifully.

“Would you do me favor for that child?” (Count)

Seeing the reddened eyes of the Count, Hugo felt like his heart stung a little. It was a really strange feeling.

“I promise you. I will love...and make her happy.” (Hugo)

She had already been his wife for a long time. But seeing the Count nodding his head in satisfaction, Hugo felt like his relationship with her was truly recognized. It was a feeling of reassurance as if he had gotten an ally.

Hugo made the Count promise to definitely tell him before he left the capital. The Count maintained that he didn’t need anything till the end. His wife would be very sad if her grandfather left all of a sudden without notice.

After escorting the Count back to the mansion of his friend whom he was indebted to, Hugo came back and asked his wife about her intentions.

“What do you want to do? If you want to help out your maternal family, that will be done.” (Hugo)

Lucia thought for a moment and shook her head.

“The position of in-laws of the Duke is too much for my maternal relatives to handle. They’ll be caught up in all kinds of gossip. It’ll give you a headache.”

The fact that both grandparent and grandchild said the same thing as if they were matching their words was amazing. Hugo felt the novelty of blood relation. They both met for the first time today but they were very alike.

“I’m fine with it.” (Hugo)

“I’m not fine with it. I don’t want to impose on you.” (Lucia)

“Impose? How can you say that?”

Seeing him frown, Lucia wrapped her arms around his waist. She settled her head on his chest, looking up at him and smiled.

“I don’t want the fact that they are my maternal family to be known. My maternal family is having financial difficulties. Please help me a little with that part. Can you do that?”

“Sure.”

His expression was sulky as he replied. He was still unhappy because she said she didn’t want to impose on him. Lucia thought he was cute at times when he was pouting. And this side of him was only shown to her.

After going to parties for a few days and seeing him in an official setting, Lucia was somewhat shocked. At first, she thought he was angry. She wondered why he had a cold expression and an icy gaze but when she saw people behaving naturally and unsurprised, she came to a realization.

That was how he looked normally. It was how he looked when she saw him in her dream, and when she made up her mind to marry him. At some point, she had forgotten about it.

She was used to him smiling softly at her and looking at her with warm or passionate eyes. It was then that Lucia realized that there was a side of him that only she knew.

“I don’t think I’ve said this, have I?” (Lucia)

“What.” (Hugo)

“Thank you for marrying me.”

Lucia’s heart raced as she watched his red eyes tremble. She wasn’t joking about what she said but she said it with a light heart. However, seeing his eyes full of joy, she felt touched somehow.

Hugo wrapped his arm around her back, put his other arm under her thigh, lifted her into his arms and looked into her eyes.

“Do you mean that?” (Hugo)

“Of course.” (Lucia)

“Then prove it.”

“How?”

“Do what you think will impose on me. It’s also good if you cause trouble that I have to clean up later.”

“...How does that prove anything? Before that, where are you going?”

Hugo had left the receiving room carrying Lucia and was climbing the stairs to the second floor. A few of the servants flinched but they turned away and focused on what they were doing as if they didn’t see anything. It had reached the point where she couldn’t feign innocence in front of the servants.

“Let’s have dinner a little late today.” (Hugo

“You seriously!”

Seeing her red-hot face, Hugo loudly kissed her lips. It was always fascinating to see her red face get even redder. And it was very adorable.

Due to canceling the scheduled party, he suddenly had a lot of time. It was a holiday for a change.

Translator’s Comments:

1. My mom gives me this look everytime. That said, I should start using footnotes for the stuff.

*In-laws of the Duke: The raws literally translate to: ‘relatives of the Duke by marriage’. But that’s a mouthful. ‘In-law’ works.

< — Memories of Mother — > (2)

A few days later, Lucia had lunch with her grandfather. Her grandfather sent her a short letter, saying that he would be going back to the south. Lucia wanted to treat him to a last meal before he left so she arranged a lunch.

On the second meeting between grandparent and grandchild, they was a little more comfortable with each other. Lucia felt at ease as if she had known her grandfather for a very long time.

Was it because they were related by blood? But her father who was closer to her by blood was farther than anyone else. Now, she didn’t even have leftover hate for her father. It seemed like she would have been happier if her mother sent her maternal home instead of the palace.

“So you’re saying I already have a nephew.” (Lucia)

Lucia came to know of her many relatives. Her two uncles were married; her first uncle had two daughters, and her second uncle had two sons. Her first uncle’s two daughters were older than her and his eldest daughter was already a mother. Lucia had two uncles, four cousins and one nephew.

Lucia remembered briefly hearing in her dream that her first uncle had two sons. But she couldn’t ask about her first uncle who had died tragically, and her uncle did not talk about him.

“I believe the boy just began to walk. By the time I return, he would have grown up a lot. I mean, that child grows up in an instant.. (Count)

Her grandfather said that he would send her letters from time to time and give her updates about the house.

“I’m sorry, grandfather. I can’t promise to come and see you.”

Lucia felt guilty to her grandfather for only asking her husband for financial help. She was sorry because even though she could be more helpful, she was being too stingy.

“Even if you said you were coming, I would have stopped you. I have no intention of telling your uncles about you. I’m also keeping the news about your mother to myself.”

Seeing his granddaughter’s eyes widen in surprise, the Count smiled gently.

“I don’t want your uncles to have false hope. Even though we don’t have enough, our family is harmonious. I am blessed with kind-hearted daughter-in-laws. I would simply like it to remain that way. Even if you’re upset, please understand.”

“No, grandfather. What do you mean upset?”

Lucia could tell what her grandfather was thinking; he didn’t want to burden his granddaughter. She felt sorry and thankful to him. Her uncle must have been very bitter to lose such a father. Lucia could fully understand her uncle’s feelings of desperation.

“When do you leave?” (Lucia)

“I’m going back today. I came after saying goodbye to my friend.” (Count)

The Count was indebted to his friend and realized that his friend’s situation was also not very good. After their father died, his elder brother inherited the title along with most of the assets and didn’t seem to treat his friend very well. The Count was glad that he had changed his mind and did not make a difficult request of his friend.

“Then you’re leaving right after the meal? What’s the hurry? You can stay a little longer.” (Lucia)

“Your uncles will be very worried after sending off their old father to the capital. Plus the capital is too busy for an old man like me. Don’t worry about my travel. I’ll be taking the gate. Thanks to my granddaughter’s husband, I’ll be enjoying the luxury of a lifetime.”

Lucia smiled when her grandfather shrugged with an exaggerated attitude.

“Come visit anytime you want. The way here isn’t that far anymore.” (Lucia)

“Alright, alright. Don’t treat me coldly when I come too often.” (Count)

“What do you mean coldly? That won’t happen.”

The Count rose from his seat.

“You and your husband get along very well. He is a good man. He cares for you a lot. Because of that, my mind is at ease.” (Count)

“Yes. He is a good man.”

Lucia was proud that her husband was being praised for being a good man. It was said that the best present for a parent is to see their child living happily. She was really glad that she could show her grandfather that her present self was doing well.

“May I hug you?” (Count)

“I was going to say that.” (Lucia)

They both hugged each other and regretfully said goodbye. They didn’t know when they would see each other again but it wasn’t an eternal parting. So Lucia was able to calmly send off her grandfather.

Antoine visited in the afternoon after Lucia sent off her grandfather. The Antoine who used to come with an entourage of assistants and workers came simply alone. Since her purpose wasn’t a dress fitting, it was natural that she came alone but today, she looked intimated by the majesty of the ducal residence. She looked weak like a disarmed soldier.

‘Is Antoine’s weapon the props that her assistants and workers carry around?’

It was interesting to see the ever confident Antoine looking restless. Lucia controlled her expression. The woman was fundamentally a merchant. She would make a path herself so there was no need to give her a chance to worm her way in.

“What brings you here? Without any notice.” (Lucia)

“I apologize for visiting you suddenly, Duchess. Please forgive my rudeness. I hope I have not interrupted your schedule.” (Antoine)

“It just so happens that there’s nothing special at the moment. Do not do this in the future.” (Lucia)

“Yes, Duchess.”

In the receiving room, the two of them sat facing each other. Unlike Lucia who unhurriedly drank her tea, Antoine kept checking the Duchess’ complexion.

A few days ago, Antoine received a notice that was like a thunderbolt from the sky. The Duke of Taran sent someone to announce that she wasn’t entrusted with making the Duchess’ future dresses anymore. He said that as promised, he would pay the cost of the dress that was already made but that petty change wasn’t the problem here. The problem was that the fortune in front of her had disappeared like a fog.

After a few days of sleepless nights and distress, she came to visit the ducal residence. Sending someone in advance to make an appointment was the correct procedure but if she was rejected, her justification to visit completely disappeared. So she visited recklessly. She thought that the Duchess would meet her a least once and fortunately, her thought proved correct.

“What is the matter?” (Lucia)

“I heard you didn’t need the dress for masquerade ball so I was worried you might be unwell.” (Antoine)

“As you can see, I am healthy and fine. I was tired so I canceled my plans for the day. Is this what you came for?”

Antoine broke out in cold sweat. The Duchess was different from other noblewomen in many ways. She wasn’t someone to beat around the bush nor was she someone that could be easily led in a conversation. The Duchess was strangely experienced for her age. Rather than giving an oversophisticated feeling, she gave a relaxed feeling of dignity. Antoine chose a straightforward attack instead of changing the subject.

“Duchess. To be honest with you, I came because I wanted to know why. Did I make a huge mistake?” (Antoine)

“I don’t know what you mean.” (Lucia)

“Please tell me if I have done anything wrong to you, Duchess.”

“There is no such thing.”

“Then why was I told not to make any dresses for the Duchess in the future? Did you not like the dress?” (Antoine)

Lucia had no idea about this. But she could make a guess. Her husband was unhappy with Antoine’s dress and seemed to have sent a notice of cancelation for their future contract.

Lucia couldn’t stop the giggle that escaped her mouth. She didn’t know what to do with this man of hers that grew increasingly childish. In what noble house under the sky was the husband involved in changing their wife’s dress designer? They were more concerned about their wife’s expenses. The matter of deciding which designer would make the dress was completely left to the woman.

Lucia liked the Antoine’s dresses. Antoine was able to draw designs that enhanced Lucia’s body shape and her charm. Even if she hired someone else, they would likely not be better that Antoine.

However, there was a need to take her husband’s conservative mind into account.

“I like your dresses. But...” (Lucia)

When the Duchess dragged out her words, Antoine swallowed tensely.

“It’s difficult to wear a dress that my husband doesn’t like.” (Lucia)

“Do you mean to say that His Grace the Duke didn’t like the dresses I made? Did he say that?”

“He didn’t say it directly, but he said your dresses are a little... loose.”

“...”

What is this bullshit she was hearing? If it was modest, it wasn’t a dress. If you want that, go wear a priest’s robe and button it up to the neck. Antoine had made countless dresses for noblewomen until now but she had never heard anyone make such complaints.

Antoine thought hard about it. And she thought back to all the dresses she had made for the Duchess. She contracted the summer dresses first, and then she renewed the contract with the coronation dresses. It meant that there was no complaint with the first dresses. Then what was different?

‘The first summer dresses were made for light outings so they were casual. The coronation dresses were undoubtedly bold. They were going to be worn to a ball after all.’

Is that it? Antoine came to a realization. And she was speechless. If he didn’t want exposure to that extent, it was a disease. Look at other dresses. Half of their chest was exposed. Compared to those dresses, the dresses she made for the Duchess were very decent.

‘Is it really as they say, that the Duchess living in captivity?’

Antoine entertained doubts in her heart and clasped her hands together with pitiful eyes.

“The foolish me couldn’t fathom how much His Grace the Duke loves the Duchess. In the future, I will try harder to make dresses that please you. Duchess. Frankly speaking, it will be difficult to find a designer of my caliber anywhere.”

“I also agree. Like I said, I am happy with your dresses.” (Lucia)

Antoine’s eyes sparkled as if she had met her savior.

“So make a contract with me.” (Lucia)

“Yes! Duchess.” (Antoine)

“I will say it clearly again. You are making a contract with me.”

“...Yes? Of course...”

“I will not ask what kind of contract you previously had with His Grace the Duke. There will be no such contract in the future. Do you understand?”

The Duchess’ smiling face was water-tight. Antoine inwardly cried bitter tears. The jackpot was gone!

“When I looked into it, I found that it’s usually enough to make two to three dresses per quarter, and one to two ball dresses as needed. I don’t have a lot of dresses already made for me so I will commission five dresses each for the fall and winter.”

Compared to the past where she had sold nineteen outfits in the summer, the plummet was a shame. But Antoine was still very grateful. Even five was something.

The title of exclusive designer of the Duchess of Taran would bring her more value. The river of gold that flowed before Antoine’s eyes had disappeared into thin air but she could pick up the gold dust on the floor. Antoine readily accepted the proposal.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 86 - < — Memories of Mother — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (3)

Lucia sat in the receiving room using her free time till dinner to embroider a handkerchief. Her embroidery skill had improved quite a bit. In the past, the embroidery of Damian’s name at the edge of the handkerchief looked quite nice from afar but up-close, it looked less intricate. Now, even on a closer look, there was almost no misalignment.

‘I’ll send some books along with the handkerchief this time. There are good books for the child to read.’

It had almost been a year since she first saw Damian in the north. Because the child grew so fast, Lucia wondered how much he had grown. When could Damian be brought to the capital? His heartless father would never bring up Damian first if Lucia did not ask.

‘Tea parties are good for public opinion if you makes good relationships. I have to work hard for Damian. The child’s position is bound to be rejected. I have to make a path.’

It wasn’t something she could avoid by saying meeting people was too complicated. As she embroidered, Lucia affirmed the responsibility that she should have as the mother of a child.

“Milady.”

Jerome came in audibly and began to talk.

“Master sent a message. He said his return today is likely going to be later than expected. And although it will be a little later than dinner time, he wishes to have dinner together.”

“Is that so?” (Lucia)

Yesterday, he told her he would probably be late today. Hearing that he was unexpectedly coming back earlier, Lucia felt better. Seeing the glow on his Mistress’s face, Jerome turned his head and laughed.

The couple’s show of love wasn’t fazed by the servants and it grew stronger day by day. Usually, the madam was swept up in his master’s pace but the madam did not show active dislike as before.

The overflowing affection between their masters had quietly affected the servants. Today, Jerome received a resignation from a maid. The maid was getting married. This was already the third case.

“Jerome. Are there still party invitations for me these days?” (Lucia)

“Yes, Milady. They are increasing more and more.”

“Exclude balls or large scale gatherings. Pick out invitations for mainly small tea parties.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Jerome fixed his gaze on the handkerchief that Lucia was embroidering. The handkerchief with flower embroidery that his master always carried in his coat flashed into his mind.

His master’s change was really surprising. He was someone that never carried a handkerchief because he hated cumbersome things. Jerome tried hard to recall the faint former visage of his master. His master was changing from a savage wild beast to a tamed animal. But strangely, the new change was nice to look at.

It didn’t mean the Duke was a tough master in the past. He was an extremely rational person so he was never one to nitpick pointlessly.

It was just occasionally. Jerome was keen enough to catch the hidden bloodlust coming from his master. Jerome had never encountered a terrifying visage but he got the chills. It was at the worst when his master came back from hunting, and very rarely, there were times when Jerome felt like something that his master usually suppressed was coming out.

However, for about six months now, Jerome had not felt such a thing from his master. To phrase it excessively, his master who was wearing the skin of a ‘human’ was now becoming a real human.

“Milady. What do you think of gifting master an embroidered handkerchief as well?”

“The thread I use is thick so my embroidery will ruin a silk handkerchief.”

“Not a silk one but a cotton handkerchief...”

“Jerome. How can a grown man carry this around?” (Lucia)

Jerome’s expression was strange as he watched his Mistress chuckling. As expected, the Madam did not know. Well, since serving was entirely left to servants, it was natural she didn’t know.

“Even if Master doesn’t carry it around, he will be very delighted with Milady’s gift.”

“Mmm...my skill is embarrassing though...alright, I’ll make one with his name on it.”

Jerome broke out in a grin. A great butler who understands his master’s thoughts. The name of the man who was called to be a butler was Jerome.

* * *

Hugo arrived home a little later than dinner time. Fabian had something to report separately so he followed Hugo inside. He thought of seeing Jerome whom he hadn’t seen in a while and having a meal together as brothers.

As soon as Hugo arrived, many people came out to greet him but Hugo was only happy to see one person. He wrapped his arms around his wife’s waist and pulled her into his chest then he greeted her with a light kiss.

“I’m back.” (Hugo)

“Welcome back.” (Lucia)

It wasn’t easy to do this in front of the servants but Lucia’s face was flushed with many subtle feelings that she didn’t hate at all.

“What about dinner?” (Hugo)

“You told me to wait.”

“If you’re hungry, you could’ve eaten first.”

“I’m not that hungry.”

Hugo turned to Jerome and asked.

“Is the meal ready?”

“You can go to the dining room right away.” (Jerome)

When the Master and Mistress of the house entered the dining room, the gathered servants scattered in search of their respective jobs. They all had impassive expressions that stated they had something to do now.

The servants had reached the point where they thought that if the ducal couple were together, they would definitely do that. The older servants knew from experience that a frigid relationship between their masters would make the atmosphere at home suspenseful and anxious so they preferred this and thought it was very good. In this situation where everyone was satisfied, there was one person that was unable to be.

“You. What are you doing?” (Jerome)

Seeing Fabian who looked stunned with a gaping mouth, Jerome clicked his tongue.

“...I think I’m seeing things now.” (Fabian)

“Wait for me while I serve during dinner. Either you wait in my office or have dinner first, do as you please.”

Fabian held back Jerome who was going to the dining room.

“Is it like this everyday? I mean, do they do these goosebumps raising act everyday? Why is no one surprised?” (Fabian)

“Well. They are used to it now.” (Jerome)

The end is coming. This is a sign of the world’s destruction. Jerome glanced pitifully at Fabian who was murmuring with a dark aura around him, then he headed for the dining room.

* * *

While they were taking a walk after dinner, Lucia told him that she had signed a new dressmaking contract with Antoine. He didn’t say anything but from his expression, he didn’t seem pleased at all.

“I like the dresses Antoine makes. I plan to continue commissioning Antoine in the future.” (Lucia)

“It’s up to you.”

“Therefore, you cannot have a different contract with Antoine.”

“...What contract?”

Lucia had only speculated that he had signed some contract with Antoine. She thought it was strange for the cost of the coronation dress to be so cheap. But when she told Antoine, ‘it is a contract with me’, she could make a guess from Antoine’s reaction. There was a contract between her husband and Antoine that she didn’t know about. So she stealthily poked her husband and he also looked caught off guard. Thus, the guess hardened into conviction.

“I’ve talked a lot with Antoine about the last contract.” (Lucia)

“...”

Lucia’s ambiguous words sparked Hugo’s misunderstanding. Antoine told his wife everything about the contract!

If Antoine knew this, she would pound her chest in distress. Antoine had that much tact and common sense. No matter how much Lucia interrogated her, she would have kept her mouth shut about the dual contract and the blank check of the coronation dress. And as a matter of fact, the dual contract was meant to be used in the future and the Duke declared termination the contract before it could even take effect. The real gain was just the blank check.

“I didn’t want you to worry too much about money.” (Hugo)

Hugo nursed a grudge against the talkative designer. The Duke of Taran whose resourcefulness was as good as his fighting prowess had fallen for a very poor inducement.

“I won’t be so sensitive to that issue in the future. Don’t make a situation where you and someone else knows something but I alone don’t. I’ll be much more upset when I find out about it.” (Lucia)

“Okay. I won’t.” (Hugo)

When Lucia stopped walking, Hugo also came to a stop. Looking into his questioning eyes, Lucia spread her arms and embraced him. She had a lovely, gentle husband all to herself, and she was thankful for him. Feeling his arms wrapping around her to return the hug, Lucia’s heart was filled with happiness. She wished this moment could last forever.

< — Memories of Mother — > (3)

Fabian sat on the sofa in Jerome’s office, propping his chin with his hand and looking out the window with a hollow expression. It was dark outside but it was still visible enough to see a pair of silhouettes hugging in the distance. Fabian’s lips twitched.

“How long is this walk going to take? At this rate, daybreak will come.” (Fabian)

He wanted to give his report fast and go home. Some people have a wife and children!

“What have you been so unhappy about for a while now?” (Jerome)

Jerome sat at his desk doing his work but he was unable to remain a mere spectator of the noisy Fabian so he spoke to him.

“Leave me alone. I’m trying to get over my shock right now.” (Fabian)

Fabian’s mouth had fallen open again when he saw the two of them (Lucia and Hugo) holding hands lovingly after dinner and going out for a walk.

“It’s a happy occasion if the two of them have a good marital relationship. Your problem is you have a skewed view of everything.” (Jerome)

“I work for my lord because my view is skewed! Do you know how neglectful...! ...Forget it. Why am I even talking to you? You servile child. Don’t go anywhere and call yourself our parent’s son.” (Fabian)

Jerome gave the grumbling Fabian a pitiful glance. Fabian listlessly looked out the window then suddenly, he turned around and flew into a rage.

“This is all because you have no idea! Do you know what type of person he is? If you see what I’ve seen, you won’t be able to be so calm!” (Fabian)

For the first time in his life, Fabian wanted to show his brother how his master was in his memory.

“So what. What exactly is the problem? Do you like the image of Master that you have in your head?” (Jerome)

“...It’s not that. I mean, I’m worried. Don’t you know the saying ‘if a person changes all of a sudden, they’ll fall ill’ is for a reason?” (Fabian)

“Don’t worry too much about useless things. And watch what you say. After all, it’s the mouth that makes a problem out of nothing.”

Fabian glared resentfully his heartless brother then he continued grumbling to himself.

* * *

Fabian filed his report on target ‘David Ramis’ which he had compiled through close surveillance of the subject. It was the final result of long endeavors. The introductory part of the report was personal information about the target. Age, family relations, friends, and so on and so forth. Hugo roughly skimmed through it.

“The target’s personality is undergoing various evaluations. Some people think he is a good person, and some people think he is a narrow-minded and cunning person.” (Fabian)

Reputation in the public was extreme. To the nobles that he got along with, David was a nice person, but to the people with low status such as servants or powerless nobles, David mostly had a bad reputation. Hugo had seen a lot of people whose outside was different from their insides, so he wasn’t really surprised.

Hugo read the dubious part concerning David in the report. Allegedly, a few years ago, David touched a maid and the maid got pregnant. Officially, the maid was said to have quit serving after receiving a reward. But the unofficial truth was different.

“You mean there is someone who claims that this maid is dead?”

“Yes. According to the maid who was her friend and worked with her, the woman suddenly disappeared with mentioning anything about leaving. The maid also said the woman wasn’t someone who would disappear without saying goodbye. Apparently, she looked strangely anxious a few days before she disappeared and her friend had heard her crying while pretending to be asleep.” (Fabian)

“What of the maid’s trail?” (Hugo)

“Because it’s an old incident, there is hardly anyone that remembers it. I went to her hometown but even the family didn’t have any news.” (Fabian)

“So there is no proof, only circumstantial evidence.” (Hugo)

If it was discovered that the heir to a Duke killed a maid, it was difficult to deal him a blow, let alone punish him. However, such cases were very important in figuring out the character of the other party. David was someone who could do more dangerous things than Hugo thought.

It was not uncommon for a noble to abuse or kill their servants under the pretext of punishment. But regardless of if they framed their servant for a crime, the fact that they killed the servant was revealed anyways. It was different from secretly killing the servant and disguising it as another fact.

“The father of the target was angry because of the incident with the maid. And after that, there was no touching of any maid in the mansion.” (Fabian)

“A leopard cannot change its spots. So he went to the brothels next?”

Hugo mumbled as he looked at the report.

“With his status, there must be a lot of women throwing themselves at him.” (Hugo)

“I investigated by asking around the prostitutes he spends the night with, and apparently, he has a sadistic hobby. He likes his partner to be completely submissive so he can deal with them as he pleases. I believe it would be difficult to find a noblewoman to fulfill such a hobby.”

Hugo was a little annoyed. Why did he need to know the sexual activities of this perverted crud? This meeting was held to see if there was any need to be on guard against the pathetic bastard even after investigating him.

As far as David’s personal details were concerned, he couldn’t care less. Hugo read the part detailing David’s recent enthusiastic gathering of people and chuckled.

“New Nation Youth Association? This lunatic.” (Hugo)

Was it that the man didn’t know how dangerous it was to add the word, ‘new nation’ to his organization? It was a good enough title to make one suspect that he had power-sweeping intentions to raise up a new country. There should be standards to some extent before using words. Hugo was suspicious about the man’s intelligence, maybe he was missing a few screws somewhere. 1

“So outwardly, the asserted purpose is to attract young talent. Is the organization really made with ulterior motive?” (Hugo)

“Rather than ulterior motive, it’s not faithful to its original purpose. The target is not just gathering young talents but young talents that follow him.”

“Basically, a gathering of pathetic bastards only.” (Hugo)

Trash is always trash, no matter how much you put together. Hugo couldn’t see any worth in paying attention to such an organization where the only thing ‘grand’ about it was the name.

“There are few areas that are worthy of attention. The target is positioned as president so he is practically leading the direction of the organization’s rules and activities. The specific details about that is written in the supplementary book.” (Fabian)

Hugo picked up the supplementary book that was next to him and looked over its contents. When he saw the content about David, Hugo sneered, ‘this fool’ and his somewhat bored expression turned stone cold.

The dangerous elements were hiding here.

The two biggest opposing forces of power were the King and the nobility. The King pushed for strengthening of royal authority, and the nobility pushed for the expansions of soldiers and the guarantee of autonomy over their territory. But among the nobles without territory or peerage, there was a third force that was dreaming.

They were mainly intellectuals such as scholars and insisted on national management by professional intellectuals. They said that through the introduction of a system, the King and high-ranking nobles should eliminate the way of gathering together to discuss national affairs, instead they should make laws and law-elected ministers should manage the country. They advocated legalism saying that even the King should have to follow the law.

The power of this group was still insignificant. Very few people were interested in their claims. But Hugo knew. He knew that their claims will grow stronger over time, and they would grow into a force that could not be ignored. It was knowledge he had gained from entering the secret room after becoming Duke.

A very long time ago, when the Madoh Empire ruled the world, from the standpoint of the normal humans, the nobles were as strong as monsters but the nobility were mortal beings that were similar in strength.

Apart from the fact that they used magical powers, they developed in a similar way to the world that humans have currently built. The nobles of the Empire were also divided into ranks and discriminated against each other; there were those who had more and those who had less. They were no different from the humans, they fought to have the upper hand and possess more than the other.

The emergence of a third force armed with knowledge but no real power also happened in the Madoh Empire. Some of their claims suited the King of the Madoh Empire who wanted to suppress the nobility.

When the King began to make use of this third force, they grew in strength, riding on the back of the King, and then one day, they separated from the King and formed their own force. When that time happened, nobody was be able to ignore them. The rise of a new force that was supported by the majority, ended up relatively weakening the royal authority as well as the authority of the existing nobles.

The knowledge in the family secret room gave the head of the Taran family the power to get a broad view of the world. Being able to roughly grasp the flow of the word wasn’t any different from being able to see the future.

The flow of the world could not be stopped. However, it could be slowed down artificially.

‘A fast development is troublesome.’

The heads of the Taran family never used the family knowledge to seek the development of the world. As long as the head of the Taran family remained master of the North, development was difficult. A kingdom with moderately strong royal authority was ideal. The more chaotic the human world was, the more progress was made in the flow of the world. Keeping the North alive and dealing with whatever issues the country had whenever it had it, was not a pointless thing for the Taran family. Because humans that were satisfied with the present did not seek change.

If it was the past Hugo, he would not have cared about this upcoming power. However thinking had changed. For Hugo, at least, until he died, the Taran family should be doing well and he wanted his heir, Damian, to smoothly enjoy the power and riches of the family.

“Find out more about these guys.” (Hugo)

“Yes, Sir. And there’s one more thing you need to know about the target. It’s in the last section of the report.” (Fabian)

Hugo picked up the report about David again and as he looked over it, his expression became strange.

“He put someone to follow my son?” (Hugo)

“Yes. It’s not simply shadowing, it seems to be a full-on investigation. We were careful not to let them know of our existence.”

Hugo fell into deep thought. He tried to figure out the intention of the Duke of Ramis.

‘It looks like Duke Ramis isn’t pleased with his eldest son. Maybe he plans on changing the successor.’

If all went well, it seemed like things would take care of themselves even if he didn’t do anything.

“Do I continue monitoring the target?” (Fabian)

“Don’t pull everyone out and if you see any odd behavior, report it.” (Hugo)

“Yes, Your Grace.”

“Good work. And try asking around for this item.”

Fabian accepted the paper that the Duke passed to him. He looked closely at the picture that was sketched on the paper and realized it was a pendant. It was uniquely shaped, different from commonly seen pendants.

Hugo had met with the Count once, unknown to Lucia. The asserted purpose of the meeting was the gate. He told the Count that he would take steps to ensure that the Count could use the gate whenever he wanted to come to the Capital and then he asked the Count about his real purpose which was the pendant.

[Are you interested in antiques?]

The Count wondered and asked.

[It seems like a precious item for my wife so I’m thinking of looking for it.] (Hugo)

The Count chuckled then he made a detailed sketch and even drew a picture of the pendant. Hugo wanted to look for the item and then surprise his wife with a gift. Since she missed her mother very much, she would love the gift. He was already feeling great when he thought of her happy face.

“If it has an owner, shall I simply bring back that information?”

“No. Use any means possible and bring it to me. You don’t have to report the process in the middle.”

Fabian replied in the affirmative and looked at the picture of the pendant again. It must be a great item seeing as the words ‘use any means possible’ came out from his lord’s mouth.

‘Is it a magical tool? If it’s the national treasure of another country, it’ll be a little annoying to steal.’

Translator’s Corner:

1. New Nation is one word in Korean (shinguk: 신국). The word itself represents the ideology of a better, divine nation.↩

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 87
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (4)

David was called by the Duke of Ramis and went into his office. Because he entered with a light heart, he didn’t have time to avoid the thing that suddenly flew at his face.

“What the hell are you doing!”

As he listened to his father’s voice filled with rage, David blankly stared at the pile of documents that hit his face and fell to the floor. The hit to his face didn’t hurt much. But he was shocked because it was his first time being scolded in such a way.

“Who asked you to do this!”

David leaned forward and picked up one of the documents scattered on the floor. It was a list of names that he was familiar with. It was a list of the members of the ‘New Nation Youth Organization’ that David had created.

How did his father know about this group? That was one thing of itself; why was his father so angry? David couldn’t understand the current situation.

The ugly face of his father was filled with crumpled wrinkles and it was disgusting. Suppressed revulsion stirred in his stomach. David lowered his head to avoid revealing his humiliation from being struck by the documents and he clenched his teeth.

“I was wrong, father.” (David)

He had to apologize unconditionally, no questions asked. David bowed his head with a grave expression, and asked for forgiveness for a mistake that he didn’t know about yet.

“Why are you so rash about things.” (Duke Ramis)

‘Apologizing unconditionally’ always worked. The anger in his father’s voice lessened. As David slightly lifted his head, his father massaged his temples and let out a long sigh.

David picked up a few more documents from the floor. They contained information about the youth organization that he had made. It had a list of the members in it as well as the rules of the organization.

‘What’s the problem here?’

David didn’t know why his father was angry but if he said he didn’t know, he would be scolded more, so he only picked up the documents silently. He gathered them all and placed them on his father’s desk, then he stepped back and lowered his head. It was the image of a reflecting son.

“I did not know that the group I made with like-minded friends would cause father so much trouble. It was thoughtless of me.” (David)

“Like-minded friends? You mean recruiting people and acting as leader?” (Duke Ramis)

‘And what’s wrong with that?’ (David)

He didn’t know why his father was so upset. David had no doubts about his future as successor to his father who would become the future lord of the Duke of Ramis household and rise to rule over many people, standing beside the King and becoming a key figure in discussing important national matters.

David’s father always told him to lower his pride and look up from below. But David couldn’t understand his father’s excessive caution. To David, the people below him were as many as ants. What was the problem in practicing how to lead and manage them in advance?

But David would never let such words come out of his mouth. He wasn’t that stupid.

“I tried to make many friends to get along with like you always said.”

“David.”

The Duke of Ramis sighed. Outwardly, his son apologized but inwardly, he was being disobedient; the Duke was aware of his son being two-faced to some extent. Still, the Duke found solace in the fact that his son was showing an attitude of correction after being scolded.

The Duke wanted his son to see further in the world rather than looking down on the world. His son was only in his middle twenties. He was at a young age where he lacked knowledge and experience.

At the same age, a character like the Duke of Taran lacked nothing as the head of his family and he was the ‘happening’ individual of the century. An ordinary person shouldn’t try to compete with a genius in the same category. Let a genius go on his own way as a genius and just think that ‘such people exist, huh’ and laugh it off. However, the Duke was worried because his son seemed to keep showing immature rivalry towards the Duke of Taran.

The Duke wanted to give his eldest son a chance if possible. It was the proper way of things for the eldest son to take over the family. It was the precedent and caused the least room for confusion. Which is why even though the Duke kept discovering unreliable sides to his eldest son, he smoothed it over as passable.

“Do you really not know that this group you made could become a great seed of disturbance? ‘New nation’? How can you use such an outrageous name?”

David chewed his lips.

‘So that’s the problem.’

David had also thought that the name wasn’t good. However, Sir. Harry, vice president of the youth organization enthusiastically argued:

[Every word in the world can have the any opposite meaning depending on the interpretation. ‘New nation’. Isn’t it a name that conveys our willingness to embrace the accession and new reign of the new King? It is a well-known fact that His Majesty was not in a very good relationship with the late former King. We want to make a completely new nation that covers the shadow of the late King.]

Listening to his explanation, it sounded very reasonable.

“...We only use the name internally. On the outside, we just call it youth organization.” (David)

“It’s easy to find out with a little research. Didn’t you make the rules and refer to it as ‘New Nation Youth Organization’ in them?”

‘What you mean is, you investigated me.’

David felt both shock and a sense of betrayal. His father had looked into his affairs.

“I’m sorry, father. The meaning behind it was just that we would be of aid to His Majesty’s new reign.”

“No matter how good the intention is, it’s better to not provide an excuse. Haven’t your sister and I told you, that in politics there are cliffs at all sides so you should be careful and even more careful?”

“Yes, father. I will engrave your words deeply.”

“The forces opposing His Majesty are always looking for a gap. His Majesty could misunderstand you.”

David thought his father was worrying over nothing. Why would the King misunderstand? If he didn’t believe in a loyal family like the Duke Ramis family, who would be there to assist the King?

His father was the King’s father-in-law, and his sister was the Queen. His nephew would ascend the throne in the future. The Duke Ramis House was completely on the King’s side.*

“Yes, father. I will be more careful about my actions. I’ll take responsibility for the group and dismantle it.”

“Good. I’m relieved you understood my point. For the time being, go down to the territory.”

“Yes? Father!”

“You have to show that you are reflecting. Since I know of this, it is certain that someone else does too. It won’t be very long. Think of it as training for a year or two.”

David’s clenched fists trembled. He couldn’t disobey his father. Compared to his father, he was still very weak.

“When will I be leaving?” (David)

“Make preparations to leave by the end of this month.”

“Understood.”

As David was leaving with his head lowered, he heard his father’s mutterings.

“It would be nice if the two of them were mixed half-and-half. Robin is just meek...” (TN: Robin is the Duke’s second son)

David’s hand on the door handle tightened. He clamped his lips together and his jaw tightened harshly. Sparks flew from his eyes and he felt a sudden surge of rage from inside. He didn’t feel like he could control his expression at all and he was afraid his father might call him to a stop so he hurriedly left the office.

Translator’s thoughts:

* I just found this particular train of thought...odd(?). I mean all the more reason to be suspicious. The family has too much power. Hell, if they off the King, they can go on their merry way and become a royal house since their bloodline (the nephew) is future king. The King will be way more wary of them and the slightest sign of rebellious intent is going to be met with hellfire and thunderstorms...is he stupid? I mean, I’ve been looking at this situation objectively since Hugo is a very bias person but uhhh...

< — Memories of Mother — > (4)

‘Robin...’

As he walked down the hallway, David gnashed his teeth.

‘You probably think I don’t know, father.’

David knew the secret that his brother, who was despicably guarding his position as the second son of the ducal house as if he was someone of the legal line, was actually a child from outside.

When they were young, David’s mother only stood behind David. David thought it was just excessive affection for the eldest son because his mother also didn’t show much affection to his elder sister. So David felt a little sorry for his younger brother. It was a momentary feeling that he had when he was young and didn’t know anything.

On David’s 15-year-old birthday, a huge social debut party was held in the mansion. That night, his mother got very drunk although she had never done that before, and came to David’s bedroom. His mother confessed the truth to him while crying.

[David. My son. This mother of yours feels torn inside whenever I see that child.]

Robin was a child from another woman that his father loved. David heard that unlike other families that revealed their love child and raised them as an illegitimate child, his father made a request of his mother in order to raise Robin like a real son of the Duchess.

[That child is said to be two years younger that you but actually, he was born a few months later than you. When I was carrying you, that bitch was also carrying a child. Do you know how miserable I felt when I found about it?]

Because Robin’s real mother died after giving birth, the Duke of Ramis brought Robin back with him. And he asked his wife to raise up the boy up as her son. Robin grew up in a foreign country until he was seven years old. The story was that his body was weak but the truth was different.

After that event, two or three times a month, the Duchess would drink and look for David to dwell on her misfortune. David had not known that there was so much sorrow in his mother’s heart.

He felt for his mother who was unable to receive the love of his father. And he was heartbroken for his mother who was deeply distressed to be raising the son of another woman as if it were her own child. He hated his father, and he resented his elder sister who treated Robin without reserve, not knowing that he was their half-brother. As for Robin, David felt an unbearable anger.

‘It’s always been like this. Father’s eyes are different when he looks at that bastard.’

His father was only rebuking and strict to him but when he looked at Robin, he laughed heartily. The anger in David’s heart gradually grew more and more.

His mother passed away before she could see his sister become Queen. David was also heartbroken about that. Although the relationship between his mother and his sister was cold, his mother was secretly proud of his sister for becoming the Crown princess.

David knew that one day, his father would die and there was something that he wanted to do on the very day that he became Duke.

‘Robin. I will definitely offer your neck to my mother’s spirit and resolve her grudge.’

* * *

David went to a bar with the vice-chairman, Sir. Harry in order to discuss the dismantling of the youth organization and also drink to soothe his upset heart. It was a high-class bar with a private room made for keeping the confidentiality of their customers.

“It is such a shame to be disbanding this way. I mean, the organization is only just staring to make a place for itself, Sir. Ramis.”

“It can’t be helped. My father is making a fuss about it. And I have to leave the capital.”

“Then, if you leave it to me, I will lead the group without linking it to you, Sir. Ramis. Shouldn’t the foundation be strengthened while Sir. Ramis is away from the capital? You have to have a hidden power to use for the future.”

David was tempted. Sir. Harry’s words had some truth to it. It was a waste to throw away the group that he had managed to build up so far.

“Well then, I’ll leave it to you, Sir. Harry. I will give you my support so you can become my strength. You don’t know how glad I am to have a talented person like Sir. Harry by my side.”

“You overpraise me. Sir. Ramis is going to do great things in the future and I simply want to be of help.”

David laughed in good cheer and patted Harry’s shoulder.

Harry had a deeply grateful look on his face but inwardly, he was breathing a sigh of relief. Such a backer couldn’t be found anywhere else. There was no better condition than hiding behind the big name of the Duke’s heir and growing in power.

David wasn’t foolish but by default, he hated someone being above him. He liked it when the smart ones lowered their head. If you seized that point and properly humored his feelings, he was easy to handle.

“I’ve given it some thought and I don’t think my father went through the hassle of investigating me. It’s definitely someone trying to slander me.”

“What you’re saying is reasonable. Do you have any guess or suspects?”

“I can only think of the Duke of Taran. That guy has been secretly vigilant against me for a long time.” 1

Had the Duke of Taran gone crazy to take a Duke’s heir who was nothing but a greenhorn as an opponent? Harry sneered at David’s unfounded pride. But on the surface, he earnestly showed his agreement.

Hearing Harry’s comfort and praise, David felt much better. When David was done drinking and was about to get up from his seat, an employee delivered a note to him.

‘Why does the bar owner want to see me?’

David sent Harry off and waited for a bit. The door to the room opened and seeing the person coming into the room, David’s eyes grew wide. Unexpectedly, it was an enchanting young beauty. The woman’s lips curled as she gave David a soft smile.

“It is an honor to meet your distinguished personage. I am called Anita.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 88
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (5)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

Lucia sluggishly rose to the sound of the maid waking her up. It was still dark outside. Yesterday, she told the maid to wake her up before her husband went out.

Lucia stretched, struggling to get rid of the sleepiness, and came down from the bed. While thinking that he was truly amazing to be able to wake up at the crack of dawn everyday like this, she shook her head back and forth. She washed her face, changed her clothes, and drank a glass of cold water to sober up.

“Is he in his bedroom?” (Lucia)

“Master is in his office. He plans to leave in about an hour, so the carriage is being prepared.” (Jerome)

Lucia took over the tea tray that Jerome was going to carry to his office.

“I apologize for taking your job as the butler.” (Lucia)

“Not at all, Milady.” (Jerome)

According to Jerome, there was no need to knock and she could just go inside, so Lucia quietly entered his office.

The air in his office was cool and the smell of antique furniture wafted through the air. There was a large desk located diagonally from the door, and the image of him sitting behind the desk and engrossed in his work came into sight.

Lucia stopped at a distance where she could see him in greater detail. The only thing that could be heard in the quiet office was the soft sound of pages turning.

The spacious desk was packed with a lot of things as if the tiniest gap could not be tolerated. They weren’t scattered randomly instead, the documents and books were lined up and ordered in their own way. The only area on the desk that could be called free space, was the width in front of him which he was using for handling the documents.

It was Lucia’s first time seeing him working. It was also her first time coming to his office with tea in her hands.

When they were in the north, she didn’t go into his office because there were a lot of confidential documents in there and she didn’t want people to be suspicious of her and think that she was going into his office to see such things. In addition, even without those suspicions, she was afraid that she would disturb his work so she didn’t go anywhere near his office.

The way he looked while concentrating on his work was really cool. Lucia’s heart began to race and her face grew flushed. She felt too sorry to interrupt him while he was concentrating on his work. She was fine with just standing there and looking at him.

The peacefulness of the calm morning where one could hear the refreshing sound of birds singing far away was also enjoyable.

* * *

Hugo was always sensitive to the signs of people approaching, no matter what he was focused on. The brutal days of his childhood, and his life on the battlefield had taught him to always be alert of his surroundings. He thought it was Jerome coming in as always and didn’t pay any more attention to it. He sensed someone coming in but there was no sign of them approaching him. Puzzled, he looked up, and couldn’t help but doubt his own eyes. Meeting his eyes, she gave him a shy smile as if she was embarrassed.

“...Vivian?”

It was a difficult time and place to expect to see her. Her figure which was approaching him with a smile was definitely real. Hugo continued to hold his pen and absentmindedly watched her as she place the tea tray on his desk.

“I hope I didn’t interrupt you.” (Lucia)

Lucia lifted the teapot and poured tea into the cup. She took the steaming cup of tea and placed it within his reach.

“No.”

Hugo quickly answered.

“I’d like to have a word with you. It won’t take long.” (Lucia)

It’s fine if it takes long. Hugo thought to himself as he nodded. The complicated plans and thoughts that were giving him a headache just a minute ago had all disappeared as if they were blown away by the wind. It would be slightly troublesome to create the loop of thoughts again, but it didn’t matter.

“Today is your birthday.” (Lucia)

“...Birthday?” (Hugo)

Seeing his expression as if he was hearing something bizarre, Lucia was convinced that as expected, he didn’t remember.

“The butler said that you do not celebrate your birthday. I don’t know, maybe you don’t want to remember it.”

Birthday.

Hugo had never give that word any meaning in his life. When he was young, he didn’t know when his birthday was, and after coming to Roam, he learnt of his brother’s birthday and judged that since they were twins, their birthday would be the same, hence he figured out the day he was born.

While acting as the young lord in place of his twin brother, he got birthday meals, but to him, that was the Young Lord Hugo’s birthday. He had never thought of it as really celebrating his birthday.

After becoming the Duke, he did not celebrate his birthday. Even if someone tried to remind him about it, he would refuse. Some time after his birthday was the anniversary of his brother’s death. He was more concerned about that day than his birthday. So at some point, he had completely forgotten that he had something like a birthday.

“I want to celebrate your birthday.” (Lucia)

Lucia was always bothered by the fact that his first birthday simply passed by when they were in the north after they got married. She felt bad because she thought that the reason why he didn’t celebrate his birthday was related to his tragic family history.

Anyone can be hurt in their life, big or small. He was a strong person but even if he was strong, he could still get hurt and experience pain.

Lucia was very hurt in her dream, and more than the pain, the hardest thing was that there was no one there to comfort her and say, ‘you’re hurt, aren’t you?’. Lucia wanted to be the person that would give him such comfort.

“This is my present.”

Lucia picked up the small box that she had put on the tea tray, placed it on the desk and pushed it towards him.

Hugo took turns looking at her face and at the gift box. The blood flowing through his veins was a curse. His birthday was the beginning of that curse. But his birth could be celebrated. It was a very strange feeling.

“No! Don’t look at it now.”

Hearing her cry, Hugo who was reaching out for the gift paused.

“Do it later. When I’m not there. My present isn’t much so...I’m embarrassed.” (Lucia)

Following Jerome’s advice, Lucia embroidered his name on a cotton handkerchief. She didn’t start the embroidery with the purpose of giving it to him as his birthday present. One piece seemed so empty, so she made one more, then she thought that three was better than two, and when she finished the condensed handkerchief of three, she realized that his birthday was approaching. 1

“There is no such thing for gifts.” 2 (Hugo)

“Still. Look at it later.” (Lucia)

It was unseemly for a birthday present. Lucia’s face burned at the thought that he might be disappointed. Would it have been better to just give it to him as a meaningless item rather than giving it to him as a birthday present?

Hugo chuckled seeing the indecisiveness on her face.

“Alright. I’ll look at it when you’re not there.”

“It’s because I had no idea what to do for your birthday present. I would be giving you a present with your own money.”

Hugo found her thoughts amusing and smiled. A substantial budget was set aside every year for the family’s Lady of the House. That money was undoubtedly the Lady of the House’s private asset. However, she still thought of that money as just public fund. Actually, public fund was the right expression. It was the principle of things to return the budget that remained by the end of the year.

However, there was no noblewoman that returned their budget. The jewelry purchased during a Lady of the House’s marriage belonged to that Lady of the House. When a divorced happened, they were able to take away all the jewelry without including it in the alimony. That was why the jewelry stores were usually crowded at the end of the year.

The fact that she returned a considerable amount of the budget last year had shocked him. At the time, he fretfully thought that she hated his money and thus refused it, but now he knew that she was originally such a person.

“Hugh. Your birthday, the day you were brought into this world, deserves to be celebrated. I want you to have a meaningful birthday.”

Hugo stood up and approached her in one stride, pulling her into his arms. It was the first and best present of his life.

“Thank you.” (Hugo)

Hugo clutched her tighter as emotions welled up in his chest. The warmth that filled his arms also made his heart feel warm. He buried his nose in her neck, enjoying her scent mixed with the faint scent of tea whirling in the air.

“I’ll stop disturbing you and go now.” (Lucia)

“It’s fine with me.” (Hugo)

Lucia barely managed to pull away from his sticky hold and left the office.

Seeing the closed office door, Hugo was very disappointed. Even though he said it was okay, she still left.

He looked at his hands, remembering the feeling of her body that was held gently in his arms. Really, what a heartless woman. It was always just him who wanted to hug and touch her a little while longer.

He heaved a long sigh, sweeping a hand through his hair. He didn’t know if he could get back to work. His wife’s sudden appearance in the morning had shaken him completely and his thoughts had gone out the window. Today was going to be a very long day.

Translator’s Corner:

1. I think she sews three pieces of cotton together. It’s honestly not very clear.

2. He’s saying that there is no rule when it comes to gifts. A gift is a gift.

< — Memories of Mother — > (5)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

While lamenting to himself, Hugo turned around and went back to his desk. Then he noticed the gift that she left behind.

He wondered what kind of gift it was for her to tell him not to look at it when she was around. Curiosity rose to replace the sense of loss he felt from her disappearance and his mood brightened a little.

He sat on his chair and untied the ribbon around the box. After opening the box and looking inside, he quietly stared at its content. Inside the box was a beautifully folded snow-white handkerchief. He picked up the handkerchief. The rough texture of cotton on his fingertips was a familiar feeling to him. He stared at the name embroidered on the corner of the handkerchief for a while.

Hugo leaned down and opened up the lowest drawer of his desk. And he took out the handkerchief that was valuably stored inside.

A flower-embroidered handkerchief that was embroidered with slightly clumsy skill. And a handkerchief with his name embroidered on it.

He put the two pieces side by side. With folded arms, he looked at the two handkerchiefs spread out on the table.

His heart felt like it was being tickled but his stomach was churning. He felt like he had touched something squishy that flared up when it was touched. Hugo couldn’t explain what he was feeling. It was an emotion he was feeling for the first time in his life. It wasn’t breathtaking, his heart was beating faster and he felt like he had a vague hold of it.

Hugo went over each of the human emotions that he knew about in his mind. The feelings that he knew of by dictionary definition but had never felt before. It took him a long time to find the word that matched his current feelings.

Touched. Was this the feeling of being ‘touched’? Do people usually live feeling like this? For the first time, Hugo envied the people who enjoyed ordinary emotions like laughing and crying. It was an unbelievably pleasant feeling.

When he heard a knock on his door, Hugo packed up the handkerchiefs and stored them in his drawer. Jerome came in.

“We are ready to head out. Fabian is waiting in front of the carriage, Your Grace.” (Jerome)

Hugo thought for a moment then stood up.

“Tell him to come in and wait.” (Hugo)

Jerome bowed his head in response to his master who walked past him and left the office. Jerome walked up to the desk to tidy up the tea tray. Seeing as the teacup was full, his master didn’t drink from it and when he opened the lid of the teapot, there was cold tea left inside.

‘He must have been too busy to even drink tea.’

It wasn’t an isolated incident, so Jerome didn’t think anything of it and took care of the tea tray.

* * *

Lucia sat on the bedroom sofa, using her free time to embroider more handkerchiefs for Damian. She could tell the passage of time from the length of the morning sunlight entering her bedroom. She felt like she was being very productive because she was doing something at such an early hour.

She finished one piece and carefully examined it. She had embroidered Damian’s name so many times already, so it looked very neat.

‘I certainly have no talent for embroidery.’

Even though she had been embroidering for quite the long time, her skill in embroidery didn’t increase. It only improved because she was embroidering the same thing, if she changed the pattern, her clumsy skill would show again.

When she thought of the handkerchief that she gave him, she felt embarrassed. His name was an unfamiliar pattern, so the completion didn’t look that skillful.

“Bring me a glass of water.”

She told the maid that was sitting in the corner. When a glass suddenly appeared from above her head, Lucia was surprised at the maid’s rudeness and lifted her head. Arms came from behind the sofa and wrapped around her shoulders. It was a familiar feeling and scent.

“Hugh.”

“You’re working hard this morning.”

Lucia took the glass of water and put the needlework in her hand into the basket next to her.

‘He has seen the gift.’

Her face burned and she gulped down the water. She deliberately gave him the gift in the morning because if she gave it to him in the evening, it would have been too embarrassing to see his face right after. She felt embarrassed because he didn’t know her plans and came straight to her afterwards.

“You’re so devoted to the boy.” (Hugo)

“...Yes?” (Lucia)

“What good is a child? They’re all just ‘I’m finding my way in life’.”

Lucia burst into laughter. He sounded like an old man who was feeling the shortness of time after working hard to raise his child all this time.

“I’m doing your share too. Because you don’t show much interest.” (Lucia)

“You shouldn’t smother the boy too much.” (Hugo)

“I don’t smother him that much. Are you going out now?”

Lucia peeled off his arms thar were wrapped around her from behind and stood up from the sofa. She had never sent him off at such an early hour unless he was leaving rather late. She couldn’t do it every day, but sometimes, she wondered if she should give it a try. At some point while Lucia was pondering, he had walked in front of her.

“Vivian.”

Before she could reply, he pulled her by the waist, took the back of her neck and pressed his lips onto hers. He sucked on her lower lip and through the crack of her lips, he invaded her mouth deeply. His tongue coiled around her tongue as they came into contact. Her fingertips felt electrified. Lucia let out a small moan and her hands which were on his chest trembled.

His tongue retreated for a moment then reached for her throat, sweeping over the roof of her mouth. Lucia couldn’t think straight because of the sudden deep kiss. She was caught in his arms and could only step backwards as he led.

He leaned over, continuing to kiss her as she pressed against the sofa and plunked down on the seat. He towered over her as if he was half-leaning on her.

Lucia wrapped her arms around his neck. It was a deep kiss that caressed every corner of her mouth. It caused the heat in her body to rise and stimulated her desire. It was not a fresh kiss to say goodbye. It was the seduction of a man longing for a woman.

She got up early, so her exhausted body had loosened up. Every corner of the room was clearly visible with the bright morning light and because of the unexpected tackling of the man in front of her, Lucia was both flustered and heated up. His erotic kiss easily made her thoughts collapse.

His lips touched the rim of her ear, went under her chin and moved down her neck. When his hand grabbed her breast over her clothes, her body flinched.

“Hugh. You have to...you have to go out.”

“My schedule was postponed.”

If the Fabian who was waiting heard this sentence, he would have grabbed somebody by the neck.

* * *

“Why the hell isn’t he coming down? We can barely make it even if we leave now.”

Fabian paced around Jerome’s office, unable to sit still for even a moment.

“Is it an important schedule?”

“There is no schedule that isn’t important!”

‘There is also no schedule that can’t be cancelled,’ thought Jerome.

“You know this isn’t my job, don’t be like this. Go up and bring him down.” (Fabian)

Jerome slowly drank his tea as if he didn’t hear a single word. It was a change of pace and a relaxing time for the always busy butler. Jerome enjoyed the leisureness of the morning.

“When the both of them are in the bedroom, nobody goes up to the second floor.”

“Why?”

Do you really have to ask? Seeing the weird look Jerome was giving him, Fabian’s face grew red-hot and he fumed.

“Hey! Aish seriously. I’ll go and bring him down myself!” (Fabian)

“Then, I need to inform sister-in-law.” (Jerome)

“Why?”

“To prepare flowers for your funeral.”

Fabian’s face became distorted. He stalked off to the door with a seething expression. Jerome was worried that he might really have to hold his brother’s funeral and asked, “Where are you going?”

“Going to handle the cancelled schedule!”

Fabian noisily banged the door as he left.

“That guy, his temper is getting worse. He isn’t like that to sister-in-law, is he?”

Jerome mumbled to himself as he leisurely drank his remaining tea.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 89
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Memories of Mother — > (6)

Hugo’s hand climbed up her ankles to her calf, reaching beneath her skirt and groping around her thigh. And in one go, he pulled down the few layers of underwear she wore underneath her skirt, which was her chemise and her pant. He stripped off her underwear from below her knee and threw it to the floor.

As her lower body suddenly got breezy, Lucia wrung her legs together. His hand burrowed into her firmly shut thighs.

“Hnn...”

Lucia didn’t know what to do in this sudden situation. There were times when he flirted on the bed and extended their night affair into the morning. But this was the first time that he was jumping on her like this. She was both surprised and embarrassed, then again, she was also getting more excited.

While his lips bothered her neck, his hand entered into her clothes and kneaded her breast. His other hand rubbed her dewy tender flesh. His fingers rubbed against her vaginal entrance which was slippery with love juice, and entered inside. He went in and out several times, shallowly penetrating inside. The movements of his finger produced wet frictional sounds.

“Ah!”

When his finger touched somewhere, Lucia grabbed his shirt and squeezed it. He took his lips away from kissing her neck and lifted his head. Lucia looked at him with reddish, heated-up eyes. In the bright light, his red eyes looked much more clearer. The fire burning in his eyes seemed as if it would swallow her whole. His fingers stopped groping inside of her and slid out of her vagina.

Hugo took her by the arm, hugged her to his body, sat on the sofa and sat her down on his thigh. He let her head rest on his shoulder then he unfastened the buttons on her back. He was very impatient, but he still had room to enjoy the slightly annoying process of undoing her buttons.

He only loosened the buttons leading to her waist then he stripped her upper body. He peeled off her thin sleeve-less underwear. Then he grabbed her other underwear, which was covering her bulging breasts and pulled it down. He took her exposed bouncing breast into his mouth, swallowing it in one gulp.

“Ah...”

His hand held her waist as he bit into her breast. He rolled his tongue around the tip of her stiffened nipple and clamped down on it with his lips then rubbed it with a little force.

Lucia hugged his head with her arms and panted. Her back was covered in goosebumps. Her body tingled from head to toe as if it was going numb. His tongue moved as if it would dig through the tip of her nipple causing her to moan. Her lower abdomen squeezed painfully, and hot liquid flowed from her spring.

He lifted his body and took down his trousers. Then he grabbed her by the hips and pulled her closer. He grabbed her thighs, lifted her body up slightly, then he held his member and moved it little by little beneath her. He had to rely on his senses because her lower body was covered by her skirt and he couldn’t see anything.

Lucia was moving her hand on his shoulder when a certain hot thing touched the delicate area between her legs, startling her and her body stiffened. Feeling the tip of his manhood touching her petite entrance, he pulled her down slowly, sitting her onto his embodiment. His hot flesh opened her narrow door, finding a path and entering inside.

“Hk...”

“Huu...”

Their lower bodies were completely connected. Hugo hugged her body with both arms and buried his head in her bosom. Her tight inside was smooth and hot. The pleasure was enough to drown him. His lower abdomen throbbed like it was in pain. Inside of her, his core was thumping like a heartbeat. He clenched his teeth in worry and hugged her tighter.

* * *

“Ah...haa...”

Lucia was exhausted and gasped for breath. Her whole body was soaked with sweat and slippery. On her lower body, the semen he poured inside her was flowing along her thighs and buttocks. As Lucia lay face down on the bed, he bit her neck. Even the pain turned to pleasure and her whole body trembled with excitement.

Like an herbivore caught by the throat, Lucia was unable to rebel and offered her body to him. His hand grabbed her butt roughly. Since the path between her legs was already loosened, his erect rod didn’t lose any momentum and went straight in.

“Hn... Ng.”

The smell of his body mixed with sweat and the pungent smell of chestnut blossoms filled the room. Lucia’s vision flickered, causing her to close her eyes and then slowly open them.

He pressed his arms against the bed, thrusting into her with quick, short motions. Lucia moaned whenever the tip of his rod penetrated her. She was rendered breathless by the endless, continuous stimulation.

It was a bright morning with a clear view of the wrinkled sheets. The bedroom with all the curtains open was too bright. The fact that she was doing this kind of thing with him this morning, brought her unknown sense of guilt. It was such a depraved way of living.

“Hugh. What time is it...”

“I wonder.”

His large hands grabbed her hips, pulling her body upwards and towards him. Her cheeks that were touching the sheets were dragged along, causing friction. He moved backwards, pulling out the part of him that filled up her body. The sensation of him slowly pulling out from her body caused her to shudder. Her waist reflexively twitched.

He ruthlessly slammed into her as if wanting to split her body into two and the sound of their flesh slapping together resounded through the room.

“Ah!”

“We have a lot of time, Vivian. You don’t have to fret.”

Hugo huskily whispered in her ear. Their breathing was in sync as they panted and their bodies dragged along the sheet causing it to crinkle. The sound of wet flesh slapping together was shudderingly erotic.

“Who...hn...is fretting...”

“Your body is. Do you know how erotic your inside is? It’s clamping down on me.”

The folds of her narrow, supple flesh pressing against his penis stimulated him to no end. His wife’s body always drove him crazy. He felt more than just physical pleasure, he felt a sense of fullness. When he held her, there was no sense of emptiness after the pleasure of climax. The satisfaction was akin to filling up an empty stomach that had experienced long starvation.

Lucia couldn’t refute his words. Although it was too much and exhausting, her body reacted to him non-stop. Sex with him was always pleasurable and tormenting. The pleasure he gave was utterly difficult to deny.

As he drilled into her over and over again, the slowly climbing wave of pleasure became a huge tidal wave and swept her away. Her vision went hazy and her consciousness went dark. All the hairs on her body stood up.

“Aaaah!!”

Her whole body trembled as she screamed, and she could hear him groaning from behind her. She reached her climax, and his rigid penis recklessly moved in her inner walls, invading her several times.

Lucia couldn’t even scream properly at the immense pleasure that seemed to have turned her brain into mush. Her mouth hung open and she trembled. After going at it intensely, he uttered a guttural moan. Hot semen gushed into her womb. Although she had experienced it many times, it was still a strange feeling. Lucia recoiled and gasped for breath.

Her inner walls squeezed tightly, and he pulled out his huge penis from her pressuring innards. He took her by the arm and her body was powerlessly turned around. When she unintentionally lowered her gaze, she saw his penis positioned at her center, glistening with cum and already standing up again.

‘...Ah...I’m done for.’

< — Memories of Mother — > (6)

Lucia made a long face and turned her head away. He grabbed her chin, turning her to face him and covered her open lips with his own. He sucked on her lips and swiftly invaded her mouth with his tongue, ravaging every corner of it. Every time his tongue brushed against hers, she felt a sense of thrill course through her fingertips.

As a finishing touch, he loudly kissed and sucked on her lower lip then he lowered his head to bite her neck. He didn’t bite very hard so it didn’t hurt and only stung as he sucked on it.

“Ng. Hugh. The neck marks...” (Lucia)

Apart from their early days of marriage in the north, he did his best not to leave marks in visible places such as her neck because she didn’t like it.

“Stay at home until it disappears.” (Hugo)

“Why are you like this, seriously. You’re getting more and more unreasonable.” (Lucia)

Hugo put his hand around her back to support her as she criticized him and lifted her exhausted body. He took her arms and placed them around his neck. He perched Lucia on his thighs, bringing her close enough that he could feel her breath. He kissed her tiredly drooping eyelids as if he was persistently pecking at them.

“I’m getting more unreasonable?” (Hugo)

“You’re doing more of what I don’t want to show to the servants, aren’t you?” (Lucia)

“Hmm. Do you want me to show you what real unreasonableness is?”

“This is what I mean by unreasonable!”

When he smiled, Lucia glared at him. He cupped her face with hands and kissed her nose.

“Hugh. Are we done?”

“Mm. Not yet.”

She meant they should stop but he tried to outsmart her. Speechless, she pushed against his chest and twisted her waist. Rather than stopping her, he grabbed both of her thighs and lifted them. Lucia gave up and leaned on his shoulder.

His firm rod was sucked into her as her vaginal walls opened to receive him. Her head flinched reflexively, bring her mind into focus. A tingling sense of pleasure ran up her spine. Even though she was so tired that she couldn’t lift a finger, it was harder for her when her body was reacting wholeheartedly.

“Ah...Ung...”

Every time he bounced his waist, her body shook up and down. With her arms around his neck, Lucia let out a groan. She was shaken up and down several times, then her body fell back onto the bed again. As she lay on her side, he thrust in deeply between her overlapping legs and stirred up her insides.

“Hng.”

Due to being shaken countless times, she felt like everything was spinning around her. Despite that, her inner walls squeezed his thing and aggressively reacted to him. Like this, it was embarrassing to even tell him to stop.

He grabbed her thin ankles and spread them apart. As she lay facing him, a heavy pressure pushed its way inside her. Quick, shallow insertions followed.

Lucia was out of energy and she couldn’t lift a finger, yet the stimulations kept on coming. With misty eyes, she looked at his strong, muscular body that was glistening with sweat. The eyes of the man craving for her was filled with overflowing desire.

Lucia felt happy about his passionate want for her. Her lower abdomen throbbed and squeezed tighter. He shut his eyes with a frown. The sight was sexy to her, and her stimulated insides tightened again. He winced for a moment, swallowing a groan and then began to move again.

While moaning weakly, Lucia repeatedly travelled to the threshold between sleepiness and alertness. And at some point, she fell asleep.

* * *

Lucia opened her eyes, feeling lazy and warm. Clouds of steam were drifting in the air and warm water was lapping against her chest. A wide chest with firm muscles was pressed against her back and an arm was wrapped around her waist, supporting her body. Lucia blinked, trying to grasp the situation around her. He was holding her and sitting inside the bathtub.

“Hugh. What...time is it now?”

“I don’t know. Why do you keep asking for the time?”

Hugo gently kissed the back of her neck. He continued planting kisses from neck to her shoulder.

“Aren’t you going out today?”

“Do you want me to go out?”

His voice sounded sour so Lucia checked to see his expression and laughed.

“I mean, a busy person like you is relaxing with nothing planned, so I’m wondering.”

“I chose today as my free day.”

Fabian was currently sweating buckets and working hard to smooth things over with the canceled itinerary. Hugo didn’t feel sorry for the troubled Fabian at all. It was his subordinate’s job. If he didn’t have this much authority, then what was the benefit of enduring a life where he worked day and night?

Hugo grabbed her breast with his hand that was holding her waist and twisted her sensitive nipple with his fingers. His other hand slipped between her legs.

Lucia’s body twitched and shook every time she was stimulated by his touch. He squeezed her chest with both of his hands, caressing them as he trailed kisses along her back. As she moaned faintly, Lucia lifted her chin and leaned the back of her head against his shoulder. She closed her eyes and let herself sink into his erotic caresses.

Hugo turned his head to the side and kissed her lips. After licking her lips a few times, he slightly bit and sucked her lower lip then he pushed his tongue into her open mouth.

He leisurely stroked every corner of her mouth with his tongue. Their tongues entangled back and forth and their lips moved, clinging to each other as if they wanted to swallow each other whole. He wove his tongue deeper into her mouth, and repeatedly sucked on her lips. When they were almost breathless, the long kiss came to an end and his hands that were kneading her breasts went down to lift her by the waist.

‘Ah...’

His erect penis slowly entered through her vaginal walls. The feeling was slightly dull because they were in the water, but when he entered all the way to the hilt and she sat down on his thighs, the place deep inside of her body tingled and ached. The filling pressure from below was already making her breathless, then he lifted his waist.

“Hng.”

Her body tilted forward and his arms caught her, holding her across the chest. She clung to his arms and her body shook up and down every time he bobbed his waist. The water surface splashed against her body.

“Ah!”

He began to thrust upwards faster. Perhaps because of the heat from the water, Lucia felt worn out instantly. Letting out a moan that was more like a scream, Lucia leaned on his arms and shook senselessly.

Suddenly, he pulled out and picked her by the waist and shoulders. He turned her to face him and stood up with her in his arms. Feeling anxious from being in the air, she wrapped her arms around her neck and as soon as she wrapped her legs around his waist, his penis pierced her from below.

“Haak!”

His hard member repeatedly penetrated her, ravaging her body. His strong grip held her butt tight, and he repeated his movements without pause. Her willful inner walls squeezed his thing tight and spasmed as it clamped down on him. Chills crept up her back and a shuddering sense of pleasure struck her entire body.

“Ang!”

She mewled as her body trembled in climax and he also moaned and ejaculated into her. Still clinging to his neck, Lucia continued to breath heavily. As the both of them were still connected, the fluids from inside her flowed down his thigh.

He sat back down in the bathtub with her in his embrace. Lucia leaned on his chest, feeling the buoyancy of the warm water rising to her chest and she closed her eyes.

“I can’t do it anymore.”

When he didn’t reply, she opened her eyes and lifted her head.

“Hugh!”

He chuckled and kissed her lightly on the lips.

“How about tonight after you get some sleep?”

“You really have no conscience!”

Lucia shrieked. Seeing him snickering, she didn’t even have energy to get angry so she just leaned on his body again. She felt him planting light kisses on her face but even that was tiring now. Lucia closed her eyes, not reacting to anything like a dead person and fell asleep again.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 90
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (1)

Having received the trust of the Duke who was a high-ranking noble, Fabian was the ideal for his subordinates and a subject of respect.

Hugo found it annoying to instruct people about everything, so he tended to leave things in the hands of fewer people. Therefore, Fabian handled a lot more important work compared to his position.

Although the Duke of Taran gave a lot of work, he wasn’t one to torment his subordinates. He was a very decent master. If he entrusted someone with something, he didn’t interfere in the middle and if one made a tolerable mistake, acknowledged it and asked for forgiveness, he would let it pass. But in exchange, there was no second chance if your results failed to meet his criteria. You would just be cleanly relieved of your duties. Perhaps it was even scarier that way.

In that sense, Fabian was talented to have preserved his position for so long. And he was a rather infamous boss. It was said that if you endured three years under Fabian, you would get gray hair and wrinkles in proportion to your increase in work ability.

With his legs on the table and half lying down on his chair in an arrogant posture, Fabian received the reports from his subordinates. Subordinate-1 gave his report.

“There is no problem with the target.” (S-1)

Subordinate-1’s target was Anna, former doctor of the Ducal household. Anna was under watch to see if she was keeping to the confidentiality contract. Recently, Anna had been raking in money with the production of a headache medicine.

Fabian nodded as he looked at the brief report on Anna’s routine, “You may go now.” Subordinate-1 left and the next person came in.

Subordinate-2’s target was the Countess of Falcon. The woman whom Fabian simply disliked unconditionally. The day when he visited the Countess of Falcon to give her a warning on his lord’s behalf was simply refreshing.

“There is no specific movement from the target. Nowadays, it is seldom for the target to run around because of business issues. She is dedicated to running the few bars that she owns.” (S-2)

Fabian looked through the report. There was nothing remarkable apart from the fact that the Countess of Falcon practically lived in her bar from morning till night. While attracting customers by being an active hostess, the bar was doing better than before.

“You may go now.” (Fabian)

The next person entering was subordinate-3 and his target was David.

“The target is preparing to leave the capital soon. As of late, there is no remarkable activity apart from stopping at a bar every evening.” (S-3)

“A bar, huh... is there anyone he’s seeing at this bar?” (Fabian)

“He’s going alone. There is no one accompanying him.”

Fabian scrutinized the report.

“Is he depressed and drowning himself in alcohol?”

After reading the part about David going to the bar everyday, Fabian furrowed his brows. The name of the bar looked familiar. He opened the report regarding the Countess of Falcon and checked the bar that she owned. It was the same bar.

‘Is it a coincidence?’

The Countess of Falcon had a talent for liquor business. She had several bars that handles customers according to levels determined by their status and wealth, and they were all prevailing. The bars were completely owned by the Countess so even when she had lost the investment, there was no damage to them. The bar that David visited frequently was a high-class bar which was a favorite of nobles. However, something was suspicious.

“Find out who the target is in contact with at the bar. Report what he talks about with the staff too.” (Fabian)

“Yes, sir.” (Subordinate-3)

After that, Fabian heard the reports of his subordinates one after another. This was the time he was most rewarded for his work.

* * *

Fabian stopped by the ducal residence to give an interim report on the people that Hugo asked him to pay special attention to.

David had officially withdrawn from his group and the Vice-Chairman of the group, Baron Harry, took up the presidency and retained the youth association. He changed the name of the group to ‘Future Youth’s Association’ and it remained almost identical to the established group except for some slight changes such as a few members leaving.

After looking at the report that documented the personal information of all the members of the youth association, Hugo said,

“That bastard is still supporting the group.”

David withdrew but still funded the youth association informally.

“Yes. His aide met with the target and handed over the funds.”

Hugo thought, ‘It seems a dog was born from a tiger.’ He didn’t know how such a son came out from the Duke of Ramis.

“He went down to the Ramis fief, I believe?” (Hugo) 1

“Yes. He left a few days ago.” (Fabian)

David would return to the capital one day but for the time being, he had disappeared, so Hugo didn’t plan to pay David any more attention. It would be a waste of time. For now, he was going to carefully watch the activities of several people in the group, including Harry who was leading it. If an opportunity arose, he planned to make good use of it and get rid of them completely.

“Keep watching the activities of the group and keep track of the key figures in the group.” (Hugo)

“Yes, Your Grace. I did not include this in the report, but I have something to inform you. Before the target went down to the fief, he visited a bar almost every day. That bar is owned by the Countess of Falcon.” (Fabian)

Hugo looked over the report again and lifted his gaze. An unexpected person had appeared.

The Countess of Falcon? Hugo had already forgotten about her a long time ago. He hadn’t thought about her since he ordered for his investment to be pulled out from her business.

Among all the women Hugo had met, the Countess of Falcon was the most faithful to her desire. She acknowledged that their meeting each other was simply based on desire. She was a woman that understood to put distance and didn’t become clingy. There was no way Hugo could guess the darkness that was currently in the Anita’s heart because of her resentment towards the Duchess.

“Did they meet?” (Hugo)

“Rather than a private meeting, it was relationship between a customer and the owner of a bar. A feature of the bar is to provide a private room for each customer. When the Count of Ramis arrives, Countess Falcon enters the room for about an hour or two before leaving. I was unable to find out what was being talked about in the room.” (Fabian)

“Did they spend the night together?” (Hugo)

“There was no such instance. The Countess visited all the rooms where a VIP customer or a regular of the bar looked for her. There were quite a lot of people that came to the bar to have a conversation with the Countess. She’s apparently a good talker.” (Fabian)

“So, saying that it is not in the report, means that there is nothing to report.”

“...Yes.”

Simply looking at the circumstantial evidence, David and Anita were just customer and bar owner. A witch gifted in bewitching people like Anita would easily be able to comfort David who was upset at being chased down to the fief and make him her regular customer.

The both of them never met at any place other than the bar. According to the person with sharp eyes who was planted there, although Anita always went into David’s room after he came, there was no evidence of sexual contact between the two of them in the private room. They were really just talking.

Before Fabian could attempt to figure out what they were talking about, David left for the fief. There would be no more visits to the bar. In addition, Fabian couldn’t think of any plot that the two of them could be cooking up.

If Fabian knew of the crush that David had on the Duchess, or of the hideous jealousy in Anita’s heart, he might have been able to widen the scope of possible troubles. But Fabian knew neither of those. Because Lucia had rejected David’s love letter in a hallway with no one to see, the incident did not spread and become a rumor.

“Something about it must be bothering you.” (Hugo)

“There is no rational basis, but yes.” (Fabian)

Hugo trusted Fabian’s capability. Even though Fabian didn’t know the reason himself, he subconsciously sensed that something was there.

Hugo suddenly remembered that the Countess of Falcon had done a background check on his wife a long time ago. At the time, he only thought it was reprehensible, but it wasn’t something that the woman he knew as knowledgeable on when to cleanly withdraw would do. There was nothing bad in being careful.

“Put a tail on the two of them.” (Hugo)

“Yes. I will do so.” (Fabian)

Fabian could feel the trust his lord had in him and he was filled with pride.

“What about the item I was looking for? The pendant.” (Hugo)

The corner of Fabian’s lips which were curling up in joy flopped down.

“I’m currently looking for it.” (Fabian)

“Still? Why is it taking so long to find one item?” (Hugo)

“I apologize. I will focus even more manpower on it.”

His lord rarely ever urged him on after giving him work to do. Fabian decided that this was going to be on the top of his to-do list, starting tomorrow.

Translator’s Corner:

1. It doesn’t say Ramis territory. I put Ramis in there so you know which territory is being talked about.

< — I love you — > (1)

After the coronation party, Lucia went about her social activities in only small-scale tea parties. Then after a long interval, a huge party was held at the Royal Palace. It was a charity dinner for women alone.

The King decided to extort money from the nobles in order to raise funds to look after the begging orphans in the capital. It was the first charity dinner held by the new King since his accession. It was going to be attended by many nobles so there was no choice but to open the vault.

The King left the hosting of the party to Katherine. The arrangement could help the national budget, and also help to his sister in her social activities. It was killing two birds with one stone.

Katherine enthusiastically made arrangements for the task given to her by her elder brother. With aspirations to hold a party of the highest scale, she sent invitations to all the decent aristocrats in the capital. Needless to say, Lucia received an invitation. An invitation alone was not enough; Katherine sent someone to receive a definite confirmation of attendance from Lucia.

Antoine visited the ducal residence in the morning to help with the preparations for the party that would be starting at noon. This time, Antoine made the dress with all of her effort. It was the biggest challenge for her to make a dress with ‘virtuous’ as the criteria.

The light red dress was very modest for Antoine’s standards. The neckline was high enough to cover the collarbone, and everything was covered till the wrists. It was just, the material for the shoulders and the arms were made of semi-transparent lace, giving the dress a somewhat sensual feeling. Antoine thought that this was a very large compromise for her standards.

Lucia wore the dress and made a final check in front of the mirror. A maid entered and scuttled to her side before speaking.

“Master is about to head out.”

A little while later, Hugo entered the receiving room.

When she looked away from the mirror to smile at him, Hugo paused. Today, she looked pure and at the same time, alluring. It was such a shame he had to go to work. He walked up to her, hugged her waist lightly and kissed her on the cheek.

“I have to head out first. When are you leaving?” (Hugo)

“In about an hour or so.” (Lucia)

Hugo lowered his gaze to look at her dress.

“It’s a new dress from the designer.” (Lucia)

“Hm.” (Hugo)

Hugo made a brief sound and turned to look at Antoine. He still had some bitterness towards the blabber-mouth designer. 1 He also didn’t like the dress his wife was wearing. It didn’t have a lot of exposure but weirdly, it evoked a sensual feeling. However, because the party his wife was attending was only for women, he decided to let it go.

While Antoine bowed her head in greeting, she was inwardly exploding with dissatisfaction.

‘If you dare say this is still not modest, I’ll spread that the Duke of Taran has delusional jealousy.’

When the Duke of Taran withdrew his gaze without saying anything, Antoine lifted her head slightly in relief. She watched the ducal couple ask each other about their activities of the day, saying things like ‘When will the party end?’ or ‘You said you’ll be coming home late, right?’.

‘Aren’t they going to see each other again this evening? Why are they acting like they’re breaking up forever?’

Antoine glanced at the maid only to see the maid standing there, completely unmoved and nonchalant, as if saying this was an everyday occurrence.

Ever since the coronation party, Antoine had been hearing the same thing about the ducal couple from the noblewomen that visited her boutique. The refined noblewomen said that the couple’s relationship was intimate, the expressive noblewomen said that the Duke’s eyes were as sweet as honey when he looked at his wife, and the rumor-mongering noblewomen said that the Duke of Taran had completely fallen in love with his wife and refused to separate from her.

‘Rumors have to be listened to with a double filter but the exaggerated rumor that the Duke of Taran has completely fallen in love is right.’

That was the Antoine’s thought after witnessing the ducal couple of the rumors.

* * *

“Welcome.”

Katherine greeted Lucia in a very pleasant mood. Because their range of activities was different, it was hard for them to meet easily and Katherine was continuously disappointed.

Katherine stuck to Lucia and went around with her as if Lucia was a co-host of the party. The noblewomen who knew Katherine’s prickly temper were astonished and whispered amongst themselves. It led to the speculation that the Duchess who already had the backing of Duke Taran, was now also strengthening her relationship with the royal family. The people approaching Lucia became more persistent.

“Duchess, you are growing more beautiful everyday. The dress you’re wearing must be Antoine’s latest work. It wasn’t in the design book.”

The rumor that Antoine was the exclusive designer of the Duchess had already become widespread.

“Countess, you are also shining today. The feathers on your hat are very charming. It must be a very precious item.” (Lucia)

Lucia gave a suitable response to the showy Countess who was classifying people by their clothing.

“Ho-ho-ho. As expected, Duchess has a good eye. Indeed. This is very precious. I pestered my husband for three days and three nights before I managed to get it. Would you like me to introduce you to the feather merchant, Duchess?” (Countess)

“I’d appreciate it.” (Lucia)

Katherine had a strong personality and fierce manner of speaking but because she was next to Lucia, her rose-thorn-like prickliness was whittled down. The noblewomen were somewhat able to approach Katherine more comfortably than before.

“Countess. I believe your daughter made her social debut not too long ago. She has a lot to learn.” (Katherine)

Katherine’s tone was rough, as if she was indicating that Countess’ daughter was lacking in a lot of places. The Countess’ expression stiffened slightly and as the atmosphere began to harden, Lucia spoke up.

“Why didn’t you come with her today, Countess? She could have learnt a lot. Experience is learning. Even if she wasn’t sent an invitation, the Princess would have gladly welcomed the young lady if she was accompanied by Countess.” (Lucia)

Katherine primly added to her words.

“Sure. Bring her next time.” (Katherine)

The Countess smiled delightfully and replied.

“Actually, my daughter wanted to come with me today. I will introduce her when there’s an opportunity.” (Countess)

Katherine’s gaze fell on Lucia who was talking with someone else and a pleasant smile tugged at the corner of her lips.

Translator’s Corner:

1. He thinks she blabbed about the contract to Lucia.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 91
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (2)

As Lucia was leaving the break room, she gently bumped into a woman who was entering and drew back slightly.

“What do you think you’re doing! How can you be so careless! Don’t you know who this is!”

A sharp, angry voice butted in. A noblewoman from who knows where, suddenly showed up and condemned the woman who had bumped into Lucia. Lucia didn’t remember the exact name, but she knew that the noblewoman was some Countess. There were a lot of Countesses, so it was easy to mix them up.

“I’m...I’m sorry. I’m really sorry.” (?)

“Oh my goodness! You got makeup on her dress! What are you going to do about this!” (Countess)

The Countess yelled as if the worst thing in the world had happened. Her shrill voice was very irritating. Lucia looked at the part of her shoulder where the Countess was furiously pointing to.

‘How did she even see this?’

Indeed, there was a little makeup stain, but it was very little. Lucia felt like she should at least acknowledge the sharp eyes of the Countess who was making a big deal out of nothing.

As Lucia looked at the woman who was bowing and apologizing repeatedly, her mind flew back to the person she was in her dream. The person back then was very clumsy, kept making mistakes and wished she could find a hole to breathe in. The extremely flustered woman in front of her seemed very pitiful. Lucia calmed the Countess who was in a rage beside her.

“I don’t wish to raise my voice in a nice occasion so that is enough. I am fine.” (Lucia)

“Ehem. How can you be so generous, Duchess? Your regard is as magnificent as your beauty.”

The Countess now began to heap praises on Lucia.

‘I’m tired.’

Lucia was learning the weariness of being surrounded by people these days.

“It is also my mistake for not checking in front of me. Are you alright?” (Lucia)

The woman who was fidgeting with her head bowed, flinched in surprise when she heard Lucia’s words.

“I...I am fine. I have committed...such an act of rudeness...to the Duchess...”

“It’s fine. Which family are you from? I don’t think I’ve seen you before.” (Lucia)

“I am...Alisa of the Count Matin family.”

Lucia’s heart lurched wildly. It was the current wife of Count Matin. Lucia remembered hearing the woman’s name in her dream. Alisa was the second wife of Count Matin whom he divorced before marrying Lucia. Lucia heard that after the divorce, Alisa left the capital and went to her parent’s home in the west. Therefore, Lucia had never seen her face before.

“...I see. I hope you enjoy the party.” (Lucia)

Lucia gave a slight nod in greeting and walked past her. She didn’t want to be connected to anything related to the Count of Matin. Even if it was the former wife who was another sacrificial lamb for that bastard.

‘So they haven’t gotten divorced yet.’

The Countess’ slouched shoulders and wooden expression that reflected distress were just like herself in the dream. While Lucia felt sympathy for the Countess, she also felt irritated by a strange sense of displeasure.

The Count of Matin had three sons from three different mothers. The youngest son, Bruno, was the son of the ex-wife who got divorced before Lucia became the Countess. Since Bruno was one year older than Damian, he was probably ten years old now.

[It’s the start of a long day, Countess.]

Bruno never called Lucia ‘mother’. He was a cheeky boy who called her Countess every single time without fail. However, Lucia didn’t hate the precocious boy whose eyes were filled with emptiness.

The other two sons of the Count were not that different in age from Lucia, so they ignored each other as if they were complete strangers. The only conversation they had was greeting each other. Unlike them, Bruno would have brief conversations with her when they crossed path sometimes. It was not the friendly sort of conversation. Bruno usually had a sarcastic tone unlike that of a child. But still, Bruno was the only person she talked to in the count residence.

[How did you get into this hell?]

Lucia only smiled weakly at the boy’s mocking words.

The boy stared at Lucia and said:

[My mother succeeded in running away. She threw away all her burdens and got to live very freely.]

The boy’s eyes were dreary. Lucia sensed that the boy included himself in the ‘burdens’ he mentioned.

[Do you want to see your mother?] (Lucia)

The boy’s silence was long. Nevertheless, his reply was short and firm.

[No. Never.]

One day, Bruno called Lucia when she returned home exhausted after attending a ball. It was late at night and the child should have been sleeping.

[Countess. Shall I let you in on an interesting secret?]

Bruno brought Lucia to an empty room that wasn’t very far from her bedroom. She probably wouldn’t have followed Bruno if he was slightly older but since Bruno was still young, she didn’t really have her guard up around him. She thought of him as the only human being in the count residence.

[I’m the only one that knows this secret but I’m letting Countess know specially.]

When she didn’t refuse, Bruno pushed himself into the dusty fireplace and manipulated something inside. And then the sound of something clattering could be heard followed by the fireplace slowly turning around to reveal a dark, gaping hole.

The boy seemed satisfied with the surprise on Lucia’s face and snickered like a mischievous child. He told her to follow him and entered inside. Lucia hesitated for a moment before following after him. Bruno lit up a torch and pulled down the stick hanging from the wall. The fireplace turned and closed, leaving the two of them alone in the secret space.

[I heard we’ve lived in this mansion since my great-grandfather. This place was probably made by the original owner of the mansion. No one in the family knows about this place.]

They walked along the narrow cavernous path and went down the subsequent stairs. They climbed down the stairs for quite a while. Then, a chamber with a wide and high ceiling emerged. It seemed like an underground chamber with no opening for light to enter but even though it was dim, there was no problem with identifying the surroundings. The walls of the chamber were filled with odd substances that gave off a faint light.

[They seem to be luminous substances, but I don’t know exactly what they are. It’s amazing, isn’t it? They must be very old, but they still glow. Perhaps a long time ago, they used to be as bright as daytime.]

There wasn’t much to see. The impressive view was short-lived.

[There is a path that leads out of here. I’ll show you that next time.]

There was no next time. Lucia never got to meet Bruno late at night again. And then, Bruno was driven to the Academy after rebelling against his father. The boy left, and Lucia was lonely for a while.

As time passed, her body and mind grew more exhausted and she loathed her circumstances. Every night, she prayed and begged to be taken away from here and break free of all her restraints. As she despaired over her unfulfilled prayer, she suddenly remembered the secret space that Bruno had showed to her.

‘Let’s run away. No one will take me away from here.’

Lucia chose a day to explore the secret space. She went down the stairway that continued from the fireplace and when she arrived at the chamber, she searched for the hidden passage that Bruno had talked about. After looking everywhere, she found a device similar to that of the fireplace. Beyond the hidden door was a dark and narrow tunnel.

Lucia walked along the path. According to Bruno, this place was built a long time, but the stone walls of the tunnel looked very strong. After walking for about two hours, she found herself in a cemetery outside the capital.

To Lucia, this place was a light in the darkness. She gathered money to buy jewelry and prepared assets for herself without anyone’s knowledge. In order for her to stay in hiding for a while, she took some dry rations and piled them up in the chamber. There was a small underground well in the chamber, so she didn’t need to worry about water. She continued to make preparations for over a year.

It happened on one particular night when sleep refused to come. Lucia suffered from insomnia even though she was usually physically tired. After tossing and turning on the bed, she got up and went to the balcony because she couldn’t sleep

As she absentmindedly stared into the darkness before her, she noticed a crowd of torches flocking towards the mansion. Her heart sank with a thud and the hairs on her neck rose with dread. Her senses were telling her that something dangerous had taken place. Lucia immediately gathered all her jewelry in a jewelry box and went into the secret space.

That day was the day when the Count Matin family was exterminated.

Lucia spent her time in the chamber, hiding in fear. She had no way of knowing what was happening outside while she was hidden in the dim, tranquil underground chamber. She suppressed the side of her that wanted to go up in curiosity and remained hidden as if she were dead.

Even though she couldn’t hear any noise from above while she was underground, she suppressed her footsteps too. She couldn’t even tell the passage of time. If she was hungry, she ate; if she was sleepy, she slept. She had a rough estimate of time by watching the rations shrink.

Lucia endured time in the dark chamber, dreadfully alone. The worst thing was the growing number of rats because of the food. When she remembered the nauseating face of Count Matin, she endured. Compared to him, the rats were adorable.

However, there was a limit to her endurance. After a month, she couldn’t bear walking up to the sound of squeaking rats any more. She prepared herself to go out.

She remembered hearing that coming into the sunlight after being in the dark for a long time could blind the eyes. For a week, she took the long tunnel and made round-trips to the public cemetery to familiarize her eyes with the sunlight leaking from the entrance. And finally, Lucia went out.

< — I love you — > (2)

The evening cemetery was quiet and bleak. Lucia didn’t see any shadows of people let alone people tracking her.

She packed only a few of the jewelry that she had and left the rest hidden in the tunnel. She changed into the old clothes she had prepared, pulled a hood over her head and walked out of the graveyard.

She kept herself from being seen and aimlessly walked towards a remote area. She had no destination. She just wanted to get somewhere far away. Around day break, she discovered an old house standing alone in a desolate plain without any human traces.

Lucia felt very exhausted. She had walked all night and couldn’t feel her feet anymore. She felt like if she relaxed, she would immediately fall asleep. She approached the house, unable give thought to the aftermath. As she carefully approached to the house, the door suddenly flew open and an old woman came out.

The old woman fixed a stare at Lucia’s startled frame then suddenly shouted at her.

[Lucy! Where have you been that you’re only crawling back now! Go out and quickly draw water so we can eat breakfast.]

When Lucia looked on blankly, the old woman continued to roar. Lucia was too tired to think clearly. Hearing the old woman talk about food, she realized she was hungry and picked up the bucket as she was ordered.

[Where should I draw the water from?]

The old woman yelled, calling her a stupid wench before telling her where the well was. Lucia didn’t feel hostility from the old woman’s rough words, so it didn’t really affect her.

She carried the bucket and went to the well site. And seeing her reflection on the surface of the water, she grabbed her hair with trembling hands.

[Ahhh!]

Her reddish-brown hair had turned white. While she was trembling in the darkness for over a month, her body had been unable to endure the extreme stress, and this was the result.

Sometime later, Lucia realized that the old woman was not mentally sound. The old woman could not remember anything she had said and only repeated what she had said in the past. The old woman had a daughter called Lucy and Lucia realized later on that the girl, Lucy, fell in love with a man she knew for a long time and left the house without sending back any news.

Lucia lived together with the old woman as Lucy, her daughter, until the old woman passed away about six months later.

The past or the future. Lucia thought back to her memories in the dream as she sat in the carriage returning home. Sometimes, Lucia thought to herself:

‘What did I really see? Did I really dream about the future? Or, did I experience the future and come back to the past?’

When she woke up in the morning after having the dream when she was twelve, Lucia was convinced that the dream was her future. And after that, she ran around trying to change her future without thinking about anything else.

The weight on Lucia wasn’t an experience of living through one lifetime but that of having a dream. It was certainly her own life but at the same time, she also felt like she was watching it.

Lucia’s life in the dream was tough and difficult. The pain and sorrow were vivid as if she had experienced it herself. However, the vividness did not exceed a certain limit. No matter how terrible the pain was, it did not leave a fatal wound on her mind.

‘Some parts are detailed and clear while some parts can’t be remembered.’

Lucia couldn’t remember seeing herself reach old age in her dream. She could only vaguely remember the quiet life she lived as an elderly woman after quitting her job as a maid and getting a house in a secluded area.

The way Lucia saw it, if she had come back from the future, her last memory should have been the clearest in her head. Which is why she thought it was a dream. It wasn’t something she could talk about with anyone, so the dilemma always circled around the same place in her head.

“I want to stop somewhere for a bit.”

Lucia asked her maid to tell them to turn the carriage around. She wanted to go take a look at the house that Norman gave to her as a gift.

* * *

Lucia slowly looked around the cozy two-story house. All of Norman’s furniture remained unchanged, bringing forth nostalgia. The house was supervised regularly so it squeaky clean but perhaps because nobody lived in it, there was a desolate aura in the air.

‘I heard that a house without occupants will get ruined quickly. Do I rent it out?’

Some time ago, Lucia’s lifelong dream was to buy a small, cozy house like this. In just less than two years, her life had become completely different. Her life was flowing in an unpredictable direction. The heart-pounding anticipation in her heart was larger than the fear of the unknown.

[Do you know how boring life would be if you knew what would happen in the future? Life is only livable because it is unpredictable.]

Lucia chuckled as she vividly recalled what Norman had said before. Norman was a wise individual. At least to Lucia, she was. (1)

On the way back home for the second time, the carriage was brought to a stop. None of the carriages on the street were moving. The maid passed along the words from the coachman who went to check out the situation.

“A carriage toppled over so we’ll have to turn around the street, Milady.”

The carriage started moving again. As Lucia looked out the carriage window, she felt that the street they were passing looked strangely familiar.

‘This is the neighborhood I lived in when I was young.’

Feeling sentimental as she looked on, Lucia made the carriage pull over. The carriage stopped on one side of the street. Lucia came down from the carriage and stood in front of the old pawnshop. There were miscellaneous goods with prices listed on them beyond the window.

She walked into the pawn shop, reliving the old memories where she walked along this particular street, holding hands with her mother.

The old man who was nodding off to sleep in his chair was awoken by the screeching sound of the door opening. The owner of the pawn shop sprang to his feet with bulging eyes. A woman in luxurious attire and an air of importance, a woman standing modestly next to her, and a man who looked like an escort. It was the typical noblewoman and her attendants. The old man was flustered because it was a customer he would never have the chance to meet as the owner of a long-standing local pawn shop.

“Is there something you’re looking for...?” (Shop owner)

“How long have you been the owner of this place?” (Lucia)

“I have been the owner for decades.”

“I want to find out the whereabouts of an item than once stayed for a while, it was pawned here more than 10 years ago. Is it possible for you to know?”

“I remember all the decent items that come through here. I also write all of them down in the ledger. What sort of item is it?”

Lucia traced back the years and told him the approximate time the pendant was sold, the age and appearance of her mother when she left the pendant at the pawn shop and the description of the pendant. The owner of the pawn shop tilted his head with an odd expression.

“There was someone who was also looking for the same thing recently.” (Shop owner)

“They were looking for the pendant I’m talking about? Who?” (Lucia)

“It was a young man. But I don’t know who it is.”

Fabian’s subordinate came to the pawn shop looking for the pendant, but there was no way for Lucia to know that.

“I also said this to that person but, I have never seen such a pendant. It has never been to our store.” (Shop owner)

“That can’t be right. I definitely saw it on display here.” (Lucia)

“As you can see, this is a small shop aimed at people who live in this neighborhood. It’s obvious what kind of items come in here. If such a rare article was pawned here, there is no way I would not remember it. Although I am old, I still have a good memory. I have not been left with an item like that pendant for decades.”

The owner of the pawn shop looked certain. When Lucia continued to say that it wasn’t possible, he brought out all his old ledgers and showed them to her. It was a thoroughly documented record of who pawned what, how much they borrowed, and what process happened afterwards. Through the records, one could get of glimpse of the thoroughness of the pawn shop owner.

Lucia scoured through the 20 years of records. Just like the pawn shop owner said, the pendant had never come to the pawn shop. It was difficult to claim that he purposefully manipulated the ledger to hide that fact.

‘But I saw it. The sight of my mother standing vacantly in front of this store is still vivid in my mind.’

Lucia left the pawnshop with confusion and doubt in her mind. Dean who was following behind her as her escort decided to ask:

“Is there another place you want to stop at?”

“No. Let’s go home.” (Lucia)

Walking a few steps behind Lucia and her maid as they headed towards the carriage, Dean brought his wrist to his mouth and muttered in a low voice.

“We are departing now. Destination is the mansion.”

On Dean’s wrist was a simple-looking silver bracelet. It looked more durable than silver and had a certain sheen to it. One of his ears also had a unique accessory hanging from it. The hook shape of the accessory was too strange to call it an earring. A part of the tip was inside his ear and the hook-like part curled around his ear. The accessory was covered by his hair, so it wasn’t very visible.

There were four distant carriages standing in each of the four directions of the carriage that Lucia was climbing into. The carriages were located beyond the turn of the corner so Lucia could not see them. Inside a very ordinary-looking carriage with an ordinary-looking coachman, were knights in armor disguised as plain clothes.

“We’re leaving. Team 1, Team 2, head out. Team 3, stand-by. Team 4 at the rear.”

The Knight giving out the orders wore the same accessory as Dean on his wrist and on his ear.

Lucia knew that one Knight called Dean was escorting her. But she didn’t know that she was under heavy security like that of a mansion. The convoy was so secretive that they were undetectable.

Translator’s Corner:

The word used for ‘wise individual’ here is ‘sage’, ‘wise man’.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 92
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (3)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

Lucia sank into her bedroom sofa and calmly retraced her childhood memories. Her heart warmed up at the thought of her mother. Before when she thought of her mother, she would be sad but now, she was only left with happy memories. This was thanks to the fact that Lucia was currently happy in her life.

Her mother usually placed the pendant deep in her drawer and from time to time, she brought it out to look at it. Sometimes, she was so entranced by it that she didn’t even notice Lucia coming to her side. Lucia thought her mother really cherished the pendant.

‘Mother must have missed her family and thought about them when she looked at the pendant. And at the same time, she must have been sad because she couldn’t return home due her circumstances.’

Her mother would have likely returned to her hometown if she had not gotten pregnant. But her mother was never once pessimistic about her life nor did she ever blame Lucia.

Her mother always had to work for their well-being. She usually worked at the local grocery store and if she had time, she tended to a small vegetable garden to cover for their food expenses. Regardless of everything, her mother was always smiling. She often hugged Lucia and carried her in her soft bosom.

Her mother always expressed her love affectionately, calling her ‘my beloved daughter’ and telling her ‘I am happy because I have you’. When Lucia lost her mother, the despair she felt was as if the sky had collapsed but she was able to withstand the hard times by remembering her mother’s love.

‘I thought Mother had to pawn off the pendant because she desperately needed money when I got hurt.’

However, her mother had never left the pendant at the pawnshop. If the owner of the pawn shop was correct, Lucia’s memory was wrong.

‘Let’s say my childhood memory is wrong. The reason I was able to meet my uncle later on was because of the pendant. Then how did the pendant get to the auction house? Was it stolen?’

The pendant held an important meaning to Lucia. It was the thing that helped her find her roots.

‘I think I was eight years old when it happened.’

Lucia recalled the accident that occurred when she was young. She was seriously injured in that incident.

There was a large tree at the entrance of the neighborhood and the young, tom-boyish Lucia made a bet with the neighborhood children to climb up the tree. She didn’t know what fear was and climbed all the way to the top before looking down triumphantly. But there was a bird nesting at the top of the tree. The mother bird felt threatened and attacked Lucia, causing her to flop around in surprise and crash.

‘The place that got hurt that day was...’

Lucia’s eyes quivered slightly when she checked under her right knee. There was no scar. The area where the injury was supposed to be was very smooth. The wound was too big to claim it had completely healed and disappeared as she grew older. But no matter how carefully she looked, she couldn’t find a single trace.

‘Did it never exist? Or, did it disappear?’

Lucia had never taken a very close look at the scar on her leg. She would have continued ignoring it if not for the pendant causing her to her think back to the accident that happened when she was a child.

‘Is the memory of myself getting hurt wrong too? No. There’s no way I could misremember such a huge accident in such vivid detail.’

She kept thinking and thinking until her head hurt. She took medicine for it, lay on the bed and fell asleep.

As Lucia slept, she dreamt about her childhood. The innocent times where she only thought about what she was going to play tomorrow passed by quickly. Soon, she was crying her heart out beside her mother’s cold body. The people in the neighborhood patted her back in an attempt to console her. They were saddened by her mother passing away and leaving a young child like her alone in the world. An auntie who was a close friend of her mother’s wiped away Lucia’s tears. As Lucia wept, overwhelmed with sorrow, she squeezed her mother’s pendant tightly as if it were her mother itself.

Suddenly, a Royal Guard stormed in and flipped the neighborhood upside down. No one was able to obstruct the Royal Guard from taking Lucia and they could only watch from afar. The young girl with hollow eyes did not rebel and simply followed obediently.

She was blind to the luxuriousness of the palace. She couldn’t feel any emotion looking at the man called father whom she was seeing for the first time. The detached palace that she would be staying in was cold and dreary. In a desolate bedroom, lying down, sobbing and repeatedly calling after her mother, was a young girl with a pendant in her hand.

Lucia woke up from her sleep with a start. It seemed she had been sleeping for a long time because it had gotten dark outside. She sat up on the bed with a vacant expression.

‘It’s not a dream...’

The dream she just had was not a fantasy but a piece of her memory.

‘Why did I forget it?’

The memory that seemed to have been covered in thin film was slowly being revealed.

‘I had the pendant with me.’

After her mother death, Lucia continuously hung the pendant on her neck. She also had it with her when she entered the palace. Even when the handmaids stripped off her old clothes and changed her attire, she refused to let go of the pendant because she was afraid someone would try to take away the only treasure that was in remembrance of her mother.

More and more new memories began to come alive in her mind. In her childhood memories, there was a contradiction. This contradiction was the huge accident where she fell off a tree in their small neighborhood and got hurt. At that time, Lucia was not the only one that got hurt. When Lucia fell, she broke a branch and another child fell down along with her. That child injured her head and subsequently, died.

“...Rossa.”

That was the child’s name. She was Lucia’s childhood friend. Rossa’s family moved away some time after Rossa died. The auntie, that is, Lucia’s mother’s close friend, was Rossa’s mother. Rossa’s mother was in the room with Lucia when her mother passed away. Perhaps she heard the news from afar and came back? However, in the same room, there was a girl around Lucia’s age crying alongside Lucia next to the auntie. That girl was Rossa.

[Lucia. You have to eat, okay? If you get sick, auntie will be sad in heaven.] 1

When Lucia refused to eat for two days or more after her mother died, Rossa put a spoon in her hand and comforted her.

‘Rossa died when she was young, didn’t she?’

Lucia realized that she had two memories of her childhood and those memories were mixed up.

‘Let’s assume that the owner of the pawn shop is saying the truth. I did not have an accident when I was young and Rossa did not die. My mother did not leave the pendant at the pawn shop and I entered the palace with the pendant.’

Lucia’s last memory of the pendant was on the day she entered the palace for the first time. When she cried herself to sleep and woke up the next day, the pendant had disappeared, and she saw the future. And her memories got mixed up. Maybe the confusion happened because she was still a young child or maybe it was because of the pendant’s ability.

‘A magical tool...’

There were many things in the world that caused odd and bizarre phenomena. Lucia had seen a magical tool once and it was on the day she was brought into the Royal Palace. The magical tool for determining bloodline appeared to be a device with two glass cups placed side by side. Clear, pure water was put in the two glass cups and the two people who wanted to prove their relation by blood were to drop their blood inside. If they were not related by blood, there would be no change in the water, but if they were related by blood, the water would turn as red as blood.

‘Could the pendant be a magical tool?’

Her uncle said the pendant was an heirloom passed down in the Count Baden family for generations. A magical tool was a first-rate treasure so most magical tools were national treasures. It was not an item that a crumbling family like the Count Baden family could have. A magical tool could sell for an enormous amount of money so if her uncle knew, he would have long sold it off to further the family.

‘Uncle didn’t know about it. Grandfather doesn’t seem to know either.’

Assuming the pendant was a magical tool, Lucia began a new line of reasoning.

‘What the pendant showed to me...was not the future but another lifetime of mine.’

In another lifetime, Lucia was severely hurt when she was young, her mother pawned the pendant, and later, she met her uncle through the pendant’s appearance at the auction. Even if it was another lifetime, it was no different from seeing the future. If Lucia had meekly stayed in the palace, she would have married Count Matin and the future would gone the same way.

‘Things start to split off from the point where I got hurt as a child. That incident created another future for me.’

In reality, Lucia did not get hurt. Her mother did not pawn the pendant. The reason was unknown, but the magical tool activated for Lucia and showed her a long dream.

‘I have to find out if Rossa is alive.’

Most likely, Rossa was alive.

Translator’s Corner:

1. She refers to Lucia’s mother here and calls her ‘Ahjumma’. The literal translation is ‘dead Ahjumma/auntie will be sad.’ which sounds wrong.

< — I love you — > (3)

‘If the pendant is a magical tool, why wasn’t it awakened by my mother? Are there certain requirements that need to be met?’

“Vivian.”

Lucia was jolted out of her thoughts. She had been sitting on the bed with her arms wrapped around her knees and her body curled into a ball. Hearing his voice, she lifted her head. The bedroom was now much darker than it was when she first woke up. She didn’t know when he had entered the room, but he was sitting right next to her.

“Hugh. When did you come in?”

Hugo gently brushed her hair with his hand.

“Just now. I heard you’ve been asleep since you came back.”

When Hugo quietly opened the door and entered the dark bedroom, he was startled to find her sitting on the bed. He didn’t know what she was thinking so hard about, so he made some sound in order not to startle her, but she didn’t even notice at all.

“Did something happen at the party?” (Hugo)

“...No.” (Lucia)

“I heard you had a headache. This is the second time this month. Why do you keep getting sick if there’s nothing wrong with your body?”

Hugo could hardly believe the words of the quack who said that a migraine was not a big issue. It was called a sickness because something was wrong.

“I’m okay now. I was thinking about something.” (Lucia)

What exactly was she thinking so hard about in a dark bedroom that she didn’t even notice someone coming in? Hugo wanted to know her thoughts. He wanted to have all of her, as much as possible. He hesitated for a moment before asking carefully.

“The thing you’re thinking about, is it something I’m not supposed to know?”

“No, it’s just...a little absurd. You can’t laugh when you hear it.”

“I won’t laugh.”

“Do you remember the pendant I told my grandfather about?”

“I do.”

“I was thinking the pendant might be a magical tool.”

“Why?”

Lucia explained what happened at the pawn shop, the memory she had of bringing the pendant with her to the palace after her mother died, and the dream that she had after coming home. However, she didn’t reveal that she had seen another future in a dream. She wasn’t sure of it yet herself, and even though it was in a dream, she didn’t want to explain the painful things she went through there.

‘But I think I can tell you someday.’

Lucia thought that her dream experience of seeing future was a secret that she would take to the grave. However, without even realizing it, her mind had changed.

“My mother never sold the pendant. I think the pendant distorted something in my memory and disappeared. I didn’t personally see it disappear though.”

Hugo thought for a few moment and realized they would be talking for a while so he turned on the lights in the bedroom.

“Is the memory distortion serious?”

“Not really. It’s just, if it’s really a magical tool, why doesn’t my maternal family know?”

“They might not know. Not much is known about magical tools.”

Hugo knew from his family’s secret records that magical tools were common items during the time of the Madoh Empire. However, after a long time, the magical equipments were destroyed and it became impossible to know the original function of most magical tools.

“Can they suddenly disappear?”

“Some magical tools have extraordinary abilities and can be destroyed or broken. They could disappear too.”

“Most magical tools are national treasures, aren’t they? Can a noble family have one?”

“There are many families that have magical tools; it’s just that the magical tools designated as national treasures are more widely known. What kind of magical tool a family has and what kind of function it possesses, is usually a family secret. Some of the magical tools that noble families have are known to be hidden.”

Magical tools were sold for extremely high prices, regardless of their function. This was because there were a lot of collectors morbidly obsessed with magical tools. The price of a magical tool with a clear, useful function was up to the whims of the seller.

“Then, does the Taran family also have a magical tool?”

“We have many.”

There were a lot of miscellaneous things in the Taran family’s secret room. Sometime after he became Duke, Hugo wanted to know what was in the secret room so he looked through the things there. Most of it was garbage. The communication magical tool that allowed people to converse with each other while they were separated was somewhat useful.

The conversing distance was only up to how far they could manage to see each other in an open field. It was used when guarding Damian and was also being used now. The remaining magical tools of the same kind were brought to the capital. The value of a magical tool that was as useful as a communication magical tool was enormous.

However, Hugo organized a convoy to guard his wife and handed them the magical tools like they were nothing. Such little money was not an issue when it came to the safety of his wife. He would rather the knights guard her preciously like she were their own life.

“I’ll show them to you when we get back to Roam.” (Hugo)

“Do magical tools really have such great power? I heard there was a magical tool that could make rain fall.” (Lucia)

Hugo chuckled.

“That’s just nonsense. Most magical tools are useless. They are simply novel items. The reason why the lineage identifying magical tool of the Xenon Royal Family is so well-known, is because a magical tool with such a good function is extremely rare. Some country’s national treasure is in the form of a rod, but it simply glows in the dark. It can be used for something but it’s not good enough to call it a national treasure.”

Lucia thought about the meaning of her vanished pendant. If the pendant had the ability to show another lifetime, it was a colossal treasure that couldn’t be found anywhere in the world.

“Are you interested in magical tools? Is there anything you want?”

The operation to collect the magical tools scattered throughout the world could begin at any time. It was entirely up to Lucia’s reply.

“No. I was only a little confused.”

If it was the pendant that showed Lucia the future, Lucia was grateful to the vanished pendant. It was thanks to her dream that she was here now. And she realized that even a trivial incident could split the future, and the future could change depending on her choices.

‘My choice is you. And I wish your choice was me as well.’

Hugo was quite disappointed to learn that his plan to secretly find the pendant and surprise her with it was not going to be realized.

“Did it merely disappear? You said it distorted your memory, is that part okay?”

“I was confused because I had two memories of my childhood but after mulling it over, I have it sorted out.”

“If you’re really concerned about the pendant, we can bring your grandfather here and have him hear you out. It’s an heirloom of his Count family so he might know something.”

Lucia was about to say it was fine but changed her mind. In any case, the time she spent with her grandfather was short and she was left feeling sad. In addition, she was also curious about the phenomenon caused by the pendant. According to her husband, her grandpa might know something.

“Okay. I’d love to do that.”

“I’ll see to it that he’s escorted.”

His hand gently caressed Lucia’s cheek. Lucia somehow felt emotional at his affectionate touch.

‘Was he swept up in my choice?’

Lucia chose him and created a new future for herself. But this was foul. No one could have the chance to make the choice to avoid, knowing the unhappy future ahead. (1)

Lucia was afraid that his much happier future could be off-course because of her. It was so cruel to him who had been dragged in without knowing anything.

‘It’s fine even if the whole world condemns me and calls me selfish. I love him. I want him to love me too. What does he think of me? How much does he like me? If I tell him I love him, will he run away?’

“Have you ever wondered this: ‘if I made a different choice back then, something would have changed’?” (Lucia)

“What’s the use of having such thoughts? It’s in the past anyways.”

[I have no attachment to the things of the past. It’s useless to hold on to something that is impossible to change.]

It wasn’t that different from the answer he gave when Lucia asked him, ‘Have you ever regretted a decision you made?’ on the day after they got married. Lucia gave a wry smile. That was the kind of man he was. Someone that doesn’t look back on the past.

She thought he was a heartless man. His outlook on life hadn’t changed. But Lucia’s view of him had changed. Now, she didn’t think he was a heartless person. Rather, he was overly affectionate.

His affection had always caused storms in Lucia’s heart. As her happiness increased, so did her anguish. She couldn’t give up on him. Her expectations kept growing and she was afraid that at this rate, she would end up resenting him.

“I do have such thought. What if I didn’t get married to you. I would still be in the detached palace. And after a while, I would have been married to someone who paid the dowry to the royal family.” (Lucia)

Hugo stared at her and tried to figure out the meaning behind her words.

“Sometimes...I think I’m in a position that is much more than I deserve.” (Lucia)

“Why do you think that?” (Hugo)

“Don’t you ever think it was a rash decision? Marrying me, I mean.”

Hugo looked at Lucia without saying a word then he heaved a sigh.

“What did I do wrong again?”

“...Huh?”

“Just tell me instead of going around in circles like that.”

Lucia’s eyes went round, and she looked at him. The man who was always confident and prideful, anytime, anywhere, was having a daunted expression on his face. He was fretting because he thought he might have done something wrong without realizing it.

He acted like he would yield everything to her and do whatever she wanted. Whenever she was drenched with his love, Lucia felt like someone had grabbed her heart and squeezed it hard. The beast-like man whom others were afraid of, was so loveable and she couldn’t bear it. Lucia’s nose felt sore and she clenched her fist.

“You haven’t done anything wrong. It’s my guilty conscience.”

“What do you mean, guilty conscience?”

“Our marriage had quite the significant disparity. I was an unknown princess who was no different from an illegitimate child. You were the renowned Duke, famous at home and in other countries. You really married at a loss.”

Hugo frowned slightly. He didn’t like it when she called herself an illegitimate child. Married at a loss. He didn’t know she was thinking like that.

Hugo hated any reason that made her even the slightest bit reluctant to be by his side, not matter what it was. How could he explain that the concept of loss and gain couldn’t be brought into his relationship with her?

He slipped his hand around her waist, gently laying her down and towering over her.

“Nothing really happened at the party?”

“Nothing at all.”

“Then what’s wrong?”

“I sound a little foolish, don’t I?”

Hugo watched her smile bashfully and kissed the corner of her eyes.

“Don’t talk like that, Vivian. You are not a foolish and I did not get married at a loss.’

Lucia drew in a breath. It felt like his words were softly wrapping around her heart.

“I’ve said this before. If it’s hard, don’t hold it in. There’s no need to trouble yourself. Do only what you want to do.”

Lucia lifted a hand and cupped his face. As she stroked his cheek, she was captivated by the feeling that threatened to reduce her to a puddle. He didn’t whisper words of love in her ear, but his words were terribly sweet.

“I guess I’m not that reliable to you.” (Lucia)

“It’s not that I don’t think you’re reliable, I’m saying don’t get hurt.” (Hugo)

“Who will hurt me?”

“The body is not the only thing that can get hurt.”

The social circle was a place where people were killed with words. There were always people who said far-fetched things. He could not guarantee that the backing of a Duke family could completely protect his wife. Hugo could completely ignore what people said about himself. However, his wife was small and weak. So he was always worried about her.

Lucia’s eyes opened wide. He was telling her to not hurt her heart. The delicacy she felt from him sometimes was really surprising. Had she ever received such affection since her mother died? This went past the obligatory care from a husband to his wife.

‘Maybe he also...me...’ (2)

Her heart throbbed and fluttered at the conjecture. It felt like she had narrowly caught onto something, but it was slipping through her fingers. Lucia managed to hold together her emotions that seemed like they would pour out any moment and stretched out her arms to him.

He hugged her back and she buried her head in his chest.

“I’ll be careful not to get hurt.”

Translator’s Corner:

I translated this as literally as possible cuz I had no clue what she was trying to say.This is more of a language barrier. In Korean, the thing being talked about usually comes last so the assumption here is she’s thinking ‘Maybe he loves me’.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 93
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (4)

T/N: chapter split is lopsided

The next day, Lucia received a message from Katherine in the morning. It was an invitation to meet in the afternoon. Yesterday, Katherine had been very satisfied with the successful completion of the party. Her expression as she sent Lucia off was filled with pride.

‘If she’s a little gentler when speaking, she could easily get along with more people. But I suppose that is her charm.’

Yesterday at the party, some noblewoman secretly spoke to Lucia when Katherine was too far to hear.

[This is my first time seeing someone who can treat Princess Katherine so comfortably.]

Instead of saying it directly, the noblewoman expressed it in a roundabout manner saying that Lucia was able to put up well with the head-strong Katherine. It was very rare for someone to say such things to Lucia directly and many people looked at Lucia with pitying or admiring gazes. They seemed to be thinking, ‘she is enduring well’. Right now, there was no way to resolve their misunderstanding, but as time passed, they would soon realize the truth anyways. Lucia had never once thought that she was ‘enduring’ Katherine.

Katherine was someone who grew up well-loved and there was nothing crooked about her. Her words were straightforward, which could make the listener uncomfortable, but she wasn’t an irrational snob.

‘If I had grew up as a well-loved, noble princess, would I have become such a confident princess?’

A life like that didn’t seem too bad. Lucia was envious of Katherine’s immature self-confidence, a result of growing up without hardships and living unaware of the scariness in the world. Lucia wished for Katherine to keep on living happily and carefree even until old age.

“I don’t know how she heard about it, but Her Highness the Queen sent a message that she would be imposing on us. I have to reschedule our tea time for next time.”

Katherine greeted Lucia who was visiting the Palace and grumbled to her. The pair moved to the Queen’s Palace. Beth had already finished making all the preparations and was waiting for them.

Even without merry topics to discuss, the small talk was enjoyable. Lucia was comfortable spending time with Beth and Katherine as if she had known them for a long time.

‘Is it because they aren’t strangers to me?’

Lucia didn’t associate with a lot of people, so she was amazed at the comfort she felt from the both of them. They hadn’t even exchanged words until recently.

‘Is this what a family is like?’

If one were to delve into their personal relationship, Katherine was her sister, and Beth was her sister-in-law. Lucia didn’t give that relationship any meaning, but there was something that was different from others.

“Earlier, the handmaid carried out an embroidery tub. Since when did you have an interest in embroidery?”

Beth gave a wry smile. In her time as a maiden, Beth scoured the social circles and played hard in her own way. She wasn’t someone who enjoyed static activities such as embroidery.

“Tell me about it. I’m doing something I’ve had never had an interest in my entire life. His Majesty asked me to embroider his handkerchief.”

Katherine burst out laughing. “Embroider his handkerchief?”

“This is all thanks to the Duchess.” (Beth)

Lucia was surprised by the unexpected comment.

“Why is it ‘thanks to the Duchess’?” (Katherine)

“The Duchess gave an embroidered handkerchief to the Duke of Taran. His Majesty saw that and wanted one too, so he asked me to make one.” (Beth)

Katherine roared with laughter and Lucia’s face turned red.

‘How did His Majesty happen to see it?’

There was no way her husband bragged about receiving that kind of gift. Lucia couldn’t even imagine such a sight.

“I’d like to see what kind of handkerchief it is.” (Katherine)

“Only if the Duchess is fine with it. I happen to have it with me. His Majesty borrowed it for reference.” (Beth)

“Oh my god. I want to see. Can I look at it?”

When Katherine looked at her with sparkling eyes and asked for permission, Lucia nodded her head with a red face. She was embarrassed to show the handkerchief that she made with her paltry skill.

“Don’t be hard on your husband when you go back home, Duchess. His Majesty told me he snatched away handkerchief.” (Beth)

Looking at her husband snickering away as he told her that the Duke of Taran’s expression was quite spectacular when he took it away, Beth thought to herself, ‘When will this man grow up?’

“Elder brother is doing all sorts of things now.” (Katherine) 1

A little while later, a handmaid brought in the embroidery tub. Beth pulled out a white handkerchief from inside and handed it to Katherine.

Katherine looked surprised to see it was a cotton handkerchief. And she started laughing again. Her laughter carried the meaning of, ‘the Duke of Taran carries this stuff around?’ and Lucia’s face grew hot.

“The embroidery is cute. Flowers, huh.”

Lucia’s flushed expression stiffened slightly.

“...Can I see that for a moment?” (Lucia)

“Of course. You’re the original owner.” (Katherine)

Lucia’s eyes quivered as she checked the handkerchief that Katherine happily handed to her. She thought the handkerchief was the one that she gifted to him a while ago with his name embroidered on it. This handkerchief had a flower embroidery at the corner. The clumsy embroidery work was a trace of the time when she had first just started making handkerchiefs, a very long time ago. So he had one of the handkerchiefs that she made for sending to Damian? Since it was a handkerchief with flower embroidery, it had been several months since she made those.

‘This...what does this mean?’

Her heart began to race.

Translator’s Corner:

1. The sentence here is said when someone does something ridiculous.

< — I love you — > (4)

These days, Kwiz was troubled over money issues. Before he became king, he didn’t know that money was such a big issue. The places that needed money were overflowing while the amount of money available for use was limited.

“Gong. What is a good way to make money?”

“Since when did you become a merchant?”

No matter how much Kwiz whined, Hugo had no advice to give regarding economics. Hugo was not an economist. He didn’t know much about making money. It was just that he had many of such experts under him. The only criteria Hugo used for hiring people, was ability. He didn’t care about their status and he compensated them as much as their ability were worth. There were many capable and talented commoners that worked under Hugo. Hugo distinguished people only by their position and capability. It wasn’t because he held skepticism or doubt towards the social status system. To him, both high-born and low-born were all the same in that they both died when their head was cut off. The King was not born with an extra life. To Hugo, as long as they weren’t rude to him, people were people anyways.

“This king doesn’t know either that if he became a merchant or a king.”

“If the amount of money being earned is unsatisfactory, then just cut down on the things that are using it.”

“As a matter of fact, I’m cutting down on the palace budget. That of the previous king.”

As he was saying this, Kwiz inwardly ground his teeth. That damned old man! Now, he couldn’t even say that out aloud. Kwiz had already lost four times in a row in the bet with his adjutant. His stress had increased as the number of words he couldn’t use increased.

“I mean, his budget was on quite the huge scale.”

The previous king was a big spender. He was greedy for wealth, but he was more interested in spending than collecting. Interestingly, he liked to give prizes to his subordinates for one reason or the other, and when he awarded prizes, he squandered generously. There was a reason why the previous king who was terribly fickle and incapable of stably managing the state affairs, did not lose the support of the people.

“First, I’ll have to purge those useless mouths that were crapped by the previous king.”

The adjutant’s eyes lit up. He had decided on the word to ban for the next bet.

“Do you know how many half-brothers I have? Most of those bastards are dead, so we can put that aside. But there are 26 princesses. Twenty-six! This is why the budget is worn out.”

Kwiz’ breathing was rough. He had no obligation to feed and house the children of the dead old man whose faces he didn’t even know. The only person whom he recognized as his blood-related sibling, was Katherine. Although he had shown slight interest in the Duchess recently, it wasn’t enough to feel affection towards her as a sibling.

“I’m going to kick them all out.”

“Really? How?”

“I’ll inform each of their maternal families to come and collect them. And if there’s no one that is willing to take them, I’ll marry them off.”

It was a petty decision. There was no generosity as the King nor as the eldest sibling of the family.

Hugo’s evaluation of Kwiz as having many merits, but he also had many demerits as well. A typical weak point of his, was stinginess. To put it in a bad way, he was cheap and doesn’t care to act generous enough to not losing face.

However, as long as Kwiz’ stinginess wasn’t directed towards himself, he didn’t care either way. But suddenly, a fragmented piece of memory came to mind. On the day his wife came and proposed to him, she had said this to him with a sorrowful expression:

[A princess must be ready to be sold at any moment for the benefit of the royal family. If a suitable dowry is offered, the royal family will marry me off to whoever it is without batting an eye. Before I am sold off...I want to sell myself.]

Hugo’s mood soured.

Coincidentally, his wife talked about ‘what ifs’ yesterday and he had said that thinking about the ‘what ifs’ was useless. But now. Hugo was thinking about those ‘what ifs’. What if she hadn’t come to find him. What if he had laughed off her proposal. If one step was wrong, she would not have been the wife of Hugo Taran right now.

But that didn’t happen. Hugo still thought it was useless to think that perhaps things could have turned out a different way. Nevertheless, the hairs on his back were raised in fright. She could have been included in the bunch of useless mouths that the King was trying to get rid of. She could have been married off to a chosen man, regardless of her will, and someday, he would have met her as the wife of another man.

Hugo felt sick. When he imagined his wife becoming the wife of some other man, his stomach turned inside out. She was his woman, and no one could challenge that. When he remembered the reality, he broke out in a cold sweat, relieved.

Hugo glanced at Kwiz who kept on talking about something. The late king who neglected his children was terrible, but the bastard sitting in front of him was also terrible. What was so hard about being a brother and taking care of his sisters a little?

A moment ago, he inwardly agreed with the benefit of Kwiz’s project to drive away all his half-siblings. However, the moment he was personally involved, he changed his mind.

Useless mouth? The more he thought about it, the more uncomfortable he became. The image of her calling herself an illegitimate child came to mind. It was his first time seeing her belittle herself, so he was very surprised. Hugo had never once thought of her in that concept.

‘Was her life in the palace very hard?

Hugo often heard his wife talk about her childhood, but he couldn’t remember her talking about her time in the palace. Now that he thought about it, she didn’t have a handmaid in the palace and did all the work herself. Hugo felt angry afresh from the facts he already knew. She must have lived a miserable enough life in the palace that she didn’t even want to remember it.

[Before I am sold...I want to sell myself.]

At that time, he simply thought her words were interesting. The deep guilt he felt towards her, stabbed into his chest like a sharp needle. Why couldn’t he understand her misery and desperate feelings when she came to him and said such a thing back then? Displeasure towards the late king rose again in his heart.

‘He deserves to die that way.’

Hugo sneered, remembering the shameful death of the late king.

* * *

When Lucia got home, she asked Jerome about the flower embroidered handkerchief. Jerome laughed on the inside and calmly replied on the outside.

“Master checks it every day and carries it around with him.”

“...Since when?”

“It’s been several months now. From the time when we were in Roam.”

“You did not tell me this when you told me to gift him a handkerchief last time.”

“I thought you knew.”

Jerome replied nonchalantly.

“I thought Milady gave it to him. If Milady didn’t give it to him, then where did Master get the handkerchief from?”

“...”

Lucia could not tell Jerome that she didn’t give it to him. If she said she didn’t give it to him, the only explanation was that he took it secretly. She didn’t want to undermine her husband’s authority as the master of the house.

But Jerome already knew. He had personally witnessed his master secretly take a few pieces from the basket where the maid had put the completed handkerchiefs, so that she could make a parcel for young master Damian.

He wouldn’t have believed it if he hadn’t seen it himself. It was a bizarre action, completely unlike his master. However, Jerome was a faithful butler that didn’t question everything his master did. The reason why he kept his mouth shut in front of the Madam was out of caution. No matter how trivial the incident was, it was impossible to know what effect it would have on the two’s relationship, so Jerome was always careful with his words and actions.

“...I meant I didn’t know he carried it around.” (Lucia)

“Is there any problem with that?” (Jerome)

“There isn’t, but he has to keep up appearances. How can he carry that kind of thing around? People will laugh if they see it.”

“You don’t have to worry. Master is magnanimous.”

Looking at the grinning Jerome, Lucia realized all over again why Jerome was a capable butler. Jerome had a smoothness that didn’t correlate with his age. The fact that he could wrap her husband’s shamelessness, unreasonableness, and selfish aspects with the word ‘magnanimous’ was really amazing.

Lucia thought hard about the meaning of the handkerchief. When she imagined the scene where he secretly took the handkerchief that she was supposed to send to her son, she couldn’t believe it and felt speechless. And while she couldn’t help but laugh at the ridiculousness, her heart fluttered at the thought of why he did such a thing.

It suited him more to confidently ask for a handkerchief if he needed one. His cautious heart that made him unable to do that pervaded her heart like warm energy.

The handkerchief was an opportunity. Lucia retraced every single attitude he had towards her, his words and his emotions that he showed through his expressions. Perhaps she was already aware of it. But she heavily nailed it down with the thought that it wasn’t true. It was purely because she was a coward.

She reconfirmed her feelings to herself.

‘I love him.’

And she took a guess at his heart.

‘Maybe...he loves me too.’

But she didn’t know whether he had acknowledged the feeling of love. He might not be certain of his heart yet and may still be in a stage of denial.

‘Should I wait? Or...should I bring it up first?’

There was a crossroad placed in front of her, and a difficult choice to make between them. She felt more indecisive than that day when she went to the Ducal residence to propose to him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 94
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (5)

In the carriage on the way home, Hugo was deep in thought.

‘It’s not something we can just cover up.’[1]

The relationship between the two of them was currently very peaceful. But it was an uneasy sort of peace. Hugo tried to ignore the fact that they were now walking on the thin ice of a deep lake. He wished they could remain like this forever, but he didn’t know when and where a stone would come flying in. He needed to prepare a safety device before they walked into deeper areas.[2]

The damned marriage contract. How could he have known this at the time?

Who would have known that in the distant future, he would want to beat up his past self, who was satisfied with getting a favorable contract?

Their marriage started out on the wrong foot. And not tackling the issue would result in it spiraling out of control as time went on.

There were a significant amount of worst-case scenarios. She could hold another man in her heart, she could hate him and ignore him, or she could even stop smiling at him like she did now. He had no confidence in being able to persevere and embrace her if she changed. He might torment her and make it difficult for her. And if that happened, their relationship would be driven to the bottom.

Hugo wanted to go back to the time when they were discussing the marriage contract, talked to her again and bare his heart to her. The time had come to resolve the uncomfortable subject of the contract.

Seeing his wife who came out to greet him, Hugo’s heart squeezed bitingly.

‘I can’t live without this woman.’

“Have you had dinner?” (Lucia)

“Look at the time. I’ve already eaten. What about you?” (Hugo)

“I know it’s late. I’ve eaten as well.”

Hugo wrapped an arm around her waist and stepped forward. The servants understood and dispersed. Jerome had a few miscellaneous things that needs to be reported to his master to get his approval for, but he did not rush.

‘I’ll get it tomorrow, why not?’

The faithful butler who had never put off today’s work for tomorrow, was now no longer living like a clock as he did in the past.

“I have something to tell you.” (Hugo)

“Now?” (Lucia)

“Yea. I’d like it to be now.”

The two of them went up to the second floor. As they sat side by side on the receiving room’s sofa, Hugo was having an internal conflict between his reason and instinct. Should he just forget about the talking and get the ball rolling first? As his body began to react to her soft body that was attached to his side.

“I went to the palace today.” (Lucia)

“Hm? Ah...you did mention it to me. Did you have a good time?” (Hugo)

“Yes. It was nice.”

Lucia had a lot of things she wanted to say to him, but she didn’t know how to broach the subject.

“You know, the day you came to me and asked me to marry you.” (Hugo)

Because the topic he chose was so unexpected, Lucia stared at him as she nodded her head.

“Yes.” (Lucia)

“Why was it me?” (Hugo)

“...Why are you asking that now?”

It had already been a year and a half since they have first gotten married. His question was too late.

“Because it didn’t matter.”

At first. Not only did it not matter, he was also not interested. The marriage with her was a contract. The contract only had to be favorable to him and there was no need to wonder about the thoughts of the other party in the contract.

After time passed, he couldn’t ask because he was afraid. His marriage with her seemed like it was treading on a narrow rail and he didn’t want to mention the words ‘marriage contract’ for no special reason. Truthfully, he didn’t even want to bring up this issue again.

However, as more time passed, he felt a sense of crisis that he would be too late then. Moreover, she had thanked him for marrying her, and those words gave Hugo a lot of courage. Lately, her attitude towards him was affectionate, so he thought that maybe she was quite satisfied with their marriage.

“And it matters now? In what way?” (Lucia)

“Was I one of your candidates?” (Hugo)

Lucia couldn’t really understand his words, so she looked at him without saying anything.

“What I mean is. If I had refused your offer, would you have gone to someone else?”

Hugo wanted to know her answer first before he resolved the marriage contract issue. When he thought about that possibility, his insides began to boil. The mere thought that she might have become another man’s woman made him feel angry. He was cooking on the inside over a matter that did not happen.

Lucia was stunned and the fact that he was having such thoughts was somehow funny.

“Is that important at this point?”

“It’s important.”

“Why? If I say I had such a candidate, what will you do if you know that now? Do you plan on harassing that person or something?

He clamped his mouth shut as if affirming her words. Some kind of resolution could be seen in his eyes. He looked ready to do anything if such a candidate really existed.

Seeing his completely incomprehensible obstinacy, Lucia’s eyes trembled. It was as if he was jealous towards someone that did not even exist.

‘Jealousy...?’

When Lucia entered the palace to meet Her Highness the Queen, she remembered what happened at the Rose Palace. He had reacted quite aggressively toward Count Ramis, who expressed an interest in her. As a matter of fact, back then, Lucia had felt strange. He was too emotional to simply say he was expressing his discomfort towards another man approaching his wife. He was a man that did not suit the word ‘emotional’.

At the time, she tried to disregard all the assumptions that popped up in her head. She didn’t want to make her own delusions out of something impossible and get excited over it. However, now, hope was seeping through, that maybe it was not a delusion.

“...There was no such candidate.” (Lucia)

His red eyes brightened up. He was delighted. Lucia’s vague hunch solidified a little bit. Her heart pounded loudly, and her mouth felt dry. Looking into his eyes, Lucia continued to speak.

“If you had refused, I would have most likely married someone who paid the dowry to the royal family.”

In a way, that also didn’t make him feel good. Hugo was annoyed at someone that was impossible to know.

“It was a day when I went out of the palace. The day of the victory party. On the afternoon of that day, I saw you during the Knight’s parade.” (Lucia)

Hugo remembered that day very well. It was unpleasant memory of himself becoming a spectacle for people. He had played the clown and had no choice but to do so.[3]

“Come to think of it, that party was my first meeting with you.” (Lucia)

Hugo remembered the incident with Sofia Lawrence and felt uncomfortable. He didn’t want her to recall that incident again and secretly studied her face.

“I knew you had a son. And I thought you might be interested if I suggested a marriage that fully recognizes Damian. I was right, wasn’t I?”

“I suppose.”

The biggest reason why Hugo got interested in her offer was because she boldly spoke about Damian. But that was not the only reason. He thought she was rather overambitious when she said she came to propose marriage to him. He was very amused by the small woman who didn’t stand on pretentious pride or show submissiveness.

“Is that all? That’s too...” (Hugo)

“Yes. It’s ridiculous, isn’t it? To be honest with you, I was gambling.” (Lucia)

“Gambling?”

“I wanted to escape from the palace, and I needed a guardian. Your power and wealth. I needed that.”

“Hmm.”

He nodded his head. Lucia studied his expression. He didn’t look displeased at all. He had an expression like he was thinking about something.

“Don’t you feel offended?” (Lucia)

“Hm? Ah. That’s not it. I mean, I am little confused. I don’t think you have such an impulsive personality. And power and wealth...it doesn’t seem like you are greedy for things like that.” (Hugo)

“I also hesitated a lot, but it was Norman who strongly encouraged me to do it.”

“Norman? The female novelist?”

“Norman liked the idea of a bold challenge.”

Hugo secretly thought that he should tell the people keeping watch over the female novelist to pay more attention to her.

“And, you wouldn’t think so because you have a high standard for wealth and power. For me, I thought it was enough if my food, clothing, and shelter were all settled.” (Lucia)

“Hmmm. Food, clothing, and shelter. It’s quite odd to hear that phrase coming from your mouth. Was life in the palace that difficult?” (Hugo)

“I couldn’t afford to live luxuriously, but I had enough to manage. Actually, apart from power and wealth, there was my personal desire as well...”

Seeing him looking at her with a gaze that seem to be asking,‘and what is that?’ Lucia’s eyes curved, and she laughed.

“You are a handsome man.”

His expression fluctuated.

“I really like your face.”

“...Is that a compliment?”

“Of course.”

“Thank you.”

Hugo reluctantly replied. How should he described the look in her eyes, which were twinkling as she looked at him? The admiring gaze when you see an expensive jewel. Because it was an expression full of materialistic desire, one he usually couldn’t find on her, he somehow felt weird.

“It was good luck.”[4] (Hugo)

“I know right? I was lucky to become the Duchess.” (Lucia)

“Not you, me.” (Hugo)

Hugo lowered his head and kissed her lips. It was a light kiss, simply sucking on her lips. He thought there was no such thing as luck in his life. Until a moment ago.

“You were desperate enough to bet your life on a gamble.”

Hugo tilted his head and kissed her again.

“And I was caught in your hands and defeated.”

For the first time, Hugo was grateful for everything he had. The wealth and the power. Everything he considered tedious because although it made living a little easier, the burden was more than the convenience. Even his own appearance which he was indifferent to and neither prideful nor derogatory about. He was grateful for all the conditions that influenced her choice.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] They can’t just cover it up and ignore it. What exactly he’s referring to is a bit vague.

[2] This paragraph is him saying their relationship is not on a strong foundation aka thin ice. Before they could progress, the issue needs to be dealt with. At least, that’s my interpretation. My editor mentioned it was confusing so I put an explanation.

[3] This event occurred in chapter 1, towards the middle.

[4] The literal translation is, “you were lucky.” Hence why she thinks he’s talking about her. He doesn’t use pronouns either so the person he’s talking about is deliberately vague.

< — I love you — > (5)

Hugo thought that women only loved his wealth and power, but now he thought it was fortunate he was able to obtain her through his wealth and power. Even if it wasn’t because of fate but a matter of mere coincidences, it didn’t matter.

“...I didn’t mean to describe you as a gambling bet.”

Lucia tried to explain but Hugo was fine with it anyways.

“So. Was your gambling successful? Enough that if you could choose again, you would make the same choice?”

He grabbed her chin and slowly rubbed her red lips with his thumb. Feeling his slow and meaningful touch, Lucia’s face grew flushed. His insistent gaze on her made her feel overwhelmed. Her heart pounded at the strange sexual tension in the air. He had a languid look in his eyes as if he would pounce on her at any moment. Lucia replied like she was bewitched.

“No. There was actually one more option I didn’t know about.”1

“Option?”

Lucia suddenly hugged his neck and gave him a smacking kiss. Looking into his disconcerted, wavering eyes, Lucia smiled oddly.

“Virility.” (T/N: male sex drive)

“...You witch.”2

As he pounced on her, Lucia burst into laughter. He kissed her lips, eyes, jaw and neck at random without any inhibitions and as she pushed him while avoiding his teasing bites, she laughed till she was out of breath.

Hugo was thrilled to hear her clear laughter. He never ever wanted to lose this sound. The words she said, thanking him for marrying her made him feel overwhelmed again. He wanted to tell her his feeling as well, so that she could also feel what he was currently feeling.

“Vivian. I don’t think I’ve said it either.”

“Huh?”

“Thank you for coming and proposing to me that day.”

Lucia suddenly couldn’t breathe. His red eyes were filled with love and joy, and her body froze stiff.

‘Ah...I can’t do this anymore.’

Her eyes were sore. Tears welled up in her eyes, filling them up in spite of herself. She watched his red eyes tremble with confusion. When she closed and re-opened her eyes, her blurred vision became clear as hot tears flowed down her cheek.

Her heart was too full for words and she couldn’t bear the feeling that threatened to swallow her from head to toe. Her love for him was overflowing and spilling over. She couldn’t hide it anymore.

“I love you, Hugh.”

The words left her mouth on their own, bursting out from deep within her heart. At the same time she confessed, Lucia realized something. She could not even imagine a life without him.

He was looking at her with an expression like he was struck by lightning. Lucia watched the emotions in his briefly frozen eyes changed from one to another, moment by moment. Surprise, doubt, and then joy. Seeing his eyes finally trembling with delight, Lucia came to a realization.

‘He loves me. This man...he loves me.’

Her whole body trembled with excitement, but strangely, she wasn’t that surprised. It seemed like subconsciously, she kept thinking it might be possible. It was just that she couldn’t confront it directly. The tears refused to stop. Lucia looked at him with teary eyes and smiled happily.

“Will you give me a rose?” (Lucia)

Hugo was startled. His dazed senses which were drowning in ecstasy instantly sobered up. Her eyes and cheeks were all wet with tears and her smile seemed like an illusion, so Hugo reached out and cupped her cheek in his hands. The vivid sensation in his hands was not a mirage. He gave a wry smile.

“You really are a witch.”

Talking about a rose in this situation. Hugo truly wanted to root out all the roses in the world, pile them up, and set them all on fire. That way they could never come close to her. It was an ominous but happy feeling.

Hugo pulled her into his arms and kissed her wet eyes. The salty taste of her tears felt sweet to him. He lowered his head and kissed her red lips. He swept through the deep, tender flesh of her mouth and gazed at her trembling eyelashes. The soft, sweet kiss gave a new, different feeling from usual. When the kiss came to an end, he took his lips away.

He looked into her clear amber eyes and she looked back at him. Her eyes were completely filled with his image.

“I...”

His throat felt sore, so he stopped talking and audibly cleared his throat. So, this is what being choked up feels like. Hugo learned a new emotional state with his senses. And his mind was blank on what to say.

‘She said she loves me...? Me...?’

He didn’t think she had lied. But he couldn’t believe it either. It felt like some colossal powers had conspired together and were making fun of him. His silence grew longer.

Lucia tried not to rush him, but a little anxiety remained at the bottom of her heart. She wanted to hear assurance from him.

“I love you.” (Lucia)

He frowned as if he was hurting somewhere.

“I love you. Hugh.”

He uttered a sigh that was more like a groan.

“Let me rest a little. I can’t even breathe.”

Lucia burst out laughing.

“Won’t you say it to me?”

“...It’s too short.”3

I love you. His feelings couldn’t be expressed in just those three words. His heart was overflowing, and he was unable to control it. He didn’t know how that short phrase could express what he was feeling.

She was his joy and his pain. The joy came from the relief he felt when he held her in his arms, and the underlying pain came from the fact that they had to be two separate people. Her smile was his happiness and her tears were his pain.

He had never actually felt the limitations of the human language before. But that was the only word possible. Even if it felt like something he couldn’t fathom was forcing him into a small box, there was nothing he could use but that phrase.

Hugo squeezed her tightly in his arms. He wrapped his arms strongly around her back and pressed their chests tightly together so that they could feel the heartbeats of each other with their entire body. The warmth coming from the body in his arms made him feel emotional. For a long time, she had been his wife and his woman, but it occurred to Hugo that only now was he able to have all of her and she had given all of herself to him.

“You are my heart. I love you.” (Hugo)

Hearing the soft voice by her ear, Lucia’s eyes welled up with tears again. She leaned her head on his shoulder and felt the sound of a beating heart echo throughout her entire body; she didn’t know whether it was his heartbeat or her own. The inside of her chest ached with deep overflowing emotions.

Now she knew why the human reaction dulled in proportion to the time and frequency the body was exposed to stimulation. If she kept on feeling this same degree of happiness and excitement, her heart would stop.

Translator’s Corner:

1. She uses the word for yes here. But this is one of those weird time when the word for ‘yes’ in Korean, means ‘no’ in English.

2. He’s saying she played him like a witch. Literal translation is “this witch-like woman”. I was gonna translate this to minx but thought better of it.

3. Again, [I love you] is one word in Korean. But in order to avoid disconnection as you guys read, I wrote three instead of one.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 95
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — I love you — > (6)

Hugo and Lucia sat holding each other for a long time without saying anything. They both needed time to sort out their feelings which had surged up to the limit.

Lucia recalled the contents of a romance novel that Norman had written. The protagonist was thrown onto the path of tribulation from the moment she confirmed her love. No matter the adversity, the protagonist always prevailed. Lucia thought it was only possible because it was novel; reality was incomparably harsh. Which is why she felt that the sweet reality placed in front of her right now was miraculous.

“I was going to talk to you about our contract today.”

His low voice reverberated through her body. Lucia pulled away slightly from his embrace and lifted her head to look at him.

“You already gave me the consent form for the family register and Damian had been entered into the register. The terms of the contract have already been met and I know that calling it ‘termination’ is meaningless. So, I wanted to hear your thoughts.”

“The contract was meaningless already.”

Lucia calmly shook her head.

“Even if it wasn’t a term in the contract, I would have gladly taken Damian as my son. He’s a lovely child that deserves to be loved. And, you’ve already promised me that you would be a faithful husband. Ah. There is one last condition left. If I confessed my love to you, you would give me a rose.”

Seeing him scowling, Lucia smiled.

“But you’re not going to give me a rose, are you?”

“...You’re going to keep tormenting me with that, aren’t you?”

“I won’t.”

Lucia chuckled. His face was filled with dissatisfaction and his expression was saying he felt wronged and frustrated but couldn’t say anything.

“Since when did you love me?” (Lucia)

His expression turned awkward.

“I don’t know.” (Hugo)

Lucia began to ask a little about specific events from the past, questioning, ‘was it then?’ and Hugo replied with ‘I think it was further than that...?’

“Then, what about when Damian came back?” (Lucia)

“Probably around then?” (Hugo)

“That long ago?”

“I thought I was going to run out of breath because you were so dense.”

So says the man who timidly kept everything to himself and suffered inwardly. If it was around the time when Damian came back, it had almost been a year. Lucia looked at him with a new gaze. So, he had been troubled on his own for almost a year. She felt sorry and also felt like laughing. Lucia spoke prudishly.

“You’re something else as well. I was much earlier than you, you know?” 1

After a momentary pause, he yelled, ‘What?!’ and grabbed her shoulders with both hands.

“Ah really, you’re so cruel. And even with that, you declared you would never love me?”

Lucia retraced that particular memory and went, ‘Ah...’

“I didn’t know that incident bothered you.” (Lucia) 2

Hugo gave a dispirited sigh. He wondered if his internal struggles this whole time had all been for nothing.

“Do you know how much I...” (Hugo)

He felt choked up for no reason and couldn’t continue speaking. Lucia patted his shoulders to comfort him. Seeing his annoyed expression, a small laugh escaped her mouth.

‘We were both so scared of each other.’

Lucia felt like she knew why the both of them took such a long time to get here.

“...You didn’t even tell me your name.” (Hugo)

“My name?” (Lucia)

“I’m talking about your childhood name.”

“Childhood name?”

“...Lucia.”

Lucia took a sharp breath. The moment her name came out of his mouth, she felt a sense of thrill. She didn’t think of the name her mother gave to her as a childhood name. ‘Lucia’ was simply just her name.

When Lucia looked at him without saying anything, Hugo began to grumble: Damian knows, even the butler knows but I don’t know.

“Hugh.”

Lucia laughed and stretched out her hands to cup his face.

“To me, the name ‘Lucia’ was special. Because it was the name my mother gave to me.”

The name ‘Lucia’ was her identity. In her dream, it was the pillar that kept her from collapsing, no matter what she went through.

“Princess Vivian was like another person that wasn’t me. It’s not that I tried to hide it from you, but because your wife is Vivian, I thought I should live as Vivian.

“You were uncomfortable with the name from the beginning.”

“Yes. I was. I thought ‘Vivian’ was a shell hiding my true self ‘Lucia’. Hugh. I found out that a name has meaning when someone is calling it. Every time you call me Vivian, the fake Vivian starts to become real. I am your Vivian. Only you can call me Vivian.”

Lucia acknowledged that Vivian was also herself. Rather, she was happy that she was able to live as his wife, Vivian. ‘Lucia’ was a weed and a wildflower. ‘Vivian’ was a beautiful flower. She wanted to be with him as Vivian.

“The name that only you can call is more special, isn’t it?” (Lucia)

“...”

His red eyes were slightly lukewarm but his ‘dubious but it sounds convincing’ expression was adorable. Lucia chuckled.

“I have something to ask you too. Why did you steal Damian’s handkerchief?” (Lucia)

“What do you mean ‘steal’? That word is not appropriate.”

He boldly protested. Lucia stared at his shameless face.

“Alright then. Why did you take it?”

“Speaking of which, when you make one for the boy, make one for me too.”

His attitude was basically ‘give me what you set aside for the boy’. Lucia ignored his request for now and went on the offensive.

“So that it can be taken by His Majesty again?”

“...”

Hugo sighed lamentfully and mumbled, ‘How merciless’.

“You usually have a lot of complaints about me. Don’t say you don’t.” (Hugo)

“Mm. It may be so. I had a lot of worries too. Worries that I wouldn’t have had if you had been courageous like a man. I did the proposing and I also did the confessing. Wow. Now I can see that the face of His Grace the Duke of Taran doesn’t count for much.”

“...Go easy. You’re really chopping your husband up.”

Lucia burst into laughter and hugged his neck.

“Even if you’re timid and a bad guy. I love you, Hugh.”

“Can’t you take out the first sentence?”

Hugo grumbled and picked her up from the sofa. He carried her to the bedroom, put her down on the bed and as she protested that she was still talking, he blocked her lips with his own.

“The conversation is taking too long. Let’s take a break.” (Hugo)

The speechlessness written all over her face didn’t faze him. Hugo quickly pushed her down on the bed and climbed over her. His hand lifted up her skirt and traced the inside of her thigh.

“Plus, the option you talked about. You have to test the performance, don’t you?” 3

“I’ve tested it enough!”

Her rebellion was instantly suppressed.

* * *

It was the dusk of dawn. Hugo woke up at the same time of the day like always. He greeted the morning at the same time and started the day the same. It was a life where yesterday was like today, and today was like tomorrow. Sometimes, he wondered how much time he had left and felt a deep sense of emptiness.

Feeling the body temperature and soft skin next to him, Hugo turned his head. His wife, the only color that shone in his gray world. His love. His life obtained meaning because of her. He couldn’t imagine a life without her. He couldn’t sleep without holding her warm body in his arms.

Ever since she came to the capital, he had not used his bedroom. His bedroom, unused by its owner, was chilly even in the middle of the summer. Hugo put his arm under her waist, pulled her quietly sleeping figure to his chest and hugged her tightly. Then he carefully lay her down and covered her with the blanket. She tossed in her sleep and turned over to the side. He kissed her exposed, round shoulders then he came down from the bed.

Because the master of the house was an early riser, the mansion was awake early in the morning and active. Under the steadfast attendance of the always dedicated three siblings, Hugo changed his clothes. At the side, Jerome orally reported the miscellaneous things he didn’t report yesterday and simply received approval.

“Yellow rose. Why is it a yellow rose?”

Jerome diligently replied to his master’s abrupt question.

“Do you mean why I chose to send a yellow rose?”

When Hugo nodded his head, Jerome said, “It’s because of the floral language,” and went on to explain that most flowers in the world had a specific meaning called the ‘floral language’.

“Floral language? Right...And what is the yellow rose in floral language?”

“It stands for separation.”

Hugo’s expression turned rather sour at Jerome’s reply.

“What flower has the opposite meaning in floral language?”

“Red roses stand for passionate love.”

“Not roses.”

Hugo was sick of roses, regardless of the color.

“There is a flower called statice. In floral language, it means eternal love.”

“That sounds good. Have someone bring a bunch of those to my wife every morning when she wakes up.”

Hugo decided to erase roses completely from her head.

Translator’s corner:

1.  Didn’t know how else to word this, she’s saying she felt in love with him wayyy before he did. She does not use the word ‘love’. It is implied.

2. I believe this is when they had their first argument over her not wanting treatment for her infertility. I forget wt chapter.

3. Option was [Virility](Re: male sex drive/stamina in bed). Just in case you forgot.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 96
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ever After — > (1)

When Lucia woke up in the morning, the maid brought in a bundle of flowers. These days, this event repeated itself every morning. Lucia was happy to receive the colorful and beautiful, lavender statice flowers. Every time she received a bouquet of flowers, she recalled why he began to send her flowers and it made her laugh.

Lucia had no idea that the reason why he hated roses was related to herself. She didn’t know how much she had laughed when Jerome secretly hinted that fact to her. Actually, Lucia was not that bothered about the yellow roses, but she didn’t know he was really worried and went to the extent of ordering Jerome to put a ban on roses.

She buried her nose in the statice bouquet and after taking in its faint scent, she returned the bouquet to the maid. Afterwards, the maid was going to place the bouquet as a decoration somewhere in her room. Her bedroom was already turning into a garden of statice flowers. Soon, there would be no more space in her room and the decorations would have to expand to the receiving room.

Lucia sat in the receiving room, doing embroidery and frequently glancing at the door. There was someone she had been waiting for since morning. Seeing the door opening up, Lucia quickly rose to her feet. Jerome came into the receiving room, escorting an old man. Lucia’s face lit up with bright smile as she ran to the old man.

“Welcome, Grandfather.”

“Haha. Yes. Yes.”

The draw of blood-relationship was really amazing. Lucia felt close to her grandfather as if she had known him for a very long time. Lucia’s personality wasn’t very sociable, but she didn’t hesitate when she gave her grandfather a big hug.

“You’re hungry, right? I’ll have lunch prepared right away.” (Lucia)

“No, No. Let’s take it easy. Let me see my granddaughter’s face. Have you been well?” (Count)

“Of course. What about you, Grandfather?”

“I’m more or less okay.”

Count Baden laughed heartily because his affectionate granddaughter was just too lovely. Lucia grabbed the wrinkled and coarse hand of her grandfather and led him to the couch. Soon, Jerome brought them tea and left them alone so that the two of them could share their joy of reunion.

“I didn’t know I would come back to the capital so soon.” (Count)

His grandson-in-law told him, ‘Whenever you want to come, you can use the gate,’ but at the time, the Count wondered what would make him deliberately come to the capital. He didn’t want his well-off granddaughter to be inconvenienced because an old man kept hanging around. And since he had personally seen his granddaughter doing well, he was going to try living his life and consider it as a blessing in his later years.

However, a messenger came to him with the message that his granddaughter missed him very much and wanted to him to come visit sometime. He was very happy and overjoyed to get that message. Even though her useless grandfather had not been able to take care of her, she still missed him. And after returning to the capital, the Count kept thinking of his granddaughter who resembled his daughter very much.

“I know I shamelessly contacted you and came all of sudden like this.” (Count)

“What do you mean? There’s no such thing. I should be the one to go visit you, but you’re coming instead, and I feel sorry.” (Lucia)

“No. I should be the once to come. I know you’re not in a position where you can move around carelessly.”

Although the Count was not someone greedy for riches and fame, he was secretly proud of the fact that his granddaughter was the Madam of a big family like the Duke of Taran household.

“This time, get some rest in our home before you go. You can’t be stubborn like last time and say you’re staying somewhere else.” (Lucia)

“Haha. Alright. I got it.” (Count)

Lucia had lunch with her grandfather and as they took a walk together, they engaged in small talk. In the afternoon, she took her grandfather to look around the mansion, drink tea, and have a pleasant chat. Interestingly enough, they had something to talk about the entire time. Their eyes were the brightest when they shared stories about Amanda whom they both loved very much.

“There is something I want to ask you about, Grandfather. It’s about the pendant I mentioned to you before.”

“I guess you found it.”

The Count remembered his grandson-in-law telling him that he wanted to find the pendant and give it to his granddaughter as a gift. He felt that his grandson-in-law’s care for his wife was commendable and was pleased that the couple’s relationship was good.

“Ah, I didn’t find it.”

And I probably won’t find it forever. Lucia was convinced that the day she entered the palace, the pendant gave her a strange dream that night and disappeared.

“I was curious about the story of the pendant which was passed down as a heirloom. Grandfather, when you inherited the pendant, did you hear anything else about it?”

“Hmm. When my father gave that pendant to me, he only told me to keep it carefully because it was a precious item.”

“Was there anything else, like a separately written document?”

“There is no such thing. Maybe there was something like that a very long time ago. But it has been so long...that thing was left to us by the founder of our family. Even if it didn’t have a grand legend attached to it, it has been passed down for generations and I would have kept it preciously.”

“It was left by the founder? So, it’s a very ancient item. Grandfather, have you ever thoguht that the pendant is a treasure of enormous value? For example, something like...a magical tool.”

“A magical tool?”

The Count gave an empty laugh.

“Even I have had such a thought. No matter how valuable the heirloom is, it’s useless if the family crumbles. I was so frustrated that I once took the pendant and went to a famous magical tool appraiser.”

The appraiser was interested in the fact that the pendant was an ancient item, but he shook his head and said it wasn’t a magical tool. It showed no reaction to the identifier which picks out the specific wavelength of magical tools. The Count told his granddaughter of his experience from a long time ago, where he visited the appraiser just to be sure, and returned home with disappointment.

‘It’s not a magical tool? Then what explains what I have experienced?’

“You’re very interested in the pendant. Do you like antiques?” (Count)

“Not...exactly. For me, the pendant has memories with my mother... Do you really not know anything more about the pendant? It can be something very trivial. It’s an item left behind by the founder and even has the legend that it will save the family when it is in a crisis...”

As Lucia was talking, a thought suddenly flashed through her mind.

‘Save...the family?’

A chill ran up her spine.

‘I saved it. I saved the family. Because I dreamt about it...’

According to Lucia’s dream, the annihilation of Count Baden family was in the future to come. However, Lucia saw the future in a dream and moved to change the future, therefore the future had changed.

There would never be a connection between Lucia’s uncle and the Count of Matin, and the Baden family will never be caught up in the treason of Count Matin. At the very least, as long as Lucia was alive, the Baden family would not cease to exist. Lucia would not stand aside and let it happen.

‘Is it a coincidence?’

The pendant did not directly help the Baden family. However, it showed Lucia the future and made her take action.

‘...If we say the magical tool’s power to show the future is a power to save the family from crisis, then that’s forcing it. I only wanted to change my future, but that was a resulting outcome.’

If Lucia had dismissed the dream as a mere daydream or gave up and accepted the coming future, the future of the Baden family may have gone in the direction of extermination. Hugo could have rejected her marriage proposal and Lucia would have not become Duchess. Even aside from that, there were many other uncertain areas.

“A legend about saving the family...”

Hearing the Count’s muttering, Lucia put off her thoughts for later. Now, she concentrated on what her grandfather was saying.

“Seeing as you know about that, Amanda must have told you.” (Count)

Lucia heard it from her uncle who she met in her dream, but she simply smiled without saying anything.

“That girl, your mother didn’t believe in the legend. She said such legends are all lies. And that if the legend was true, her mother, my wife, would not have passed away.”

The Count continued speaking with a bitter look on his face.

“Back then, I scolded your mother but actually, I thought the same. It was just the consideration of out ancestors who wanted to encourage their descendants. Perhaps that legend was the one strand of hope that kept our family going up till now.”

“...Since when did the legend of the pendant saving the family exist?”

The Count wondered why his granddaughter was showing an unusual amount of interest in the pendant. Maybe she clung to it because it had memories with her mother and at that thought, he felt sad.

“Since when? I believe it existed from the beginning. It is said that the founder left it in his will when he first passed on the heirloom.”

“What kind of person was the founder?”

“The founder of our Baden family was a martial artist. He was a great knight and a meritorious subject in the founding of Xenon.”

The Count gave a benevolent smile and told his granddaughter the old story that his grandfather and father had told to him. Just as there were founding myths for every country, most families with long histories had a story made by exaggerating the contribution of their ancestor. As the story passed from mouth to mouth, more ‘flesh’ was added to it and an epic tale was made.

Lucia enjoyed her grandfather’s story a lot but even though she wanted to know more, there was no clue regarding the pendant in the long story.

< — Ever After — > (1)

The Count stayed at the ducal residence for four days. Lucia felt sad about her grandfather leaving and asked him to stay for a few more days.

“If they don’t hear from me for a while, your uncles will be worried. They don’t know I came to the capital. They only know that I’ll be visiting a friend for a few days.” (Count)

“Did you really not tell anyone?” (Lucia)

“I’m sorry. I’m very worried about them being unnecessarily caught up in the capital’s comple political battle. Even though it’s upsetting, please understand.”

“I’m not upset.”

Her grandfather chose the best method for his son’s family’s sake and for his granddaughter’s sake. Lucia completely understood her grandfather’s thoughtfulness.

“And...thank you.” (Count)

“Huh?” (Lucia)

“Actually, when I came to the capital last time, I had a difficult issue. The family mansion was about to fall into other people’s hands. I decided that when I got home, I would sell my title and settle my debts; I didn’t want to burden my sons anymore. But after I got back, the problem was smoothly settled. As long as we pay a small amount of money every month, the family can continue living in the house, and business your uncle started is going well recently. You were concerned, weren’t you?”

“...”

Lucia asked her husband to help her maternal family, but she didn’t yet know the specifics of how he helped them.

“...I don’t know much about business. It’s probably my husband’s handiwork. If there’s anything I can help with, do please tell me. I want to be of help to you, grandfather.”

“You’ve done enough. There are many different ways to help people. It is easy for a wealthy person to help by throwing money in front of someone who does not have a lot. But not everyone can help without revealing who they are, without hurting the pride of the recipient, and also allow the recipient to stand up on their feet. My granddaughter married very well.”

“Grandfather. You have to say that about him too.”

The Count burst out laughing pleasantly.

“Right. My grandson-in-law also got a very good wife. Indeed.”

Both grandparent and grandchild looked at each other and erupted in a bout of laughter. They looked each other warmly before saying their goodbyes with a final embrace.

“Take care. I’ll come again.” (Count)

“Yes. Come anytime you want.” (Lucia)

After seeing her grandfather off, Lucia thought of the pendant that she had forgotten about for a few days. She calmly organized her thoughts together from the beginning. She based her premise on the fact that the pendant was certainly a magical tool and through an extraordinary power, it showed Lucia a dream. And she chewed over the Baden family legend that was told to her.

‘It will save the family from crisis... How does the power of predicting the future save the family from crisis? It would have been better to show the future of the Baden family being wiped out to my uncle. Why was it shown to me?

As she leaned onto the sofa, she gave a short sigh.

‘...What if it was seen? What if the very situation of myself changing the future after seeing the future in a dream was seen. What if the ancestors saw it with the power of the pendant?”

If the magical tool had mysterious power, the power should be able to work on other people as much as it worked on Lucia. But what still didn’t make sense was why the pendant’s power worked on Lucia of all people.

According to her grandfather, the pendant did not react to magical tool identification device. That could be explained by assuming it was sealed with a special power. Magical tools were mysterious items with a lot of secrets were yet to be revealed. Then, what was the trigger that broke the seal?

After mulling over it for a long time, Lucia vacantly gazed at her hand. Her young hands had held the pendant very tight. When the handmaid forcibly took one of her hands to confirm her lineage, the young Lucia squeezed the pendant with her other hand and hid it in her chest. The handmaid pricked the young girl’s finger with a needle, drawing blood. Even with her senses were half-gone, Lucia had felt the smarting pain at her fingertips.

‘Blood...’

Lucia drew in a deep breath. The puncture wound from the needle was not that big. But because she was holding the pendant very tight, blood would have flowed from the wound. And most likely, no, definitely, the pendant was stained with Lucia’s blood.

‘The blood...what if the blood was the key to breaking the seal?’

The people of the Baden family regarded the pendant as a precious heirloom and kept it in a safe where no one could reach it. There was no chance for someone’s to reach it. Most likely, if the Badan family enjoyed an era of prosperity without any mishaps, the heirloom would have remained safely stored in the safe.

‘My mother would even have conceived the idea of secretly taking the pendant from the safe.’

Lucia felt joy as if she had found the answer to a difficult riddle, then she felt disappointed. There was no one who could tell her if she was right or not. Unlike what she expected, her grandfather knew almost nothing. Now that the pendant had disappeared, she couldn’t even find a clue.

After thinking till her head hurt, Lucia chuckled to herself. She was worrying over nothing. What did it matter if it was a magical tool or not?

‘If everything was your arrangement, Sir Founder. Thank you for caring for the future of your distant future descendants.’

Lucia decided to quit worrying about the unanswerable question. In any case, the future that would unfold was an unexplored frontier. A new path would open in the direction she stepped in.

At that moment, a maid knocked on the door of the receiving room and came in.

“Milady. Master has come back.”

“Alright.”

Lucia stood up to go out and greet him. She wanted to thank her husband for helping her maternal family and also relay her grandfather’s happy praise for him. With an excited heart, Lucia hurried out of the receiving room.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 97
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ever After — > (2)

Boris Elliot was eighteen years old and the youngest among the knights under the Duke of Taran. He was son of Captain Caliss Elliot. Today, he arrived at the capital with a very important mission. It was his first time in the capital. He tried to stay alert, but kept loosening up and looking around with his mouth agape.

“Boris.”

Boris discovered a familiar face coming to greet him and gave a broad smile.

“To come all the way here on your own, you’ve worked hard.” (?)

“No. I should be able to do this much.” (Boris)

‘I came all the way here on my own! I did good!’ were written all over Boris’ face. Dean swallowed his laughter. When he first saw Boris, he was a 10-year-old little boy. Before he knew it, the boy had grown up this much and it was fascinating.

Boris kept fidgeting with excitement in the carriage heading to the Duke’s residence. He frequently fiddled with his chest as if afraid someone would steal the message in his bosom. It was obvious to anyone that his attitude was of someone who had something valuable. If he were walking through the capital’s streets, he would definitely be a target of pickpockets.

Dean could roughly guess the contents of the message that Boris was coddling so much. It was news about the subjugation of the barbarians. It was around time for the annual event to return.

“Is everything alright in the North?”

“Roam is fine, but it seems something happened near the barbarian border. Father has been at the border for quite a while.”

“Is that so? Did the Captain send any word in particular?”

“He didn’t say anything special, only asked if I would be able to participate when there is a military expedition. And then he told to bring a message to the lord.”

Dean was startled.

‘What is the Captain thinking? This guy in the northern subjugation? Already?’

The Captain was a strict father. But still, this was too soon. In any case, Boris would follow after the Captain and join the elite knight squad. A few years later wouldn’t be late. To Dean, they didn’t need the boy on the already terrible battlefield.

For generations, the Duke of Taran House had a group of knights called ‘elite’. It was not an official position. They were treated like any other knight. However, only the elite knights could follow the Duke once a year on a punitive expedition to discipline and rule the northern barbarians. The history of the elite knights began from a very long time ago. For generations, the head of the Taran family would personally chose the knights that would accompany him for the direct subjugation of the barbarians. Hugo chose only ten people as elites.

Dean recalled how overwhelmed he felt the moment when he was first chosen as an elite. He was not a knight for generations, and he was selected as an elite along with Roy, even though he was a commoner. It was an honor to become an elite. All the other knights of the ducal house were envious of that position. It was evidence that one had received the trust of the Duke even without any merit of status or wealth. And the knights who became elites grew more and more skilled. When they left for subjugation, the Duke personally taught them swordsmanship while it was taking place.

‘...Can this guy bear it?’

Unlike how he appeared, the boy was inwardly quite sturdy. Dean could imagine how well the Captain had taught his son. Probably because he was watched the boy since he was a child, Dean was worried about him.

There was a unwritten rule among the elite knights. Anything that occurred during the subjugation must be taken with silence until death. If the glorious outward appearance of the elite knights was the light, then the hidden part was the darkness.

The Duke was extremely cruel when he was subjugating barbarians. In the war between nations and territories, he simply beheaded them in one stroke and flung the head away but when he was accompanied by just the elite knights, he didn’t do it so cleanly. He cut off their limbs, crushed their heads with his foot, disemboweled them after cutting them open, ripped out their hearts with his bare hand. And even with that, his red eyes were so dreadfully cold that it made one think it would be less frightening if he were to go on a rampage with craze for blood.

It was no wonder the elite knights grew strong. Anyone would become like that after going through such bloodbath. Furthermore, as time passed, you begin to have nerves of steel and remain unsurprised when it was at a tolerable level.

One day, when they were returning after a subjugation expedition and had made camp, Roy asked the Duke a question. It was a question that only Roy could ask.

[My Lord. Why do you leave your sword at the side and tear them apart by hand? Is that your hobby?]

Everyone froze. This crazy son of a—. Can’t he distinguish between things you should say and things you shouldn’t. They inwardly let out streams of abuse and studied the face of their lord.

Unexpectedly, the Duke didn’t show much of a reaction. After a short interval, he gave a brief reply.

[Killing gives me feeling. Otherwise, I feel like a monster because I don’t feel anything.]

Even the tactless Roy did not keep asking questions.

Dean thought the expressionless face of the Duke as he was saying those words looked painful. And after that, he strangely didn’t frown at the extremely cruel murderous actions of the Duke. He had numbly come to see it as the natural law of the jungle, just like looking at the moment of a wolf hunting down sheep.

< — Ever After — > (2)

“Son of Sir. Elliot. We have troubled you to come all this way.”

Looking at the dark-haired man that was sitting behind the desk, Boris clenched his trembling fists.

“No, sir! I was not troubled at all!”

Boris was completely unable to think of a proper greeting. His mind was frozen. As he stood there as stiff as possible, Dean tapped his back from the side, startling him out of his trance. Boris hurriedly took out the message in his chest pocket and handed it to the Duke.

The content of the message from Callis Elliot was mostly about the border and some news about the north. The most particularly important part of the message, was concerning the movement of the barbarians. The barbarians were a tribal group that bordered most of the northern part of Xenon, which was the territory of Taran.

They frequently came down from the border and plundered whatever they could get their hands on. There were hundreds of small barbarian tribes, so there wasn’t a clear target for them to war against. Whenever the band of robbers were directly caught, the other tribes would deny all knowledge of them and claimed they were not involved.

Since the barbarians were a group of horse riders, the speed with which they attacked and withdrew was instantaneous. Because their purpose was solely to plunder food, whenever the situation turned slightly unfavorable, they would quickly take to their heels. For them, there was no such thing as honor or chivalry.

“When was the last subjugation?” (Hugo)

“A year and two months ago.”

“So it’s time to clean up the pests.”

The indifferent muttering was tinged with the thick smell of blood.

In order to stop the looting and prevent the barbarians from gaining too much momentum, the Duke regularly dispatched knights and led them into battle, with him personally leading at the front. In the nation, it was believed that the Duke of Taran was protecting the nation from the barbarians. That belief wasn’t wrong, but it wasn’t true either.

The Duke did not drive the barbarians into a corner. Even though if he seriously made up his mind, he had the capability to go to war and completely wipe them out so much that they wouldn’t be able to stir up trouble for the next few decades, the Duke did not do so. The barbarians were a necessary evil for the Duke of Taran.

The barbarians had to exist in order for the Taran family to have a purpose to exist. As long as the troublesome barbarians existed, no one could carelessly touch the Taran family.

The secret room of the Taran family contained the teachings of the ancestors that talked about how to handle the barbarians. First, do not let the barbarians gain a pivotal figure and set up a nation. Second, do not weaken the barbarian forces too much.

These were the principles that had never been shaken so far. Up to this point, this was knowledge that the elite knights were privy to. But there was also another secret that was only known to the head of the Taran family. The barbarians were sacrifices for calming the madness flowing in the Taran blood.

Under the justification of protecting the nation through war, they were able to kill as much as they desired. For many generations, the head of the Taran family had come to use this method to suppress their instinctual craving for blood. And that cursed blood also flowed in Hugo’s body. Even without his nauseating birth secret, Hugo sometimes had doubts as to whether he was really human.

‘A year and two months, huh. I have never not killed something for more than a year.’

The impatient thirst in his body could not be resolved without seeing blood. If he held a woman, it would settle down to some extent, but even that had a limit. But right now, his condition was very good. The desire for murder did not soar. Rather, he was annoyed. It was probably okay to just send the knights, was there a need for him to personally attend as well? The problem was that the content of Calliss’ message was ominous.

‘They have a pivotal figure and are integrating the tribes...’

The fact that they would be facing a bigger enemy if the barbarian were to established a nation was only a secondary issue. The main problem was that dealing with the barbarians would then become a nation-to-nation affair. If this happened, there would be less room for the Taran family to interfere. And as a result, the influence of the Taran family would diminish. Hugo could not let that happen.

He couldn’t hand over the Taran family to Damian with its power weaker than it was now. Otherwise, where was his dignity as a father?

* * *

Hugo summoned the knights that were above division leader to his office. [1] He assigned tasks to the knights that guarded his wife, the knights that shall remained in the capital, and the knights that would join the ranks for the punitive expedition.

“Dean. I need you to keep doing your work here.”

“Yes, my lord.”

Dean replied without any questions. He was left to guard the Madam in the capital.

“My lord.”

Roy lifted his hand.

“I want to stay in the capital.”

All the eyes on Roy were saying, ‘What whim hit this guy in the face today?’. This was the very same guy that was always the most excited and jumped to the forefront every time they went to subjugate the barbarians. They all knew how vexed he was for not being able to attend last year due to the duty of guarding the Crown Prince.

“You again.”

Thinking that Roy had not thrown away his habit of irritating people into a duel for no reason and hurting blameless people, Hugo’s gaze turned fierce. Here he thought Roy would stay quietly after the coronation party, but it looks like his body was getting itchy.

Seeing the ominous look in his Lord’s eyes, Roy flinched and quickly added:

“I mean I will do the job of guarding the Madam. It’s not that I’m worried Dean can’t do it. It’s just that everyone else have been going to the north and back, but if Dean continues to stay in the capital, he’ll lose his wild side.”

“...he’ll lose his battle instinct you mean.” [2]

When Hugo corrected him, the knights burst into laughter. Roy didn’t look ashamed, rather he talked boastfully.

“A man shouldn’t care about those small stuff.”

Hugo wondered if he should suspend the talk for now and beat up this punk.

“Plus, it’s much better for me to be here when the lord is not around. Ignoring skill, Dean has all his holes plugged. Even if something happens to the Madam, he will definitely say, ‘you can’t do this’ first.” [3]

Dean’s expression stiffened while the other knights struggled not to laugh as their shoulder trembled.

“As for me, I will beat them up first. I might not look like it, but I protected His Majesty for over a year. I’m telling you, I saved his life, you know.”

Look at me, I’m so great. Seeing the triumphant air around Roy, Hugo let out a sigh. Who knew where the guy tossed out his age, there was no sign of improvement in his childish actions. Hugo had given up; Roy would likely never change.

“Dean. What do you think?”

“Roy’s suggestion has reason to it. When it comes to flexibility, there is no one better than Roy. I will follow your order, my lord.”

Hugo was worried. Roy’s skills were outstanding but the biggest problem with him was his uncertainty. No one knew when and where he was or what he was doing. Hugo had heard that Roy was called the Mad Dog. It was really a good nickname for the punk.

‘If he’s ordered to do something, he definitely does it.’

The problem was that he didn’t care about the means or the method. Come to think of it, the means and the method that were used in order to protect his wife didn’t matter. Even though Hugo was worried about Roy causing trouble beside his wife, he was at ease placing his wife’s safety in Roy’s hands. He would be a strong watch guard.

With his worries coming to an end, Hugo left the duty of guarding his wife to Roy, and Dean joined the ranks of the knights for the punitive expedition.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Honestly not sure what to call this [조장급]. According to what I found, it’s not a title. More like a team leader of sorts.

[2] The joke disappears in the translation. The word for [wild side] is yaseong while the word for [battle instinct] is taseong . Roy mixed it up.

[3] ‘All his holes plugged’. He’s saying that Dean is too rigid/too stuffy. This was the best translation, albeit a liberal one, to somewhat keep the joke.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 98
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ever After — > (3)

Lucia received an invitation from the Queen for refreshments and went to the palace. In the corridor leading to the Queen’s palace, she encountered a familiar noblewoman. When the woman discovered Lucia, she immediately stopped walking and bowed her head. Lucia wasn’t that pleased to meet the Countess of Alvin, Sofia. She was going to just walk by, but her gaze landed on Sofia’s protruding stomach and her feet came to a stop.

“It turned out that I will leaving the capital soon. I came to the Palace to briefly give my greetings to Her Highness the Queen, Duchess.”

“I have no intention of blaming you. Please, lift you head. I don’t think it’ll be good for the baby if you bend like that.”

Sofia placed her hand under her protruding stomach as if supporting it and lifted her head. Her expression was serene. She seemed like a completely different person from the Sofia that Lucia met at the tea party. Her impression had also changed a little, perhaps because she had gained some weight.

“You are leaving the capital?”

“Yes. I will be going to abroad because of my husband’s business.”

“Is it okay to travel like that when you’re pregnant?”

“The doctor said there was no problem as long as we’re careful. My husband wanted me to stay back in the capital to deliver but if that happened, I would be away from my husband for too long.”

“...I see. I hope you give birth to a healthy and beautiful child.”

Sofia stopped Lucia as she began to walk away.

“I apologize once again for my rude actions previously. I was beyond foolish and could not distinguish what was before me. I am not asking for your forgiveness. I just wanted to tell you that I am sincerely sorry for my actions to you, Duchess.”

“Since Countess tells me so sincerely, I do not wish to be a narrow-minded person. I hope we can treat each other a little more comfortably next time.”

Lucia looked at Sofia who was expressing her gratitude with a delighted expression. Sofia looked the happiest she had ever seen her look. She seemed to be soaked with the joy of soon becoming a mother.

Perhaps Sofia would not have the tragic ending that Lucia saw in her dream, instead, she would give birth to a healthy child, become a happy mother, and live the rest of her life as a noblewoman without any troubles. Lucia just had a feeling.

The Count of Alvin’s earnest courtship and eventual marriage to Sofia was still circulating in the social circles as a romantic story of pure love. Lucia heard that the Count of Alvin didn’t rebuke Sofia after hearing what she did, on the contrary, he shielded her.

This incident seemed to have played an important role in confirming the couple’s affection.

‘So you realized the importance of the person by your side. You are wise, Sofia.’

Lucia inwardly prayed for Sofia’s safe delivery.

‘A baby...’

Lucia unconsciously touched her flat abdomen and immediately withdrew her hand, startled at herself. She kept gazing in the distance until she could no longer see Sofia’s retreating back.

* * *

In the Queen’s Palace, Katherine had already arrived and had taken a seat. This time, the opposite happened, and Katherine heard of the Queen’s meeting with the Duchess today and invited herself to it.

The three of them sat together and comfortably talked with each other. They didn’t need to look good in front of the other, nor did they need to curry favor and study each other’s face. Katherine was in the know for a lot of things that happened in the social circle and she usually told them of interesting news.

“There is an interesting play these days. Have you seen it?”

“I hear seeing the play makes one laugh. It’s untidy...” [1]

Beth made a sour face. Until now, most plays depicted a magnificent epic story for a grand stage, or a tragedy. For these plays, one either sits in a refined manner while being quietly touched or sometimes, the noblewomen dabbed their tears with their handkerchief.

‘So it was around this time that comedy began to spread.’

By the time Lucia entered the social circle in her dream, comedy had already spread like an epidemic. And Lucia did not like plays.

Her life was already tiring enough. She didn’t want to see a tragedy and end up crying. But that didn’t mean she liked comedies. When she saw a comedic play, it was good and made her laugh a lot but afterwards, she felt empty so after seeing it a few times, she stopped. Countess Lucia didn’t have the heart to enjoy the comedic performance.

“Everyone knows how good it feels to laugh without keeping up any appearances. Your Highness the Queen should go see it once. As for me, I have seen it three times.”

“Three times?”

Katherine enthusiastically poured out the emotions she felt from seeing the comedy. Beth already looked half-sold on the issue. Lucia knew from the dream that the Queen later became an enthusiastic admirer of comedy.

“Your Highness, what happened to Count Ramis? I keep hearing that he suddenly went down to the territory.”

Katherine lightly asked, and Beth gave a wry smile. She briefly explained the circumstances told to her by her father.

“My father said he hasn’t been able to look around the fief in a long time and sent down my brother in his place. There’s no other meaning behind it.”

She didn’t want to air her brother’s dirty laundry. Even if he wasn’t a very desirable brother, he was still her brother.

When Beth was a child, she hated both her brother and her mother and disliked the sight of them. Her mother carried David as if he was her only child and was not even concerned with Beth. Beth was always yearning for her mother’s affection. But when she got older and had her own child, she simply felt that her late mother was pitiful.

Beth knew that Robin was her half-brother. Nevertheless, Robin was still her brother. It was merely a tragedy caused by her parent’s incompatible marriage, Robin was not at fault.

When her father brought up divorce with her mother and their relationship was severely estranged, her father had another woman in his heart. But even then, he didn’t completely abandon her mother. Her father was definitely wrong. But her mother did not try either. They both had a hand in the unhappy turnout of their marriage.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] She means it makes you laugh uncontrollably and you lose your refinement...smth like that.

< — Ever After — > (3)

“Duchess. I heard that lately, you rarely appear at social activities. Apparently, you haven’t gone to a tea party in almost a month.” (Beth)

“Yes. My health isn’t very good these days.”

Lucia tried not to blush. He had left a lot of traces on the exposed part of her neck and arms, so she could not appear in public places in such a speckled state. When she cried to him that she couldn’t go out in such a state, he got a kick out of it, instead of being apologetic. It was only after she declared that they would sleep in separate rooms if he did it again, that he quit his mischief.

“Oh no. It must be because the weather is so cold these days. Even Her Highness the Queen has been cooped up in her palace lately.”

Beth smiled pleasantly, not saying anything. Seeing Beth’s strange smile, Katherine tilted her head, then her eyes widened.

“You have something to be cautious about!”

“A few days ago, I was diagnosed by the Imperial doctor. I have been careful so far because I could sense something.”

“His Majesty must have been delighted.”

“He asked me to give him a princess this time.”

Lucia belatedly realized what they were talking about after being unable to follow the conversation and she saw Beth stroking her lower belly.

“Congratulations, Your Highness.”

“Thank you. I have already had three children, so I don’t want to make a big fuss.”

“What are you talking about? It is only right that it is celebrated. Since elder brother keeps talking about wanting a princess, do you hope for that now?”

“It might be a son again.”

“Ah...that’s a little, you know. I want to see a cute baby girl.”

“Oh my. Aren’t your nephews cute?”

“Boys are too much. Just one hour with them will drain you completely.”

A handmaid approached Beth and whispered something to her.

“Bring him in.”

Beth instructed the maid and asked the two of them for understanding.

“It seems Ethan is feeling peevish after waking up from a nap. I think I’ll have to interrupt our fun.”

Ethan was the third son of the King and turned three years old this year. Lucia and Katherine were willing to understand the situation and after a while, the handmaid came in with a blonde little boy in her arms.

The child rubbed his eyes, looking annoyed, and as soon as he saw his mother, he stretched out his arms, wrapped them around her neck and cuddled up in her arms. Beth gently stroked the child’s back while patting him and kissed his forehead.

The sight of a mother pouring out her love onto her child was more beautiful than the smile of an enchanting beauty. It was sublime and mysterious. Lucia remembered her late mother. She remembered her mother hugging her and calming her down after she had scary dream.

As Lucia looked at the prince who was quickly falling asleep in his mother’s arms, she projected her childhood onto him and overlapped the image of the Queen happily embracing her beloved child with herself.

‘A child...’

The greed of man was endless. Just a month ago, she was happy to get his love and felt as if she had gotten the whole world. She had already prepared herself to never have a child in this life. The problem was that she gave up on it earlier than she gave up on his love. She didn’t know why the firm determination she made in the past was beginning to waver so easily after getting his love.

* * *

Lucia came down from the royal carriage that brought her out from the Inner Palace. The Taran family carriage was waiting to take the Duchess back to the mansion. Since a while ago, she had been stuck on the thought of a child.

‘I know talking about a child now is premature. We just started seeing eye to eye.’

Her desire to have his child was her greed after all, even with the excuse that she loved him. Even though she knew that, she kept thinking of the image of the young child in the Queen’s arms.

Because of this, Lucia didn’t notice that her guard Dean didn’t come out to meet her and simply climbed up the carriage stairs that were dropped down by the servant. But suddenly, she felt something pulling her and fell forward. She let out a short scream and fell into a familiar embrace.

“Hugh?”

His eyes curved gently as he looked at her and he brought his lips to hers. One of his arms held her waist while the other held her arm as he supported her unstable position.

He tasted her sweet lips like biting into a fruit, and swallowed her hot, tender flesh. His tongue effortlessly dove into her small mouth, sweeping through her moist innards, and savoring the faint scent of tea leaves coming from her.

After ending the long kiss, he was still not satisfied. As she gasped for breath with a flushed face, he kissed her lips lightly again. Then, he knocked on the wall of the carriage. Understanding the signal, the carriage began to move slowly.

“Why are you...” (Lucia)

“I came to pick you up.” (Hugo)

Lucia smiled faintly and wrapped her arms around his neck. She liked the light pressure on her back as he returned the hug and pressed his hand against her back.

‘Things are fine as they are.’

Lucia’s heart was overflowing with happiness. The strange emptiness from a moment ago had disappeared. She didn’t want to do something stupid like agonizing over something she couldn’t have and ignoring the happiness right in front of her.

Over the past month, on the outside, their relationship had not changed much. Even before they confirmed their feelings for each other, they were known to everyone as a devoted couple. Even if she was thrilled by the fact that they had unexpectedly confessed their love to each other; to other people, they were just a little more unusual.

Thanks to this, Jerome had been dealing with an internal dilemma. In the matter of a month, another maid had quit. As expected, the reason was marriage. It was unprecedented for maids to quit a stable, high-paying job like the Duke of Taran’s, one after the other. [1] Jerome had to worry about bad rumors turning up that the job environment was so atrocious, causing so many to quit, and that brought him a headache.

“Do you want to go somewhere else instead of going home?” (Hugo)

“Go where?” (Lucia)

“I heard there’s a funny play these days.”

“Are you interested in such things?”

“I was told it was popular among noblewomen.”

Whether someone said it in passing and he remembered it, or whether he deliberately asked someone about it, either ways he made an attempt for her sake. Lucia was happy with just that. She kissed his cheek and gladly accepted his invitation for a date.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] They’re quitting because they keep being fed dog food and want to feed other people dog food too. In order words, they see the ducal couple happily married and want that for themselves. They keep quitting to get married.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 99
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ever After — > (4)

T/N: I got reminded by the comments that today was april fools. Was tempted...but nah.

The honored guest box was an enclosed chamber that no one in the audience could enter except for the two of them. Due to that, Lucia didn’t need to be conscious of people’s gazes and laughed to her heart’s content.

Despite coming to watch a play, Hugo had more fun watching Lucia laugh, and he actually spent more time watching his wife than watching the play.

The play was quite long. During the intermission, Lucia decided to stop by the break room. As soon as she entered the break room, she heard the loud laughter of women. Upon seeing Lucia, the group of women that were laughing together greeted her from a few steps away.

“Duchess, you came out on a date with your husband, didn’t you?”

“A husband who goes to see a comedy together with you! How wonderful is that?”

Despite the noblewomen’s envious greetings, the group gathered at the side erupted with laughter.

“Everyone seems to have enjoyed the play.” (Lucia)

“Ah...actually, we’re laughing for another reason. By any chance, has Duchess ever read the book called, ‘Love Under the Moonlight’?”

“I don’t believe so.”

Someone at the side began to explain for Lucia who wasn’t quite knowledgeable on the subject. ‘Love Under the Moonlight’ was a romance novel that was popular among noblewomen recently. It portrayed the comedic story of a noblewoman who prided herself as the most beautiful in the world despite having an unattractive appearance and fell in love with her guard knight.

But something similar to the novel’s plot had actually happened in reality. The main characters were Countess Wickson, who was a single woman after losing her husband several years ago, and her guard knight. Countess Wickson had a strange appearance in addition to being advanced in age, while the guard knight was a rarely seen handsome young man.

When the two of them turned up at the theater today, the noblewomen gathered around and gossiped about them while laughing.

“Ah...I see.”

Lucia replied, forcing a smile on her face. The fact that these noblewomen were enjoying themselves from ridiculing someone else, showed that their conduct wasn’t very good.

Lucia stopped by the restroom and quickly left the break room. On the way to the theater stands, she encountered the topic of discussion, Countess Wickson.

Lucia had ever only exchanged greetings with Countess Wickson and it was a long time ago, but she was unable to forget the Countess because her appearance was so unique. Lucia planned to lightly greet the Countess and pass by, but upon seeing the guard following behind the Countess, she was surprised and came to a halt.

‘Hanson...?’

Oh my goodness. It was the swindler who preyed on Lucia in her dream. There was no doubt he was the man she once believed herself to be in love with. Lucia quickly walked away to avoid revealing her stiff expression. And as she walked, she burst into laughter in spite of herself. Since today’s play was a comedy, the maid following behind her didn’t give her an odd look for the sudden laughter.

‘To think he was a dishonorably discharged knight. Was it because of a scandal with the Countess?’

Hanson was a man with a pretty appearance. He smiled softly with his blue eyes and whispered sweet words in the ear. In the dream, Lucia fell headfirst for the man’s affectionate words.

Lucia didn’t know whether Hanson really shared his heart with the Countess, or whether he did what he did to her to the Countess and the Countess held him in contempt, making him he lose the knight’s honor. But she didn’t care to know.

In Lucia’s life, Hanson was nothing more than a passing wind. The wound caused by the betrayal of the man she believed in her dream didn’t even have a trace left. There was no space for darkness to crawl into her heart now.

Lucia returned to the theater stands and as soon as she saw her husband turning towards her, she was struck with awe. In her dream, she thought Hanson was a very beautiful man. But even if she looked at it objectively, her husband before her was much better looking.

This gorgeous man was her husband. Lucia was very satisfied. She grabbed him and kissed him, fully expressing her emotions. But it was her mistake. Because of her actions, he got excited and turned it into a long kiss, and because of that, she ended up missing the beginning of the play when it resumed.

* * *

After enjoying the play, Lucia returned home in a festive mood. But when she heard what Hugo said as she was retiring to bed, her happiness was dragged to the floor.

“...You have to go to the north.”

“When you went to the Palace, a knight came with a message from the north.”

Today in the office, Hugo took care of the duties regarding his territory that had been pushed back. Until this morning, he had no plan to leave for the North. He had intended to only send his knights for the subjugation this time.

But after seeing the contents of the message from Callis, it would seem that he needed to personally go and check out the situation.

“How long will it take?”

“I’m not sure. Even if I deduct the time to journey back and forth, it will take at least a month. And it could take even longer.”

Do not weigh on the footsteps on someone leaving for work. Lucia knew that much but she couldn’t help but feel sad. The dream-like events of last month were fleeting. But a month without him would be like an eternity.

“So did you bring me to see a play today to appease me?”

“Not exactly...maybe a little. Is it wrong?”

“No. You were trying to make me feel good.”

Lucia knew that his thoughtfulness was directed solely to herself. No one would ever imagine the Duke of Taran taking his wife to a play in order to butter her up. [1]

“When are you leaving?”

“Tomorrow at dawn.”

“So early...”

“The situation over there looks serious, so I think I should go as soon as possible.”

“I will see you off...”

“Don’t do that. Get plenty of sleep. I won’t feel good leaving you behind.”

Lucia didn’t persist any more. Just as he wouldn’t feel good leaving her, it would be hard for her to send him off. It would be better for her to open her eyes in the morning and he was already gone.

She was unable to hide her sadness and Hugo pulled her into a hug. The thought that he wouldn’t be able to hold her soft body for a long time made him feel distraught. If things could be done his way, he wanted to take her to the North.

But he knew that she couldn’t match the speed with which they had to rush to the north on horses. Moreover, he didn’t even want to take her to the dangerous border regions.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] The words ‘butter her up’ seem out of place to me but couldn’t think of anything better. Anyone have a better alternative?

< — Ever After — > (4)

“While I am not here, Roy will be in charge of guarding you.”

“Sir. Krotin?”

“Although he raises a lot of trouble, his skills are undoubtable. Hence, I decided on him even though he might be rude to you.”

“I am aware of Sir. Krotin’s attitude of treating people with ease. But I do not think he is such a bad person, so I’m not sure why he has such a frightful nickname. He’s also a knight you trust.”[1]

On the day Lucia went to propose marriage to him, she saw Roy and Hugo together and from what she saw, she felt the relationship between the two of them was more candid and comfortable than the rigid relationship between a Lord and his knight.

“That guy is a lot of things.”

Hugo recalled an old memory.

His first meeting with Roy, was as a mercenary slave called Hue. Some barbarian tribes would often kidnap people and enslaved them, or release them for a price. The mercenary whom Hue was enslaved to, received a request to rescue the kidnapped son of a noble.

While Hue was executing his mission under the orders of his mercenary owner, he saw other children who were captured. He didn’t have a soft heart that sympathized with other children’s situation, but the young boy with unusually spiteful eyes caught his attention. He alone was bound by the limbs and locked up in solitary confinement, yet he refused to be submissive.

Hue secretly snuck in at dawn when his mercenary owner was asleep and released the boy. He didn’t know why he did it. It was just a whim.

Hue broke the ropes binding the boy without saying anything, and the boy just stared at what Hue was doing without saying anything too. When his body became free, the boy grinned at Hue.

[I will repay you.]

And after a long time had passed, Hue reunited with the boy. It was around the time when the ducal couple perished in the hands of his brother, Hue had become Hugo and as the heir to the Duke, he was looking over the border due to the barbarian’s frequent plundering. As he was going around the border regions, he got a report that there was a man killing only barbarians on sight.

[He has great skill. But no matter if he is hurting only barbarians, he does not interact with anyone and might be dangerous, so I was unable to approach him carelessly.]

[The man has appeared again! He is in battle with several barbarians.]

Hugo went to the area where the battle was going on and watched the man fight from a distance. The three to four barbarians were unable to win against the one man.

Hugo felt the man looked familiar, but he couldn’t recall where he had seen him before. Despite the warnings of the people around him that it could be dangerous, he approached the man. The man simply stood there and watched Hugo approach him. Upon getting closer, Hugo remembered the guy. It was the boy he had freed from the barbarian prison when he was young. His red hair had given a deep impression back then and was still as intense.

[Why are you going around killing barbarians?]

[Those bastards killed my family.]

[Are you going to continue?]

[I have nothing else to do.]

[If you need something to do, would you like to come with me?]

[Will it be fun?]

[Much more.]

Just like the smile he had given when he was young, Roy grinned widely at him. Unlike Hugo, Roy seemed unable to remember their connection when they were young.

After receiving the tragic news from Roam, Hugo quickly left for Roam, and Roy followed along. While he was frantically settling the situation, he forgot about Roy. In the meantime, the guy shamelessly made himself comfortable and was doing nicely. After suppressing him with his power when he acted up a few times, the guy became a little more obedient. And when he realized that he couldn’t overcome Hugo with his skills, he felt wronged and lodged his complaints to Hugo.

[You said it would be fun! You swindler!]

Even though he grumbled, Roy did not run away. He learnt the minimal sense of propriety to stay among people and got along well with some of the family’s knights. And at some point, Roy became a knight of the family.

Hugo couldn’t tell her everything, but he told her some parts about his connection with Roy. Lucia listened with fascination and was amazed.

“So Sir. Krotin is a special person to you.”

“...Is that so?”

“Of course. If Sir. Krotin is in danger, you will go to rescue him, won’t you?”

Hugo couldn’t imagine Roy being in danger. The guy seemed like he would survive even in hell. Who knows? He might even jump into the firepot, courting danger because he believed in his strength too much. If it were such a pathetic case, he could click his tongue and leave him to suffer. But he didn’t think he could stand by and let the guy die.

“Mm. I suppose so.”

“Truly, the more I know about you, the more I am amazed. A lot of the things around you are unordinary. Then, what about the butler? How did you meet?”

Hugo almost fell for her sparkling eyes attack. Still hugging her, he changed their position and lay her down on the bed, towering over her.

“I told you not to talk about another man in bed.”

“I wonder who started it.”

“Even if I do it, you can’t. Don’t show curiosity either.”

“Really unreasonable.”

His lips gently landed on hers.

“So you hate it?”

Lucia laughed and wrapped her arms around his neck.

“How can I?”

The sound of her laughter in his ear made his heart feel warm.

“Always have the guard with you, no matter where you are going. Don’t be alone anywhere.”

“I’m more worried about you than myself. You are going to the battlefield.”

“You don’t have to worry about me at all. All you have to do is sleep well and eat well.”

“Even if you were the strongest person in the world, I would still worry about you. You have to be careful, don’t get hurt.”

Hugo hugged her tighter, as if answering her. When he was with her, he felt like he was an existence more precious and valuable than anything else.

Maybe if it was her, she could love the Hue that wasn’t Hugo. Maybe one day, she would be able to imbue his dark childhood which was deeply hidden as if sealed, with her clear color. He felt like someday, he would be able to reveal all his secrets to her.

“You’ll be back within the year, right?”

There were only two months left before the year came to an end.

“I’ll spend the morning of the New Year with you.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 100
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Ever After — > (5)

The man was given the mission of monitoring the actions of David, the Count of Ramis. All he had to do was roughly know where David went and whom he met with. This kind of mission was very easy for him because he had the experience of doing close surveillance where his own life was threatened. He felt dissatisfied because the mission was too easy. He wanted to get more dangerous and important missions.

So, he thought that if he found something important about the Count of Ramis, it would be a great boost to his career. Without realizing it, he drew closer and closer to the target within a few days.

‘He’s punctual today too.’

After coming down to the Ramis territory, David often went to the village pub to hit the bottle. In the Ramis territory, there were no high-class bars that attended only to nobles like in the capital. When the son of the territory lord entered the shabby bar where ordinary villagers went to, everyone drinking alcohol inside held their breath.

The noisy pub became silent in an instant and David alone drank in the set atmosphere. After a couple of customers that were about to leave were clubbed by David’s attendants, no one was able to leave and they all just sat there, holding their breaths.

The man secretly watching David felt uneasy to see this display of authority. The man was commoner-born. In his hometown, he got into trouble because he didn’t fawn over the haughty nobles and ended up leaving his hometown with gnashed teeth.

David got up and left the pub. And the man who was disguised as a customer also got up secretly. As soon as he left the pub, he quickly looked left and right, but he didn’t see David.

‘Where did he go?’

Inside the dark path leading to the village, a human shaped shadow flickered. The man carefully moved his feet.

Wham!

He was slammed hard on the back of his head and lost his consciousness on the spot.

“Find out who he is.”

David’s eyes blazed with bloodthirst as he looked at the man collapsed on the ground. His attendants bowed their head in reply.

“No. Throw him into prison for now. I will do the interrogation later.”

David ground his teeth. He could roughly guess who had put a tail after him.

‘So he sends me down to the fief and even puts me under surveillance. Father.’

***

Anita was informed by the staff that a VIP had been escorted to the VIP suite. She entered the VIP suite with a cunning smile on her face. With a face reddened from intoxication, David saw Anita and heartily called out to her.

“Oh, Countess. I have come.”

Anita sent out the female employees serving at the side with her eyes.

“If you had sent word of your arrival, I would have come sooner.”

“Are you uncomfortable because I suddenly came to find you?”

“Of course not. It is the greatest honor for Your Lordship to come find me often.”

Hearing the extravagant title that didn’t match his status, David just chuckled and said that it was nice.

“As expected, the only one who understands me is Countess.”

“I told you. Call me Madam Juel, not Countess Anita here.”

“Yes, you did. Yes, you did. Madame...Madame Juel.”

After throwing the unknown man following him in prison, David was enraged and recklessly came to the capital. When he got to the capital, he realized that he couldn’t go home. If he went to question his father about the man following him without concrete evidence, he would be scolded severely instead. As he was looking for a place to go, he thought of the very agreeable Countess and went to her bar.

David stopped by Anita’s bar everyday until he was chased down to the fiefdom. Fabian wanted to know what exactly the two of them were talking about, but even if he had the ability to know, there was nothing of value to be found. The two of them had only just gotten close in the meantime. To be more precise, Anita was in the process of getting David’s trust.

Anita was skilled in the art of eloquence and was good at bettering a man’s mood. In addition, she had a moderately broad knowledge on topics that men were interested in, such as politics and the economics field. Most of the men that talked to Anita were completely enraptured after conversing with her.

The only man that had been unaffected after talking to Anita, even with their deep relationship of spending the night together, was the Duke of Taran. This was because Hugo did not have genuine conversations with any woman.

When Anita realized that the Duke of Taran would look annoyed when a woman chattered noisily at his side, she cautiously kept her mouth shut as much as possible. So Hugo did not know the flirtatious side of Anita. But even if he knew, he probably wouldn’t have cared.

< — Ever After — > (5)

Edited by: ShadowDog

“Are you returning back to the capital now? If so, I will be able to see you often again.” (Anita)

“Rather than that...”

The intoxicated David began to mumble and make a racket. Most of David’s words were typical. He resented his father, he felt sorrow for his mother, and a hostility towards the Duke of Taran that was more like obstinacy. David’s insides were quite twisted unlike what one would expect from the precious son of a Duke. And that was why Anita liked David. People like him were easier to use.

Anita steadily built up David’s confidence in her so that David could open his heart to her. She sincerely agreed to everything he said and sometimes, she didn’t even charge him for his drink. She said she wanted to be his friend and comfort him. When David touched her while he was drunk, she pushed him away and made a saddened expression.

[I believed I could be true friends with your Lordship. Was I foolish to believe so?]

David, who had treated her as a bar hostess at first, began to show decorum to her as a Countess.

[You are better than a hot-blooded man. I have never thought that I could be friends with a woman, but I think it can be possible with Countess.]

Deep in Anita’s heart, her resentment towards the Duchess had grown bigger and it was swallowing her like a pitch-black abyss. She constantly denied her terribly declining position, but she couldn’t stop working as the hostess of the bar. When she sold her smile to numerous men and received their reverent gazes, she felt like she was alive.

But she could not admit that it was her nature. And she blamed the Duchess for pulling her down to this level and harbored hatred in her heart. Her power was too weak to threaten to the Duchess. But isn’t it said that even a cornered mouse would bite the cat.

Anita searched for an opportunity. And the person she had set her eyes on as an excellent tool, was David. She didn’t plan to rush anything, but looking back on the situation, things seemed to be progressing smoothly. David’s anger and jealousy was growing bigger and bigger.

“Why would my father even get someone to follow me! There is definitely someone slandering me. That Taran guy is driving a wedge between us. He is lingering around like a thorn in my side!”

Even if he was the heir to a Duke, he was merely just a Count, yet he says the Duke of Taran was scheming against him and slandering him?

‘There is no way.’

While ridiculing David in her heart, Anita comforted him.

“Then Your Lordship shouldn’t just endure but make a counterattack. If it is to the extent of humiliating the Duke of Taran, I can also manage.”

“Humiliate...? How?”

Anita hid her satisfied smile and continued speaking in an unimportant tone.

“Spreading a rumor that you are in a deep heart-to-heart relationship with the Duchess. Even if such a rumor spread, the Duke of Taran cannot come to dispute it with Your Lordship. And if he does, that is humiliating in its own way.”

David was hesitant. He was uncomfortable with doing something that would smear the reputation of the Duchess. Despite his negative feelings towards the Duke of Taran, the Duchess remained as fluttering puppy love in David’s heart.

“And sometimes rumors become real. A man and a woman who meet because of a rumor, grow close, and then dependent on each other.”

David was confident that the Duchess would be charmed by him as long as he had the opportunity to properly talk with her. If there was a rumor about them, he could use that as an excuse to talk with her. Anita who was well aware of David’s cunning heart, took hold of the opportunity.

“Mm...but if we make a fake rumor, it will be revealed quickly...” (David)

“Fake? No. We should make the real thing.” (Anita)

“What do you mean?”

“When it comes to rumors, all you have to do is provide a clue. If there is a scene where two people meets secretly, and people sees it, the rumors will spread in no time.”

The Duchess mostly participated in quiet social activities and only attended tea parties. And it was a wide-spread rumor that the ducal couple’s marital relationship was good. It was human nature to feel awe towards an unattainable target, but the ugly human heart also feels delight at the fall of that unattainable target.

If they created a scene where David who was known to have gone down to the fief, and the Duchess, were found to be secretly meeting, the scandalous rumors would spread in a flash like fire on a dry leaf.

The number of scandals circulating in the social circle were so many that it was ridiculous, but the impact of adding a scandal to noblewoman with a very clean reputation was completely different from adding one more rumor to someone with many rumors about them.

Authenticity did not matter. Even if the rumor was later revealed to be untrue, there would still definitely be someone who will voice out that such rumors turned up in the first place because there were grounds for it. Once a rumor spreads, it could settle down, but it could not be eradicated.

“In a few days, it will be the founding day.”

It was the first founding day since the ascension of the new King. The Duchess rarely went to balls, but she would not miss the founding party.

“There will be an extensive party and opportunely, the Duke of Taran is not in the capital. There is no better chance than this.”

“The biggest problem with this is how can the Duchess and I, be together alone without being seen?”

“I will make that opportunity for you.”

“Hmm...But why is Madame Juel helping me so actively?”

Anita teared up and confessed that she had once been a lover of the Taran Duke but was cruelly abandoned. And that if she had the chance, she wanted to exert a small revenge on the Duke of Taran.

David was thrilled and exclaimed that as expected, the Duke was a wicked and disrespectful man.

“Your Lordship only needs to help me with one thing.”

“And what is that?”

Anita visibly worried over whether to talk or not and only when David promised that he would help her in any way possible, did she open her mouth.

“I heard that the Ramis House had a magical tool that can change one’s appearance. Please lend that to me for a while. That’s all you need to do.”

Editor’s Corner:

*Rumors can’t be completely eradicated? Hmm, I wonder what Hugo has to say about that; you know what they say, dead men tell no tales.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 101
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (1)

All the carriages entering the palace for the founding party briefly stopped at the palace entrance to sign in the guest book. Of course, even the carriage of the Taran ducal house could not be exempted from that formal process.

After confirming the identities of the personnel in the carriage, the palace guard told Roy that he had to leave his sword behind.

“You’re telling a knight to surrender his sword?”

Roy looked at the palace guard and frowned menacingly. Well aware of Roy’s notoriety, the palace guard flinched and hesitantly replied.

“You cannot carry a sword into a party held in the palace.”

The palace guard was merely carrying out his duty faithfully and had done nothing wrong. While grumbling, Roy released his sword and handed it over. In any case, weapons didn’t mean much to Roy. An expert didn’t distinguish between tools. If he wanted to, he could use a fork to kill someone in the party hall. He didn’t even need a fork. If he snapped their neck, that would be the end of it.

After receiving the sword, the palace guard quickly sent the carriage in. He didn’t want to get involved with the Mad Dog. As so, the walking murder weapon confidently entered the palace.

As soon the Duchess of Taran appeared, the surrounding noblewomen flocked to her. Seeing Lucia surrounded by layers of women, Roy wondered to himself.

‘The Madam is pretty popular. Does she remember the faces of all these women? I definitely have to ask later.’

Roy continued to watch over Lucia from a distance. Being a noblewoman’s escort was more complicated than guarding at the side of the Crown Prince. The escort must be considerate so that the target being guarded can enjoy the party, in addition, the escort must not stick too close.

When people saw Roy standing at the side, their eyes would widen, then they would spin around and walk away. Thanks to that, Roy was able to occupy an extensive area without bumping into anyone. Roy did not neglect to look over the vast party scene from time to time.

‘That woman.’

Roy spotted a familiar woman. There weren’t many cases where Roy remembered someone. They either gave him a good feeling or the exact opposite, a very unpleasant aura. The woman he spotted was definitely the same one he saw at the coronation party with bad smell that gave him a bad feeling.

As he watched over the Madam, Roy stealthily monitored the woman that gave him a bad feeling. The woman wandered around the party hall without interacting with anyone, then she stood in the corner and fixed her gaze on one location. There were a lot of noblewomen gathered where the woman was staring at, and at the center of the crowd was the Madam and Princess Katherine.

‘It’s strangely irritating.’

Roy pondered about what he should do to woman if she showed up next to the Madam. However, the woman swiftly turned around and left the party hall. When the woman was finally out of sight, Roy felt refreshed like he had finally gotten rid of the sand that was in his shoes.

‘Oh, that bastard came too. Well, he’s not the kind of guy that would miss stuff like this.’

David was also one of the few people that Roy could remember. When Roy was guarding the Crown Prince, he saw David almost every day. Every time David saw Roy, he looked as if he was seeing something insignificant. But whether he did that or not, Roy also faced him with an insignificant gaze. If only he wasn’t the younger brother of the Queen, Roy would have beaten him up a few times already.

‘Why is he like that?’

David was practically hiding himself in an inconspicuous corner of the party hall. Even when someone occasionally acted like they knew him, he put on an expression of I-don’t-want-to-talk and shook them off.

Because Roy was not interested in news of the high society, he had no idea that David had gone down to the Ramis fiefdom. The guy who was usually pretentious and surrounded by people was now having an attitude like a guilty person. It was suspicious. And Roy’s eyes shone with a strange light.

The unpleasant woman appeared again, approached David and the two of them had a brief conversation. Even though they weren’t very secretive, they were being somewhat careful of their surroundings. And then, the woman left the party hall. After a while, David also left the party hall.

‘Are they lovers?’

The bad ones went well together.

‘Weirdly, something feels off.’

Roy turned his focus back to watching the Madam.

* * *

Anita hid in an inconspicuous place and nibbled on her lips as she looked at the Duchess, then at Roy who was a little distance away with his eyes never leaving the Duchess. She couldn’t think of a way to separate the Mad Dog from the Duchess. There wasn’t much time. The Duchess would be returning when it gets moderately late, she wouldn’t stay in the party till dawn.

‘I never thought she’d bring a knight with her to a party in the palace.’

There weren’t many cases of noblewomen bringing knights with them to the inside of a party. There was no established rule, but if an unknown daughter of a baron decides to bring a knight around everyone, it would be unusual and they would become the subject of ridicule.

At the Duchess’ level, even though they couldn’t say anything to her face, there were people who would tilt their head and wonder if there was a need to bring a knight to the party held in the palace, after all, there were strict identity checks performed at the entrance of the palace.

Actually, Roy was very conspicuous. Among the numerous people dressed formally, he was the only one dressed in light armor.

‘There is no other chance but today.’

The Duchess rarely attended balls. It was impossible to know when a day like today, a day where the Duchess attends a ball alone, would come again.

‘Let’s think of a place where the guard cannot follow. Restroom...right. The break room!’

Anita had once seen the Duchess use Princess Katherine’s break room. Most noblewomen knew that Princess Katherine had a private break room for herself.

They couldn’t step out first and ask the princess to show them her private space, but the noblewomen gossiped among themselves that if they had the chance, they wanted to see the Princess’ break room.

Anita decided to make up a situation. After confirming that Katherine was in the party hall, she went to the princess’ break room. In order to escape the boisterousness of the party, the break room was located a little further away from the party hall. Which meant that there were very few people walking by.

‘This location is very good.’

Two royal knights stood guard in front of the break room. When she pretended not to notice them and tried to get inside, the knights blocked her.

“What is your business here?”

“The princess gave me permission to use this place.”

“The princess has never given me such instructions.”

“Then, can you call the maid in there for me? The princess asked me to pass on a message.”

The knight went inside and after a while, a handmaid came out. Anita quickly measured the height and physique of the maid. Once she realized that the handmaid was very similar to herself, a plan began to quickly form in her head.

“That’s strange. This isn’t the handmaid. Are there any other handmaids?”

“There are no other handmaids inside.”

“Oh. Then I think I misunderstood something,” Anita said and turned around.

‘Two knights guarding the entrance. One handmaid inside. First, I have to remove the knights... I have to get young master Ramis’ help.’

Translator’s Corner:

* Another word for break room is lounge. I wanted to change it a while ago but I’ve already come so far with it so I’m just gonna leave it. Restroom and breakroom are different things (Obv)

* A handmaid is a maid that works in the palace, in case this isn’t clear.

< — The founding party — > (1)

David walked by Princess Katherine’s break room and beckoned to the two knights in front.

“You two. Come over here.”

The two knights exchanged glances with each other for a moment before they approached David. If it were an ordinary noble, there was no need to listen to them, but David was the son of Duke Ramis and the younger brother of the Queen. His status was one that couldn’t be ignored.

“What is the matter, sir?”

“Come with me for a moment.”

“But we have to guard here...”

“Jeez. It will only take a minute.”

“Alright then, one of us will stay behind.”

“I need help from two people. It is only just a moment. You mean you can’t even give me a minute of help? I’m disappointed.”

It was right for them to refuse for the sake of their duty, but they were only powerless palace knights. If a high-ranking noble held a grudge against them, they would lose their jobs without having any chance to defend themselves. The two knights looked at each other. A minute would be fine. In any case, there was also a maid in the break room.

As David turned around the corner of the corridor, bringing the knights with him, Anita, who was watching the situation, quickly entered the break room.

In the break room, there was a short passage of about ten steps, so that the inside of the break room could not be seen upon entering through the door. Turning around the corner, along the wall at the end of the hall, there was a door in the middle that led to the inside of the break room. When Anita came in, the handmaid stood up.

“You are the person I met earlier. How did you get in here?”

“The princess gave me permission to use this place.”

“Ah? But I have never received such instructions.”

“Then how did I get in here when there are knights guarding outside? Are you saying I am lying?”

When Anita cornered her as if she was angry, the handmaid hesitated.

“If you don’t believe me, I’ll show you the evidence. Come and see.”

The handmaid drew close to Anita. Anita turned the ring she was wearing, pointed it to her palm and opened the lid of the ring. Inside the ring was a tiny needle.

Anita suddenly grabbed the hand of the approaching maid. The startled handmaid took her hand away, but after a while, her eyes spun, and she collapsed to the floor with a thud. It was a poison that would make you pass out and gradually paralyzed you to death. If she wasn’t given the antidote within three to four hours, the handmaid would die.

Anita didn’t even care about the handmaid’s life. Rather, after doing something irreversible, she felt a subtle sense of pleasure, like all the bars that had been suffocating her were released.

Anita dragged the maid to the restroom next to the break room and laid her down. She quickly changed into the clothes of the now stripped maid. And then, she pulled out the bracelet, the magical tool, that David had given to her.

The magical tool she’d only heard about through rumors, was a crude silver bracelet. Most of aristocratic families’ magical tools were kept as a secret but there were a few things that were secretly known. The magical tool owned by the Duke Ramis family was one of such open secrets.

Anita put the bracelet on her wrist. The bracelet glowed faintly and tightened to fit her wrist. And Anita’s appearance in the mirror slowly began to change.

Her hair color changed to a very pale brown, and her pupils changed to color closer to black. She couldn’t completely change her structure into a completely different person. But, her overall impression had somewhat changed. The appearance and atmosphere around her had changed into such that it would be difficult to think this appearance and Anita were the same person.

The effect of the magical tool would last for one hour. David said that once used, it would take about a year before it could be reuse. But that didn’t matter. To Anita, one hour was enough.

* * *

Fabian lamented his position where he had to work late into the night of the founding day. Seeing his income increase in proportion to his dwindling time for rest, Fabian and his wife, Alice, had mixed emotions.

Without the eyes of his master watching him, Fabian was even busier. If something happened in his master’s absence, it would be a serious issue, so he couldn’t relax his mind.

‘It didn’t show up today too.’

His subordinate’s report had been delayed for a few days and it was grating on his nerves. A secret mission had a lot of unforeseen situations, so a plan was of no use. The date of a report being a few days off was something that happened often.

However, the fact that David was the subject of surveillance kept bothering him. When compared to his master, David seemed ridiculous, but on his own, David was a tycoon-level aristocrat. Moreover, unlike the capital, the Ramis territory was David’s domain.

‘Should I have sent two people to follow him? But this side shows nothing out of sort...’

The conclusion of the surveillance report on the Countess of Falcon was ‘nothing significant to report’. These days, they were only taking note of the Countess of Falcon’s movement. If she didn’t stray from her daily repeated schedule, they didn’t look carefully into it. The Countess poured her attention into the management of the bar and went around the bar every day.

‘Does she plan to completely become a bar hostess? But if she goes too far, her reputation in the social circle will hit the bottom.’

Whatever happens to the Countess’ reputation was none of his business. But putting aside his dislike of the Countess, Fabian had never thought that the woman was stupid. When he looked at her recent trajectory, he wondered what exactly was she thinking.

Fabian still did not stop trying to find out why David went to the Countess’ bar. Once he grabbed the tail, he never let go until the main body was revealed. That was the way Fabian worked.

Fabian didn’t know what David had talked about when alone with the Countess in the private room. He bought off a few employees and gathered up the words David had said, piece by piece.

When he heard that David had drunkenly praised the Duchess of Taran’s beauty a couple of times, he smelled something strange. And when he looked into it, he found that David gave the Madam a love letter but was refused.

‘This nutcase. He dares to covet who?’

If the man talked nonsense with the Madam and a strange rumor were to arise from that, the anger of his lord would explode. The ones below were always greatly affected by the mental state of their masters.

Fabian shivered. Such a thing should never happen.

A subordinate knocked on the door, came in and gave a brief report. He was in charge of monitoring Harry, the person who was now leading the youth’s association that David started. The subordinate came to report that David met Harry in the evening for a while and then left.

“What? That guy came to see the target?”

“They didn’t talk about anything important. He just briefly asked about the recent news...”

“Whatever those bastards talked about isn’t the problem. Right now-!”

‘David is in the capital right now? This fool!’

Fabian immediately sensed that something had happened to his subordinate that was attached to David. When dealing with many subordinates, sometimes, a ridiculous accident would occur.

Fabian summoned his subordinates immediately. He had to find information about the guy who was captured and figure out a way to bring him out.

‘There’s no way Duke Ramis has called him back to the capital already, so why the hell did he come to the capital? To attend the founding party? Just for that?’

Fabian put together all the information he had and created a variety of possibilities.

‘The founding party can be an opportunity for David and the Countess to meet naturally. But for a secret meeting, the bar is better. Do they really have a need to meet at the founding party?’

Fabian suddenly felt a chill on his back.

‘The Madam also went to the party.’

He had a bad feeling about this. Since Roy was guarding her, there wasn’t much to worry about. But he would only be relieved after sending someone to bring this to Roy’s attention. Fabian hurriedly ordered someone to infiltrate the palace.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 102 - < — The founding party — > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (2)

After changing her appearance, Anita came out of the break room, wearing the handmaid’s clothing. The knights who were called away by David, had returned to guarding the door, and when they saw the familiar handmaid coming out, their eyes widened. Seizing the initiative, Anita lowered her voice and spoke to the knights with a grave look on her face.

“Why in the world did you two leave your posts? The princess is inside right now. She asked where the knights went and was very angry to find you gone.”

The complexion of the knights turned ashen. Where was their luck and fortune? They didn’t expect that the princess would come in during the short while that they were gone.

They didn’t know what the Count of Ramis had against them to do what he did. He said he needed help, but he only took them along while talking about strange nonsense, then he told them to leave. If they were to use the Count of Ramis as an explanation and Count Ramis feigned innocence, they would be accused of making up an excuse and would be punished more.

The knights felt mortified. They were well aware of Princess Katherine’s difficult personality when she was angry. She would definitely call the Captain of the Royal Guards and explode at him, after which, the Captain would call on them and vent out his anger on them. Their future looked bleak.

“And that’s why I roughly made up something.”

“What do you mean by that?”

The knights who looked like they had fallen into hell were instantly revived.

“She might hear us from the inside, so let’s go this way.”

The knights followed Anita without hesitation. As the knights stepped away from the door and looked away, David, who was hiding, took that chance and quickly entered the break room.

“I told the Princess that you seem to have been called by the Captain of the Royal Guard.”

“Did the princess understand?”

“She was a little less angry. I don’t think she will call the Captain of the Guard to verify the authenticity of what I said. Later, you must apologize to the princess and ask for forgiveness.”

“Phew. We’re really thankful. I’m just seeing you for the first time, when did you start working here?”

“It hasn’t been long since I started serving the princess. Please look after me in the future.”

They happily exchanged pleasantries with each other. After overcoming a crisis, the knights’ eyes were drawn to the beauty of the handmaid. Even though they were utter strangers, not only did she help them, she was also pretty. The knights held a considerable amount of goodwill towards Anita.

Anita adequately responded to the knight making a pass at her and fluttered her eyes. Then she went back into the break room and chuckled insipidly with a frosty look in her eyes. The beings known as men are just...

David was walking around the break room and upon seeing the Anita that came in, he flinched.

“Are you...really the Countess?”

“Yes. It is me.”

“Huh. You really look like a different person. It might be my family’s magical tool, but this is my first time seeing it in action.”

“I am also amazed by the mysterious power of the Ramis family’s magical tool.”

“So, what do you plan to do now?”

“I will act as a handmaid and bring the Duchess here.”

“What if someone else comes here in that interval? If the princess comes...”

“I’ll take care of everything. Don’t worry and please wait. It will not take long.”

Anita asked David to never leave the break room. Then she packed up her clothes that she had taken off and left the break room. She spoke to the knights standing in front of the door.

“I’m going to escort the Duchess here on orders of the princess. The princess told me to tell you that she’ll be having an important discussion with the Duchess, and so no one should come inside.”

“Understood.”

There was no one that saw the handmaid and thought it was weird for her to be carrying a dress under her arm. Sometimes, a noblewoman’s dress would be dirtied with food and couldn’t be worn as it was, so the dress would be urgently transported.

Anita walked along the hallway, looking around and avoiding people’s eyes, then she threw the dress in a room that was used as a storage.

* * *

Anita approached Princess Katherine’s handmaid.

“His Majesty is looking for the princess and wishes to speak with her privately. I was told it is very urgent. I have to quickly meet with Her Highness the Queen, so I will take my leave.”

“I got it. But you, where are you from...”

The handmaid tried to identify the maid she had never seen before, but right after speaking, the maid turned away and disappeared with quick steps. Katherine’s handmaid was offended by the attitude of the unfamiliar maid who only said what she wanted to say before leaving. But she couldn’t ignore the message that the king was looking for Princess Katherine and urgently at that.

Anita hid in an inconspicuous place and watched Katherine. She confirmed the handmaid approaching Katherine to whisper the message, and Katherine leaving the hall afterwards.

She followed behind from a distance and watched until Katherine’s carriage left for the Inner Palace, then she returned to the party hall.

This time, she approached the Duchess’ maidservant.

“The princess says she has something to talk about with the Duchess in private. Please inform the Duchess that the princess is waiting for her in the break room.”

Hearing what the maid whispered into her ear, Lucia broke away from the crowd of noblewomen. As she stepped out into the hallway leading to the princess’ break room, a handmaid stood there, waiting for her.

Anita glanced at Roy, who was following behind the Duchess, and bowed her head.

“The princess stepped out for a moment due to an urgent matter. Is the order you were given correct?”

“Before the princess left to see His Majesty, she said that there was something she had to urgently tell the Duchess. She said it is related to the reason why His Majesty is looking for her.”

Before Katherine left for the Inner Palace, she slightly hinted to Lucia that she was going to see the King. Seeing as the maid knew about that, Lucia believed the handmaid’s words. Rather than growing suspicious, she grew worried and urgent. All sorts of thoughts filled her head, like the idea that maybe the King was calling the princess, because of news of her husband who was currently on the battlefield.

“Let’s go.”

Anita began to walk ahead of them. They walked along the desolate hallway, scarce with people. They were already quite a distance away from the boisterous clamoring of the party hall.

< — The founding party — > (2)

When they arrived at the break room, Anita looked at the knights with a smile in her eyes. They tried to make a solemn expression, but the corner of their lips twitched up and down in an attempt not to smile.

The knights did not deter Anita from going in nor did they stop the Duchess whom the princess had instructed to be allowed access at any time.

Anita went inside the break room and as if acting to close the door, she naturally moved to the rear of the group. After passing through the short hallway, the maidservant opened the middle door. As soon as the Duchess passed through the door, Anita quickly grabbed the maid’s hand and pricked it with a poisoned needle.

The maidservant turned around to look at Anita quizzically, but she quickly fell unconscious and collapsed to the floor. Anita deliberately let out a short scream.

“Oh my god!”

Lucia hurriedly approached to help the fallen maid. Anita acted like she was helping the maid but secretly relaxed her hand. She took a step back and pulled out a perfume bottle from her bosom.

“Duchess.”

Anita sprayed perfume in the direction of Lucia, who had lifted her head in response. The contents of the perfume bottle was an anesthetic that quickly made one fall unconscious. Lucia didn’t even have time to grasp the situation or let out a scream. Still holding onto her maid, she sank to her knees and fell unconscious.

Everything took place in a very short moment. Anita’s face was flushed red. She was so excited that she was short of breath.

“W-W-What...in the world. Why did you...”

David emerged, looking extremely flustered.

“What is this?”

David had taken this task lightly. He thought he just had to wait in the break room, meet the Duchess and that was it. He didn’t know he would bring substantial harm to the Duchess in this manner.

“Furthermore, what’s with the fainted woman in the bathroom?”

For David, the time he had to wait for Anita felt too long. He couldn’t stay still at all, so he looked around the break room and found a woman lying on the floor of the bathroom in her underwear.

“I momentarily put her to sleep so I could borrow her clothes. The Duchess is also only unconscious for a while. Please help me. Before the Duchess wakes up, she needs to be moved to the sofa and the maid has to be cleared away.

A conflict arose in David’s mind.

‘Isn’t this getting too big?’

He had no intention of taking any damage to himself due to this incident. Rumor with the Duchess. He didn’t think of anything more than that.

Anita read the cowardice from David’s hesitant expression. Because she already knew that David’s delivery was only to this extent, she wasn’t disappointed.

Plus, it wasn’t just David. Males, the lot of them were like that. They only cared for their profit and if they were slightly disadvantaged, they would pulled out their feet, but on the outside, they bragged as if they were magnanimous.

‘That man wasn’t like that.’

Sadness momentarily flitted across Anita’s eyes. The Duke of Taran. She had not met a man like him whose inside and outside were the same.

He did not whisper affectionate lies to get a woman’s body. He directly said he only needed her body. She didn’t even expect that man’s affection. She was even satisfied with only his body but.

Anita’s eyes fell on the Duchess and her gaze turned chilly. It was because of this woman.

‘You can’t withdraw like this.’

It was possible that she couldn’t completely escape from this incident. She didn’t expect David to loyally keep the secret till the end.

But if David were to withdraw here, she wouldn’t even be able to finish what she had started and would be the only one that got swindled. David had to be involved, even if it was only a little bit, for there to be a chance to get away.

“It’s just the beginning, are you going to stop here? I will follow Your Excellency’s will. It’s only too bad that such an opportunity will not come again.”

Knowing David’s personality, pushing him would backfire instead. Anita stepped back as if she was giving David all the right to make the decision.

‘You want to retreat alone? I’m sorry but you can’t do that.’

Anita fiddled with the ring in her palm. It wasn’t a completely bad idea to just kill everyone. Kill David and kill the Duchess too. Then finish it off by ending her life herself.

From the moment she stabbed the handmaid with the poisoned needle, she threw away all the taboos in the world that were obstructing her. It gave her an enormous sense of freedom. The darkness that had been piling up in her heart as she lived, burst out all at once and swallowed her whole.

“Well. We’ve come all the way here, I won’t cowardly run away.”

David made a resolute expression as if he had made a grave decision. He did not see the weird smile that Anita gave. Perhaps if he had seen it, he would have felt terrified enough to want to run away from the break room immediately.

“Are they really only temporarily unconscious?”

“Yes.”

“It won’t harm the Duchess, right?”

That harm to the Duchess may come back to bite him in the future, that sort of worry was David’s sincerity.

“Of course. There is absolutely no harm to the Duchess.”

The lingering bloodthirst in Anita’s eyes disappeared without a trace. She did not lie. The thing she sprayed on the Duchess was really just an anesthetic that cause one to temporarily lose consciousness. The Duchess’ maid and the handmaid lying in the bathroom would probably die, but she didn’t go out of her way to say that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 [part 1] - < — The founding party — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (3)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

Roy leaned against the wall adjacent to the break room. He had confirmed with the knights guarding the break room door that there were no other entrances to the room.

‘It’s taking a long time.’

Being unable to see the target he was guarding right away made him uncomfortable.

‘Let’s wait for just 30 minutes. Then I have to make sure the Madam is alright.’

A servant approached from a distance and just as he passed by in front of Roy, he made a gesture that signaled their familiarity with each other. Roy naturally shifted his position and moved slightly away from the break room.

“Hey. You. Come here.” (Roy)

The servant, who had walked some distance away, heard the call and approached Roy with reluctant steps. And turning his back to the knights guarding the break room entrance, he stood and said in a quiet voice.

“There are characters that need to be watched cautiously.” (Servant(?))

Roy increased his voice as if wanting the knights to hear.

“Go bring me something to drink.” (Roy)

“Count Ramis and Countess Falcon. The message is to inform you that you should watch carefully if either of them approach the Madam.” (Servant(?))

The break room door opened, and a handmaid came out. The handmaid shared a knowing glance with the knights, then walked in Roy’s direction.

“I asked you to bring it, why do you have so much to say?” (Roy)

“You cannot drink alcohol here.” (Servant(?))

It was the scene of a servant who was pressed to follow a difficult demand, and a knight who was forcing him to bring alcohol. Because it was an action reasonable enough for someone as notorious as Roy, Anita held no suspicion and simply passed them.

The moment the woman passed in front of him, Roy’s head turned sharply in her direction.

‘What the— this smell is...’

It was a familiar but unpleasant smell. Roy knew a woman with the exact same smell. But that woman’s face was not like this. Roy persistently followed the woman with his eyes until she turned around the corner and disappeared.

“...Who? David and who?”

“The Countess of Falcon.”

“Don’t know who that is but anyway, it’s a woman.”

He straightened up and quickly approached the knights standing guard in front of the break room. Seeing Roy suddenly approaching them, the knights raised their guard.

There was no time to tussle. After making this judgement, Roy gathered power in his fists and unhesitatingly slammed them into the abdomen of the two knights.

“ Kh !”

Not expecting him to attack without notice, the knights were unable to react at all and toppled over. Roy hit the back of their neck and knocked them out. He grabbed the unconscious knights by the scruff of their neck and using his chin, he gestured to the man who was dressed as a servant.

“Open the door.”

The man’s mouth opened a crack before he quickly opened the door. As Roy entered the room, the man checked to make sure that there was no one around to see them, then he followed inside and shut the door behind them.

Roy abandoned the two knights at the entrance, kicked opened the middle door and entered inside. Seeing the scene unfolding before his eyes, Roy’s eyes widened menacingly. The Madam was lying on the couch with her eyes closed, and beside her, stood David in a hovering manner.

His actions moved faster than his thoughts. Roy sprang at David in the blink of an eye and grabbed him by the collar.

“What did you do to the Madam!”

“ Kuk !”

With the pressure on his throat, David couldn’t reply properly so Roy relaxed his grip slightly. David complexion had turned crimson as he frowned and struggled with both hands to remove Roy’s grip on his throat.

“You heinous bastard! Let me go this instant!”

Rather than obeying, Roy shook him with the hand that was grabbing his neck and threatened fiercely.

“If the Madam is hurt in the slightest, you will die in my hands.”

“The Duchess is saf... kuk .”

“Is this your handiwork?”

“N...No...she passed out for a mome...th-this...let go of this...”

“This fucker! Why would the Madam pass out?!”

As Roy held him by the neck and shook him, David continued to keep his mouth shut. Roy was breathing roughly as he fumed and deciding to listen to the bastard’s words, he relaxed the strength in his hand. But when David continued to look at him with his mouth tightly shut as if showing off, Roy released his neck in annoyance.

David arranged his crumpled collar with a very angry look on his face.

“Will you start talking about what the hell you’re doing here?!” (Roy)

“You insolent—! Do you know who I am?!” (David)

“I don’t care who you are. Explain.”

“And who are you?”

David snorted.

“Me? I’m the Madam’s guard, of course. And whoever harms the Madam will unconditionally die by my hands.”

Seeing Roy’s expression full of murderous intent, David flinched. Since it was this ignorant bastard, he wouldn’t care about the aftermath, he would just commit the act. David had often heard of the man’s notoriety in the high society.

“I simply came to meet the Duchess.” (David)

“Why would you?” (Roy)

David smiled mockingly.

“Well, because the Duchess invited me to meet her.” (David)

This dude is crazy. Roy thought.

“This isn’t a place that anyone can come in. I didn’t hear you were in here.” (Roy)

“But you...the way you’re talking to me...” (David)

David ground his teeth at Roy’s tone.

While David and Roy were having a standoff, the man who had followed Roy inside, felt the pulse of the Duchess who was lying down on the sofa. The man gave a sigh of relief and nodded to Roy when their eyes met.

“Duchess.”

The man shook her lightly by the arm and woke her up.

Lucia pressed her temples, frowned and slowly opened her eyes. Her head was heavy as if someone had placed a bunch of stones on it. She felt a headache different from her usual headaches; her head was just blank.

“Madam!”

“Sir...Krotin?”

“Can you stand?”

Lucia couldn’t think of anything at all. She just held the couch and mumbled that she had to get up as if she were perform a given task then she lifted her body. The man at the side helped by supporting her.

“Hurry and escort the Madam out of here. Make sure to keep out of sight. Something is strange.” (Roy)

“Understood. Please hurry, Duchess.”

Lucia wanted to know what in the world was going on. But she judged that now wasn’t the right time for such a thing.

Sir. Krotin was a guard that her husband had placed at her side out of worry for her safety. There was trust in her husband’s words when he said that Sir. Krotin was trustworthy as he was skilled. So Lucia decided to unconditionally believe in Sir. Krotin.

She felt a little dizzy but after a few steps, she was able to move with ease. As she followed the man who appeared to be a servant, Lucia was startled to see the knights collapsed at the entrance. Thanks to that, her vacant head seemed to awaken a bit.

The servant opened the door first and stepped out for a bit, then he came back inside.

“There is no one around. You may come out.”

The hallway was usually vacant of people. As they walked along the hallway, the servant continued to be on full alert as he checked the surroundings.

“Wait. Someone is coming. It would be better to avoid them.”

Since they weren’t very far from the break room yet, it was better to not be seen by anyone right now.

Lucia turned in the direction of the dead-end corridor with a bunch of armor set up as ornaments, and hid next to a set of armor. The man in servant’s attire walked forward, calm and composed.

A group of people appeared around the corner, consisting of about ten or so noblewomen and following them was Anita, who was dressed as a handmaid.

The servant passed by them naturally and acted as if he was turning the corner but carefully glanced at them. From the looks of it, the direction they were heading towards, was the princess’ break room.

‘Will Sir Krotin be fine?’

Although he was worried, there was nothing he could do right now. His most important task was to protect the Duchess.

The servant escorted the Duchess and walked towards the party venue.

Lucia was feeling quite better; the heavy feeling that had put her in a bad mood had improved. She straightened her waist naturally, like a noblewoman bring her servant along.

“Slow down. Otherwise it will seems like we’re in a hurry.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

The servant slowed down his steps which he had unknowingly increased. And he slightly glanced at the Duchess.

‘She’s a really composed person.’

She didn’t ask anything nor did she get flustered and run around in confusion. The Duchess was merely following Sir Krotin’s instructions, but it was a great deal of coping ability for a noblewoman who had never experience anything rough and was used to giving orders rather than receiving them.

As they got out of the desolate hallway, people were buzzing around left and right. There were busy handmaids and manservants going somewhere with hurried steps, and also guests in formal wear that had come out in order to avoid the buzz of the party.

The servant called a passing handmaid, stopping her.

“Escort the Duchess to the party hall. And call the Imperial doctor. The Duchess says she had a headache.”

“Yes.”

The man naturally handed the Duchess to the handmaid and asked the handmaid to call the Imperial doctor to check if there was anything wrong with the Duchess.

Lucia briefly met eyes with the man. Then she left for the party hall with the handmaid. Her heart pounded as if it would burst, but she kept on taking quick breaths so that she wouldn’t reveal it.

The servant watched from a little distance away as the Duchess walked together with the handmaid, then he slowly followed behind. He walked as if he was coincidentally moving in the same direction. As of now, he decided that he must not take his eyes off the Duchess.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 103 [part 2] - < — The founding party — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (3)

After confirming that the Madam had completely left the break room, Roy spoke icily to David.

“You have not seen the Madam here today. Do you understand?”

David gnashed his teeth furiously. He was definitely going to make this bastard live a life worse than death. He wasn’t just rude. A mere vulgar commoner-born knight was insulting a Count heir to a Duke.

When David angrily tried to go past Roy in a huff, Roy blocked his path.

“What!”

“Answer before you go. My Madam was never here.”

David snorted.

“Didn’t you hear me? I came here after being invited by the Duchess.”

“This son of a—”

Roy growled. David flinched, then he was filled with indignation at the fact that he was overwhelmed by an ignorant knight’s attitude.

“And if I keep my mouth shut? Do you think you can hide the fact that the Duchess was here? What will you do about the knights guarding outside?”

“I just need to tell them to never speak of it.”

“How do you know that no one beside the knights and I know?”

Roy’s eyes took on a gleam. David wanted to upset Roy’s mood even more, so he kept mouthing off.

“Soon, people will come here. I am in the princess’ break room and the Duchess’ guard knight is together with me. Look forward to how I will explain this situation.”

“...Someone will come?”

“The Duchess’ guard knight left the Duchess and fought with the Count over a love affair. It’ll be very interesting.”

All expression died away from Roy’s face. Lifeless eyes, void of emotion like that of a wild beast, met with David’s eyes.

“...I see. This is a plot of yours.”

Roy smiled. It was an immaculate, bright smile.

David broke out in goosebumps. It was an instinctive sensation of life, responding to the threat of death. David tried to say something, but it was already too late.

Roy’s two hands grabbed David’s head and twisted it. Crack, along with the sound, David’s consciousness was cut off. Roy placed the unbreathing David on the floor and stood up. He looked around the break room with a subdued coldness in his eyes. It was completely different from his usual frivolous and careless appearance. Just like a beast that held its breath as it crouched just before taking the leap, there was a calm but ferocious energy around Roy.

Roy had now returned to being a hunter. He revived the sensation of his time in the north, when he had hunted down and killed barbarians.

‘The Madam definitely came here with her maid.’

Roy checked every corner of the break room. And he discovered the two unconscious women on the floor of the restroom. The first woman he saw was only in her underwear, and the other woman was his Madam’ maid. The lips of both women were dark in color, displaying the typical symptoms of poisoning. Their chances of survival didn’t seem very high.

‘I can’t leave the maid behind.’

If he was alone, he could get out of here without leaving a trace, no matter what. But taking an unconscious woman along would make things difficult. However, leaving the maid behind with the corpse of the Duke’s successor, meant that the Madam would get caught up in the situation.

‘Moreover, there is an accomplice.’

David said people were coming. That meant that there was a promise or an agreement for that to happen.

‘The person that brought this bastard here. They will definitely come back here.’

Roy was reminded of the handmaid that had passed in front of him earlier and the unpleasant woman that kept grating on his nerves. The two different looking people had the same smell. There was some kind of relationship between the two.

‘Who are they aiming for? The Madam? Or the Lord?’

While escorting the Crown Prince for more than a year, Roy learnt a lot of things. He witnessed the battles of aristocrats, where they made rumors and spread them in order deal with their enemies.

At first, he thought ‘a man should pick up his sword and fight fair and square, what sort of crappy act is that’. But he came to the realization that sometimes, the effect of a rumor was much more fatal than that of a sword.

‘The Madam is a woman. A rumor is not good for a woman.’

Regardless of who they were aiming for, if they harmed the Madam, the result would lead to his lord being harmed as well.

‘The accomplice must be eliminated.’

Roy gave up on escaping. And he thought of cleaning up. He decided to get rid of all traces of the Madam ever being here. A true hunter should not leave any traces or any causes for future concern.

He had to start with getting rid of the witnesses. He broke the necks of the maid and the handmaid, killing them instantly. He felt a little sorry to the maid whom he was slightly acquainted with.

‘Sorry. I’ll beg for forgiveness in hell later.’ [1]

He dragged in the knights who were strewn across the floor at the entrance. They were witnesses to the scene of the Madam entering the break room. As expected, he killed them too, and leaned them against the wall in an inconspicuous blind spot.

The whole process was over in the blink of an eye. Many lives were lost in an instant, but for Roy, it was a hunt. There was no fear or any feeling of guilt in him after murdering ordinary people.

Roy sat on the sofa, closed his eyes and waited patiently. His sensitive senses caught the sound of a group of people heading in his direction. The gradually approaching footsteps stopped in front of the door to the break room.

The moment the door was opened with a tiny click sound, Roy opened his eyes. The middle door opened. A dozen or so noblewomen piled into the break room, discovered Roy and stopped.

Roy’s eyes flashed. He saw the eyes of the handmaid quiver relentlessly as she stood, holding onto the door latch.

Anita thought something was strange from the moment she didn’t see the Duchess’ guard in the hallway, and when she saw that there were no knights in front of the break room, she felt something wasn’t right.

However, she couldn’t refuse the noblewomen who were following her and urging her to quickly open the door. If she ran away like that, it would be way too obvious. She thought that regardless of what had happened, after bringing the noblewomen inside, she would take the chance and naturally remove herself.

The noblewomen would never open a door with their own hand. Anita was annoyed even though she herself was such a noblewoman. As soon as she opened the middle door, Anita came face-to-face with Roy, who was staring straight at her. She couldn’t move an inch as if she had become a frog in front of a snake.

‘So it is you.’

Roy instinctually judged that this woman was at the center of all the things that had occurred. Following the temperament of a hunter, which relied more on the body’s senses than reasoning, he pulled out the hidden dagger that he always had on him, and immediately threw it at the woman’s neck.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] This is more like ‘I’ll beg for forgiveness when I go to hell later’.

E/N: Wow, didn’t expect such a bloodbath here heh, but gotta give it to Roy for his way of handling things. This dog approves of it, the dead cannot talk. XD

*Hope you don’t mind the editor’s comments. I’ve been leaving them in cause it’s the end of the chapter anyways and you can think of it as a comment.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (4)

Lucia returned to the party hall and mixed in with the noblewomen. She didn’t have time to think properly and because of the sudden incomprehensible sequence of events, her heart was racing, and her palms were sweaty.

But even then, she was outwardly smiling at the noblewoman who was talking to her. Her experience in the dream of socializing while wearing a fake smile till she was sick of it, was very helpful to her.

Katherine returned to the noisy party hall filled with the sound of people’s voices and music. She quickly approached Lucia without concealing her cloudy expression.

As soon as Lucia saw Katherine, her mind which had been in a state of confusion, began to regain order. This whole situation began from the moment she went to the break room after hearing the maid say that Katherine was looking for her.

“Princess. Are you...coming back from the Inner Palace?”

“You know, I just ran a fool’s errand. His Majesty was never looking for me. I am going to find out who in the world passed on this nonsense and punish them severely for this.”

Katherine furiously expressed her displeasure.

Seeing this, Lucia realized that she had been conspired against. Someone lured Katherine first with lies, and then used that to lure her to the break room.

‘Why? Who would do this?’

If not for Sir. Krotin, it would have resulted in a huge problem. Lucia thought back to the situation in the break room earlier. The man whom Sir. Krotin was holding by the throat was definitely the Count of Ramis.

‘I don’t know how this situation came about. Did Count Ramis try to harm me?’

More than anything else, Lucia’s biggest worry was what would happen to Sir. Krotin.

“Duchess. The imperial doctor is waiting for you.”

A handmaid approached them and said.

“The imperial doctor? Duchess, are you not feeling well?”

“Yes. My head is a little...”

“Oh no. You should go home and rest. I don’t think Duchess is cut out for activities that are late at night.”

Suddenly, people began to stir. In the hallway connected to the spacious party hall, the royal knights made their way through, and the sound of banging armor echoed as they moved swiftly. Realizing that the knights were headed towards the princess’ private breakroom, Lucia’s expression paled as she stiffened.

A situation where there was a collective movement of knights that could ruin a party’s merry atmosphere was extremely rare. People began to grow noisy as they wondered what big incident had occurred.

“Go find out what’s going on.”

Katherine sent her handmaid. The sound of the knights’ banging armor grew farther away and Lucia went to the public break room to get a checkup from the imperial doctor. In the meantime, the atmosphere of the party slowly returned.

The noblewomen gathered around Katherine. A certain noblewoman spoke up.

“Please show us your break room sometime too, Princess.”

“I agree. I know not too many people can go together at once, but I feel sad that I didn’t have the honor of being invited to the first opening of the princess’ break room.”

“What do you mean by opening of my breakroom?”

“Earlier, didn’t the handmaid escort several ladies to the princess’ break room, under the princess’ instructions? We were told that Princess was holding an opening and had chosen the first visitors.”

“I never gave such instructions. So you mean to say that I now have people who I never gave permission to, inside my breakroom?”

When Katherine retorted sharply, the noblewomen were bewildered and looked at each other.

***

After being told by the imperial doctor that there was nothing wrong with her, Lucia returned to the party hall. And at the same time, the handmaid who Katherine had sent on an errand, came back to the party hall and whispered something to Katherine with a very stiff expression. After hearing what she said, Katherine’s expression also stiffened.

“Duchess, a minute please.”

Katherine took Lucia away from the crowd of people and went a remote area.

“Duchess. Don’t be alarmed and listen to me. I looked into what the knights were up to, and it seems like an accident has occurred. Actually, rather than calling it an accident...”

Katherine was unable to finish her sentence.

Lucia intentionally tried to make a calm expression, but her tightly clenched fists were trembling. She had an ominous foreboding. An eerie cold chill ran up her spine.

Please. Lucia muttered to herself. Her heart rattled with worry that something bad might have happened to Sir. Krotin.

“There was a murder. The culprit is Duchess’ guard escort. Knight Krotin.”

***

The lord has changed.

“For the time being, we’ll use this village as our camp.” (Hugo)

“Yes, my lord.”

As he watched Boris, who was looking at their lord with sparkling eyes and yelling with his loudest voice, Dean thought this. Boris was the youngest participant among the knights of the northern subjugation this time. And he did remarkably well in the battle with the barbarians.

Although Captain Elliot wasn’t big on emotional expression, he looked satisfied at his son’s growth. And Boris’ expression was full of pride that he was participating in an important mission as a knight of the family.

Dean predicted that it wouldn’t be easy for Boris to recover from the shock of the first battle, but Boris beat that prediction. The reason for that was because their lord had changed.

During the battle with the barbarians, the lord mainly commanded them. He didn’t take just the elite knights and slaughter the barbarians indiscriminately as before. The knights who guarded the border were inducted into the ranks and participated in the war as well.

He gathered the knights, made strategies and utilized various methods of operation. The knights fighting the barbarians under the direct command of the Duke, entered battle with firm resolves, and enjoyed their proud achievements.

‘If it’s not just a temporary change...’

Dean looked at Boris, who was busily running around here and there.

‘The darkness that only the elite knights were privy to, will now disappear. Boris will be the beginning of a new generation of elite.’

Hugo proceed with the barbarian subjugation differently from the way he had done it before. The purpose was not to adequately reduce the numbers by tens of thousands, but to scatter the tribes that were beginning to gather together, reduce their forces and alienate them. He mobilized as many knights as possible and carried out various strategies. He didn’t leave any room for later troubles and dealt with it quickly. He had made his goal of returning home, his top priority.

And unlike before, Hugo didn’t feel any inclination to kill barbarians, even when they were in sight. Compared to his desire to hold his wife, the desire for slaughter and spilling blood was merely annoying.

The villages near the border were always exposed to the threats of barbarian looting, so they were very cooperative. The reason why the villagers didn’t leave their villages despite the risk, was because of their stubborn attachment to their hometowns.

By the time all the elderly people were dead and gone, the ones who left the village when they were young grew old and came back home. Like that, they stubbornly maintained the village’s existence.

In a remote village, there was always an abandoned empty house. Among those, he picked a somewhat sturdy house, roughly cleaned it up and made it their headquarters. In the first place, Hugo wasn’t the type to care for showy displays, so it was only a matter of tidying up the dust and preparing a wide desk for meetings.

While Hugo was reading a detailed report that came from various quarters, a knight came in.

“My lord, the village doctor is asking to see you.”

“Why.”

“He said you would know the name ‘Philip’.”

Hugo lifted his head. And he gave a forced laugh. He had thought the man was wandering around from place to place but had no idea that he was coincidentally staying here. Philip wasn’t a face that he really wanted to see, so he considered whether he should see him or not, then decided that there was no reason to avoid him.

“Let him in.”

Sometime after, the knight brought Philip in. Hugo sent the knight out. He silently watched the shabbily dressed Philip as Philip respectfully bowed his waist.

“What do you want?”

“Knowing you were nearby, I couldn’t help but come to pay my respects.”

“No need for that. There’s nothing good in seeing each other’s face so just act like you don’t know me. If that’s all, get lost.”

Philip studied Hugo carefully.

Hugo knit his brows, showing his displeasure. The only person who stared at his face so openly and directly was this old man.

“Should I ask them to drag you out?”

“You’ve changed.”

“...What?”

“The way you look at me is different from before. Before, you exuded bloodthirst like you were about to go for the kill.”

Hugo had never once felt good listening to the old man’s bullshit. But this time, when he heard his words, he thought, ‘Is that so?’. It was true that when looking at the old man now, he didn’t feel as twisted inside and nauseated as before.

Philip was a trace of all of Hugo’s nightmares. He was a medium, a reminder that he was a disgusting and terrible monster. But now, he wasn’t that terrible.

“You mustn’t change. As the true owner of the north, you have to be calm and cold hearted. Young master is the true Taran bloodline...”

Hugo lowered his gaze to the report he was reading with a sigh. As expected, the old man only spoke nonsense whenever he opened his mouth.

“Get out.”

“...Is the Madam well?”

Hugo’s red eyes vividly deepened, turning blood red. His gaze turned murderous as he looked at Philip and fiercely bared his teeth.

“Don’t even put her in your dirty mouth. There’s no need for your concern.”

“It’s just my concern as a doctor about whether the Madam’s symptoms are still the same as before. If you still need the cure...”

“Don’t need it.”

Hugo called a knight and ordered him to drag Philip out. Holding onto the Knight’s hand, Philip continued to chatter.

“I’m planning on staying in this town for the time being. If by any chance, you need my help to treat the Madam, please call me.”

Hugo ignored him. Philip went out and left a last word.

“The day you look for me will come.”

Hugo snorted. Every time he met the old man, it never ended well. Next time, he definitely won’t see him.

“My lord. Urgent news!”

A knight entered in a haste. The small wooden container that the knight handed over, had a sign demarcating that it was news from the capital. [1]

As Hugo’s expression stiffened, he hurriedly took out the message and read it.

After reading the short message, Hugo slammed his fist on the desk and sprang to his feet. He immediately ordered the startled knight.

“Call Callis...Sir. Elliot. Right now!” [2]

Translator’s Corner:

[1] I have no clue what [나무통은] is. All I could find was wooden pail so I figured it’s a wood container...

[2] The knight he’s calling, his full name is Callis Elliot. I believe he’s the knight captain.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 104 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The founding party — > (4)

Three days had passed by. The outrageous events committed by the Mad Dog Krotin had quickly spread throughout the high society. The nobles flocked towards news of the completely unexpected and rare incident. When people were alone, they all talked about the same topic. While calling it a terrible incident with a concerned look on their face, they all enjoyed watching someone else's house on fire.

Roy was arrested for the crime of murder. The dispatched royal knights were worried about what to do if Roy refused to be arrested and ran away, but unexpectedly, he was obedient and let himself get tied up with a rope.

Princess Katherine's private break room became a crime scene and access to the room was thoroughly prevented, except for the parties concerned, and the investigation team, who went through the room numerous times.

Lucia had quickly returned home, without knowing the truth of the incident that day. The guards that were waiting for her outside the palace had gone into the party hall to request for her to return home first, and she couldn't refuse them. And after she returned home, she was once again examined by the doctor to check her physical condition, then she was stuck inside the ducal residence for the three whole days.

The ducal residence was under heavy emergency security measures that not even water could slip through. Before the Duke left the capital, the guard captain was entrusted with full authority during a state of emergency. The ducal residence was now in a state of thorough protection as if a war had taken place.

The palace had tried to call the Duchess in as a witness on multiple occasions, but the messenger didn’t even get to see the Duchess' face before returning.

"The Duchess cannot go alone to the palace over such an unsavory incident while the Duke is absent."

After receiving the firm refusal from the guard captain, the King was somewhat displeased. But he had no other choice. To bring in the Duchess, they would have to fight the knights protecting the ducal residence, and that would mean a war with the Duke of Taran. Kwiz had no intention of ever becoming enemies with the Taran family.

Once Fabian found out that an incident had occurred, he immediately sent an urgent message to the Duke. And afterwards, every time he got new information, he would sent additional messages. He made sure that by the time the Duke had arrived at the capital, he would be fully up to date with what Fabian had found out.

Currently, the Taran family Information Division was fiercely gathering information. They didn't hold back on spending money and made use of all the connections that they could mobilize.

And on the fourth day since the incident, Fabian came to the ducal residence. He came to give a report to the Madam on the situation that had developed in the meantime.

Fabian couldn't ignore the messages that Jerome kept sending about how the Madam couldn't eat properly or even sleep, and at this rate, it would become a huge problem. When he thought of it, it was huge blow to Roy, but when the lord returned, the Madam's health was more important than Roy's life.

Last night, Fabian got special consideration from the King and was able to meet Roy secretly, without anyone knowing.

In the dungeon, Roy looked relaxed as if the solitary prison cell was his vacation site. He lay stretched out on the floor, supporting his head with his arm, and as soon as he saw Fabian, he waved his hand.

"Yo. You came?" (Roy)

Fabian's blood pressure suddenly shot up and he grit his teeth.

"You crazy fucker! 'You came?' Yes! I came! What makes you so peaceful when you're making other people run around day and night, huh?" (Fabian)

"Should I cry then?" (Roy)

"Ugh…I shouldn't even have asked. I knew you would cause this kind of trouble one day. But, if you were going to do it anyways, at least do something that can be handled, damn you." (Fabian)

Fabian cursed Roy out to his heart's content, but Roy merely cleaned his ears out with a bored expression from behind the bars. Seeing this sight, Fabian got even more upset and had to pat down his chest.

From the day he was arrested till now, Roy had not said a single word about the incident. The reason why the King had sent in Fabian, was because he wanted Fabian to persuade Roy to release information about the facts of the incident, even if it was just a little bit.

Formally, Roy was imprisoned in the dungeons as a vicious criminal, but apart from that, he didn't receive any other rough treatment. There was no full-scale investigation yet, he was in one piece, eating the food served in the dungeon on schedule, and basically doing well.

"Speak. I have confirmed that there isn't anyone around listening." (Fabian)

Roy relayed the situation at the time to Fabian, just as he had seen it. It was Fabian's job to listen to the information, infer, and piece things together.

"Why did you kill David? If you had let him live at least, this situation wouldn't be so dark, you know." (Fabian)

"If I had spared his life, there would be trouble later. Since if I spare him, trouble, if I kill him, also trouble, then killing him is better." (Roy)

"Cruel bastard. Beast. It's terrible that a guy like you has walked freely under the sun till now. Bloody fucker." (Fabian)

Fabian was overwhelmed with anger again and after fuming, he continued to speak.

"Why did you kill the Countess in a place with so many witnesses? You could have easily escaped by yourself. Because of that, you put yourself between a rock and a hard place, and you've become a criminal caught in the act."

"That's why I am saying…"

"What?"

"Show me evidence I killed her then I'll believe I did. It has to look like I acted crazy by myself so that there's no connection to the Madam and the lord, no?"

The guy is a lunatic, but he's a bright lunatic, Fabian thought.

"There's no one with an intact sanity serving under my lord."

Fabian spat out, lamentingly.

"I thought I had to kill the woman before she opened her mouth. But wow. It's really amazing. That woman's face changed as soon as she died. How did that happen?"

Fabian groaned loudly then replied.

"A magical tool. A property of the Duke of Ramis House. Although now they claim that it was stolen from their ducal residence."

There were a lot of suspicious points about the late Countess of Falcon, so the royal family left Roy alone and concentrated on the Countess first.

She used a magical tool claimed to have been lost from the Duke of Ramis House, pretended to be a handmaid, used Katherine's breakroom unauthorized, and poisonous substances were discovered in the ring on her hand.

They couldn't get a confession since she was already dead, but they were unhesitatingly tearing through the Countess of Falcon's mansion and businesses.

"Do you know what your biggest sin is right now?" (Fabian)

"I killed someone."

"Right. I don't know about the others, but the problem of killing the Duke's heir is huge. Well, that's that. But why did you use your weapon when you killed the Countess? You secretly brought your weapon into the palace without getting permission. They can charge you with attempted assassination of the king."

Roy scratched his chin and said.

"…Just habitually…"

"…Just die."

END OF BOOK 6.

Translator's Corner:

Because this is a flash back, the author doesn't use " ", instead uses ' '. But I didn't want confusion with thoughts, so I used "". If you would prefer for me to italicize the conversation to show some difference, tell me.

This might be confusing but the raw is exactly this. 'Show me evidence I killed her and i'll believe'. I think he's being snarky because I mean, technically he didn't kill her. He killed a handmaid.

I would have translated this as 'I just habitually…' but the author used ?? to start both sentences. I think it shows Fabian's annoyance in picking the same word, so I wanted to keep that.

Note: Fabian curses…A TON in this chapter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 105 [part 1]

BOOK 7 BEGINS.

Hearing that Fabian had come to the residence, Lucia hurriedly came out of her bedroom. Her face was filled with worries and had become worn out in the span of a few days. Fabian and Lucia sat opposite to each other in the receiving room and Lucia urgently asked.

“Have you seen Sir. Krotin? Is he safe?”

‘Forget about safe, that guy is having such a blast. The punk has six lives, I’m telling you.’

“Yes. There is nothing wrong with him. The dungeon’s environment isn’t the best, but he is adapting decently.”

Lucia heaved a sigh of relief. When Princess Katherine named Roy as the murderer that day, Lucia was more relieved than surprised. Hearing that he was the assailant and not the victim, meant that Roy was safe, at least.

“What will happen to Sir. Krotin?”

Lucia didn’t know the specific details of the incident apart from the fact that Roy had killed David and the Countess of Falcon.

Later, she heard that the handmaid who had sprayed something strange on her face, was the Countess of Falcon who had changed her appearance with a magical tool. The maid whom she had gone into the break room with, did not come back with her. Lucia could only guess that something bad had happened to her.

There were six people’s death that were connected to Roy, but out of those, the death of the two women in the bathroom and the two knights, were only known to those involved in the investigation.

In particular, the two women were found poisoned, and the poison was discovered on the deceased Countess, so Roy had not yet been directly associated with the death of those two. The rumors spreading throughout the social circle was that Roy had killed both David and Anita.

“It is still being investigated.”

“If they conclude that Sir. Krotin committed murder, he will be sentenced to death. He killed none other than the eldest son of the Duke.”

“...That is correct, but-”

“I will go to the palace and bear witness. If I explain the situation at the time...”

“You cannot do that, Milady.”

Jerome and Fabian said at the same time.

“You have to understand why Sir. Krotin has kept his mouth shut this entire time without even pleading his case. If Milady steps forward, you will become an involved party in this incident.”

The death of the Duchess’ maid was not known publicly. Roy was the Duchess’ escort, but because he had been doing crazy things for a while now, people were surprised but they accepted it as possible.

Nobody linked the Duchess to this incident. In addition, Princess Katherine had testified that the Duchess was with her at the time of the incident. Thanks to that, Lucia was excluded from the case.

The Duchess staying inside the mansion, within the iron-clad security and not coming out at all, was in accordance with her nature as she didn’t like to socialize much, so there wasn’t anyone who thought it was weird.

Many of the noblewomen who had witnessed someone die in front of them that day, had fainted and had to be carried away. People understood that the vicious act of her own guard escort would have given the Duchess a huge shock.

Fabian judged that as long as Roy kept his mouth shut, no matter how thoroughly they investigated, it was impossible for them to implicate the Duchess because Roy had gotten rid of all the people involved.

‘He is a crazy dude, but the guy’s method really took care of everything neatly.’

In Fabian’s mind, Roy had gone to this extent, but if the Duchess had stepped forward and flipped everything over, the day that his lord returned, would be the day of his funeral.

‘I want to live long, Milady. I want to live very long.’

“Milady, I understand you’re frustrated, but please wait until the lord returns. I sent an urgent message and got a reply that he’s already on his way.”

“So I have to stay just like this? What do I do if Sir. Krotin is executed in the meantime? The Duke of Ramis will not stay still.”

“That sort of thing will never happen, so please relax your worries.”

The King held goodwill towards Roy. Roy had saved his life quite a few times when he was the Crown Prince. The King would definitely not start the investigation and would drag things out the time until the Duke of Taran returned.

Even for political benefit, the work planned for the future with the Duke of Taran, who was in the prime of his youth, was much longer than that of the Duke of Ramis, who was in his twilight years.

“To think a good man like Sir. Krotin was caught up in this kind of situation because he was trying to help me. There’s no way Sir. Krotin had planned to kill someone. Sir. Krotin must have judged that the Count of Ramis would hurt me and handled it excessively, causing this incident to happen.”

Lucia’s eyes reddened, and tears welled up in her eyes. She took the handkerchief that Jerome quickly handed to her from the side and dabbed her eyes.

Fabian smacked his lips with a weird expression. He was frustrated because he couldn’t say that that guy was actually nuts.

‘It seems that punk made a fairly good impression on the Madam.’

“The specific details will be released when my lord returns. Although Milady has roughly told me about the circumstances at the time, it is still difficult to judge the exact situation since Sir. Krotin has kept his mouth shut. I ask that you please wait in the meantime, even if it’s frustrating.”

“...Okay. It looks like there is nothing I can do.”

“The most important thing is for Milady to be alright.”

Fabian hurled curses upon curses at Roy, but a part of him thought that Roy did well. Imagining a situation where a group of those talkative noblewomen saw the Count of Ramis and the Duchess, together alone in an enclosed space, Fabian seriously broke out in cold sweat.

A scandal surrounding the Duchess would rock the high society, and it wouldn’t be a matter of merely dying once or twice in his lord’s hands when he returned. Roy had taken six lives and save another life.

* * *

Hugo entrusted Callis with full authority and immediately left for the capital. He changed horses at intervals and dashed at maximum speed without rest. It took him a whole five days to get to the gate because he was at initially the northernmost distant point from the gate.

Upon arriving at the capital’s gate, Hugo urged his horse again and raced to the mansion. Because of a horse galloping on the complex roads, carriages had to stop moving and streets became crowded. The knights following a distance behind the Duke had to sort things out so that it wouldn’t lead to a big accident.

The horse arrived just in front of the mansion and Hugo jumped down from the horse then quickly entered into the mansion. A servant ran to inform the butler that their master was back. By the time Jerome came out of his office in a haste, he was only able to see the back of his master, who was already on the second floor.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 105 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Negotiation — > (1)

Lucia had no motivation at all. She sat absentmindedly on the sofa in her bedroom. Jerome had kept on encouraging her to eat something, but she didn’t know how her food had tasted. Her mind was constantly replaying the situation of that day repeatedly.

Her unconscious maid collapsed on the floor, the woman who sprayed something on her face and the hatred and triumph that filled her face in the short moment their eyes met, the dizziness that followed when she woke up from her momentary unconsciousness, the Count of Ramis, Sir. Krotin who was grappling with Count Ramis, and Sir. Krotin’s voice telling her to leave.

‘So that woman was the Countess of Falcon.’

One could only wonder what she was planning to do, even going to the extent of using a magical tool to change her appearance. Fabian said that it was probably an attempt to make a scandal around the Duchess, but Lucia couldn’t understand. What about this would be helpful to the Countess for her to do such a thing?

Lucia couldn’t empathize with the ugly twistedness inside the human heart. Even though she had suffered through a lot of hardship in her dream, she had never blamed others and harbored intense burning hatred for them.

‘...She’s probably dead, isn’t she.’

They seemed careful to discuss the specific details about what had happened to her maid. Seeing as there was no news up till now, her maid was most likely dead. Maybe something went wrong in the time she had collapsed. Lucia was more curious about why the Countess did not hurt her.

Lucia closed her eyes which were heating up.

‘The poor girl died innocently.’

Lucia’s heart ached at her maid’s death. She did not favor a particular maid on purpose, but she liked that maid because she was simple and sincere. It may be due to her experience of working as a maid in her dream, but she couldn’t think of it as the death of only a servant. Her death was unfair and in vain. Her family wouldn’t even be able to complain anywhere.

Even if they were a servant, as long as they were affiliated with the Duke, there were the Duke’s people. Lucia should have protected her. Herself who was unable to do that seemed incompetent, she felt sorry and she didn’t know how to comfort the heartbroken family who have now lost their daughter or sister.

Suddenly, Lucia heard the sound of the door opening and opened her eyes with a start. Seeing the person entering into the room, Lucia quickly rose to her feet.

Looking at him approaching her, she thought she was running to him, but her body did not move. Before she even took a few steps, he quickly approached her and pulled her into his arms.

“Hugh...?”

She heard a soft sigh coming from the top of her head. She was wrapped in his familiar broad embrace, his arms holding her firmly and as she inhaled his scent that she had missed, her heart felt like it was bubbling over. If this was a dream, she didn’t want to wake up.

“Are you hurt anywhere?”

His vivid voice was not an illusion. Suddenly, Lucia’s legs went weak and he caught her as she staggered.

Hugo hugged his drained wife and sat down on the sofa. He leaned her against his body, wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her closer. He stroked her forehead with his other hand and kissed her eyes that were beginning to grow wet.

“Hugh, Sir. Krotin is...”

“I know. What about you? I heard you fainted. Did you see the doctor?”

“They said it was an anesthetic type thing that makes you unconscious for a short while. I’m fine. I’m not hurt either. But because of me, Sir. Krotin is...”

Hugo buried his wife head in his chest as she had began to cry, and gently patted her back. His uncontrollable anxiety that had followed him all the way as he raced back home had disappeared the moment that he confirmed her safety.

As soon as he was caught wind of the news of Roy’s brief incident in the capital, Hugo’s head was filled with thoughts of his wife.

When he received information about where the incident had occurred and about the people who had died, he grew more and more worried. It was an incident that occurred while she was being guarded. He didn’t know what mindset he had as he ran to the capital, thinking about what might have happen to her, the subject being guarded.

His wife was not mentioned in the message he received, but he was still troubled by all sorts of ominous thoughts and imaginations. He was filled with rage and ready to kill every single person involved if even her fingertips were hurt.

“Stop. Vivian. Don’t cry.”

“What do I do? Krotin...”[1]

“I’ll take care of it.”

Hugo caught her chin and wiped her tears with his hands. He kissed her salty lips, wet with tears.

“Your face looks thinner. Did you eat properly?”

“I am okay. I only got protected inside the mansion.”

“That’s only natural. I told you not to worry about anything and just eat well and live well, didn’t I?”

“But that was before this happened.”

“It’s all the same whenever. You have nothing to worry about.”

Lucia burst into light laughter. Strangely enough, hearing his words, it made it seem like there was really nothing to worry about and everything was going well, just like he said. It was as if she had been tense and unable to sleep for the past few days for no reason.

For the first time since the incident occurred, Lucia smiled.

“Your hand is cold. Your face is cold too.”

“It’s because I ran back on the horse. Is it too cold?”

“It’s refreshing so I like it. It’s like it’s clearing my head.”

Hugo looked at his wife, who was smiling at him, for a moment, then he cupped her cheeks with his hands and began to randomly plant kisses on her lips, nose, and eyes.

“Hugh...Hugh! What is it?”

“I’m checking.”

“Checking what?”

“I’m checking that you’re really in front of me. In the entirety of those few days I was heading to the capital, when I closed my eyes, you were there, but when I opened them, you disappeared.”

Even though Lucia asked him to stop already several times, Hugo acted like he didn’t hear and only released her after he had kissed her dozens of times all over.

“What happened to the thing with your vassal? You said it was important.”

“I left the matter to their discretion and came back. Something bigger happened here.”

Lucia sullenly crumpled up.

“I don’t know what to do. I can’t think of a way to help Sir. Krotin.”

“I said I’ll take care of it. I did say you should cause a bigger trouble for me to settle, and you really did a big one.”[2]

Lucia tilted her head for a moment, then remembering what he had said before, she cried out and hit his chest.

“Are you making such a joke right now?”

He snickered and swiftly gave her a quick peck on the lips.

“I’m saying it’s not that big of a deal. Don’t stew on it.”

“Do you really have a way?”

“I do. That guy will be safe, don’t worry.”

“I know Sir. Krotin is special to you. If Sir. Krotin is hurt, you will also be distressed. I don’t want to see you saddened.”

Hugo looked at her silently for a moment, then he chuckled, spreading his arms wide and hugged Lucia.

It was strange. He personally liked Roy but it wasn’t to the extent of giving it meaning, but because she kept saying that Roy was special to him, he felt the guy was really such an existence to him.

“I’m happy to see you again. Hugh, I missed you.”

Again, Hugo kissed his wife, who chose to only say beautiful words to him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Negotiation — > (2)

After sharing the joy of reuniting with her husband after a long time, Lucia leaned against his chest and fell asleep in his arms while they were making small talk. After the incident, she had suffered from insomnia that made her toss and turn till dawn, but after his return, all her tension was released.

When Hugo came down from the second floor after properly placing his sleeping wife in bed, Fabian had already arrived and was waiting for him.

“The situation isn’t looking very good.”

Fabian handed in his report. Hugo kept receiving information about the situation on the way back home, so he was roughly informed about it. The only disappointment was the fact that the bitch and the bastard were already dead.[1] If they were alive, he would have given them the worst agony they had ever experienced as a gift.

It had been a week since the incident happened. If Hugo was there when the incident occurred, he would have found any way possible to cover up the incident, but a lot of time had already passed.

The acts that Roy committed had already become an established fact, so it was too late to deal with the rumors. The death of the King’s brother-in-law, Count Ramis, was not a topic that people would easily lose interest in. Rather, people were keeping a close watch on how this case would be resolved. There were also people making half-baked guesses, wondering if it would turn into a war between the two dukes.

The reason why the situation had become so difficult was because it completely excluded the Duchess. Hugo did not want his wife to even be mentioned anywhere in this case at all.

Rumors in the social circle were a tag that followed you throughout your entire life. If they were to resolve the case by using evidence that David and Anita had conspired to harm the Duchess, the harm to his wife would be too big. People would trample her with all sorts of speculative remarks.

“Is there any way to get him out?”

“We have looked through several methods, but it is impossible.”

Roy did not explain the situation at the time nor did he plead his case. He did not give any reason to justify his crime. In order to explain the situation, Roy would have to mention the Duchess, so he could never open his mouth.

‘What to do...’

Hugo thought of the most extreme way. That is, putting a crime on David’s head instead. The only crime that could justify the killing of the Duke’s eldest son, was rebellion.

‘No. The king will not cooperate.’

The scale was too big. If they wanted to steer it towards rebellion, they only had to fabricate the evidence. It just so happens that there was a good prey for that. They would have no trouble packaging the youth’s organization funded by David as traitors wishing to overthrow the country.

However, David was the successor of the Duke of Ramis. David’s rebellion was the Ramis family’s rebellion and it wasn’t an issue that would end with David alone dying. The surrounding people would not be left alone.

Being at the height of his power, the Duke of Ramis had as many political enemies as he had allies. Those enemies wouldn’t let go of this opportunity and would tenaciously drag the Duke towards his ruin. And if that happened, the Queen and the princes would be tied into it. There was no end.

Currently, the Duke of Ramis was a victim. The Duke of Ramis was the king’s father-in-law and right-hand man. Kwiz would not stand aside and let the Duke of Ramis, who had lost his son, be wrongly accused of rebellion.

‘Is there no way to secretly take him out...?’

They could also approach this by assuming Roy’s release was impossible and stealing him away. This method would definitely make him become enemies with the Duke of Ramis. The king would not approve and eventually, he would be standing against the king.

Hugo was not afraid to fight the king. He had more than enough strength hidden in the north.

However, war needed justification. In order to inspire the morale of those participating in the war, you must provide justification for them to fight. That way, they would be willing to bravely fight for the Taran family.

If a war was started to save one of the knights of the Duke that had committed a vicious murder, even if the soldiers externally pretended to follow, they would not be able to accept it, therefore it would definitely end in failure.

Even if he chose to stay in the north and not step foot in the capital at all, Kwiz would not quietly turn a blind eye. It was not Kwiz’s nature to leave an enemy behind his back. His nature was to remove any element that could become unstable by all means.

Hugo could always keep himself safe regardless, but his wife was weak. She couldn’t live a life forever anxious that something might squeeze into any gap in their defenses. He couldn’t do that to his wife.

In order to save Roy, he needed the king’s cooperation. Hugo folded his arms, sat back, and fell into deep thought.

Fabian stood, waiting for his lord’s decision with bated breath. Fabian was curious as to how the Duke would resolve this incident.

No matter how hard he thought about it, there was no choice but to suffer a loss by abandoning Roy. If they could settle this incident by abandoning a knight who murdered a Duke’s heir, it was a profitable trade.

The office was silent with a strange sense of tension in the air.

“I will go to the palace. Go and inform His Majesty that I am seeking an private audience.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Fabian first left for the palace and after a while, Hugo also headed to the palace.

* * *

Hugo secretly entered the palace, unseen by others. The fact that the Duke of Taran was back, would soon be known through the mouths of gossipers anyway, but it was better to handle everything quietly if possible.

“Hoho. Did you fly here, Gong? I heard you were at the border not too long ago.”

Kwiz said cheerfully as soon as he saw Hugo. Not being too serious in everything was a mask that Kwiz used. If he displayed a similar attitude regardless of what happened, it would be hard to read his intentions.

“As soon as I returned, I was met with a rather unsavory incident.” (Hugo)

“What are you going to do?” (Kwiz)

Without wasting time, Kwiz brought up the main subject. The situation was at its peak and there was no room left for counter measures. Just the fact that Kwiz did not touch Roy who was locked up in the dungeon so far, showed enough good faith. The Queen was a bundle of tears while his father-in-law visited everyday and expressed his sadness.

After investigating the circumstances, there were a lot of suspicious parts in the situation. Why did the Countess of Falcon have a magical tool owned by the ducal house of Ramis? Why did she led the noblewomen to Katherine’s breakroom? Even if they assumed that the Countess killed the princess’ handmaid in order to steal her clothes, why did she kill the Duchess’ handmaid afterwards? There were a lot of doubtful areas.

There was strong suspicion that the Countess was in some sort of agreement with David, but there was no real evidence. It was also unclear as to what exactly she was planning to do. Even after shaking out the Countess’ house and businesses, nothing came out. David often dropped by her bar but that was not a crime.

The Duke of Ramis claimed that the family’s magical tool was stolen and thoroughly denied any connection with the Countess.

He insisted that David, who had been down at the fiefdom, received special consideration from him, his father, to spend time at home for the founding day, so he came to the capital and purely entered the palace in order to attend the party.

Roy killed all the people involved, and the only party concerned, Roy, was keeping his mouth shut. There was no evidence to refute the claims of the Duke of Ramis. Therefore, David was murdered unfairly, and Roy was a vicious murderer.

“I heard the situation is not looking very good.” (Hugo)

“It is not good indeed. Sir. Krotin has to say something in order for us to piece the puzzle together. Even that is already too late. At this point, it is hard to turn things around no matter what he says. But seeing as Duke Ramis is not steering David’s death as a deliberate conspiracy of Duke Taran’s, one can see that he is holding back a lot. My father-in-law’s request is simple. He wants Sir. Krotin to be executed according to the law. With that, he will let things go. Rather, this King is surprised because he was very cool-headed in the face of his son’s death.” (Kwiz)

“...”

“Releasing Sir. Krotin is difficult. There’s also an issue with the fact that Sir. Krotin had a sword in the palace. If we handle the death of his eldest son in a passable manner, my father-in-law will make an issue out of it. If they claim that his purpose was to assassinate this king and they gather public opinion, it will lead to a political controversy and the Taran family will also be caught up in it. This king doesn’t want things to develop that way.”

The king’s anti-opposing forces were still holding their breaths. Right now, when they hadn’t properly sorted them out, if the king’s two greatest strengths were to fight each other, it would be exposing a gap to them. Since that situation would turn into a mud fight, Kwiz would choose to execute Roy.

“Why in the world is Sir. Krotin like that? The incident aside, I’m just so curious, I can’t sleep.” (Kwiz)

“Can I see him?” (Hugo)

Translator’s Corner.

[1] David & Anita

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 106 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Negotiation — > (2)

The solitary cell of the castle dungeon was designed with a dual structure. When you entered through the stone gates, there was a room made of stone walls and a wall built with bars to confine the prisoner to another room. Even if the prisoner was able to somehow get out from behind the bars, they would have to deal with the knights guarding the stone gates outside. It was a prison made for holding dangerous criminals.

Although Roy was indeed a dangerous character, the reason why Kwiz put him in the solitary cell was to prevent people from having access to him. There was a possibility of Duke Ramis trying to assassinate the prisoner in order to get revenge.

Roy was lying on the stone floor, using his arm as a pillow, and when he saw the man coming through the stone gate, he rose to his feet. The stone gate closed, leaving only the two of them inside.

“Are you hurt anywhere?” (Hugo)

“I am fine.” (Roy)

Roy bashfully scratched his head. He didn’t expect his lord’s first question to be asking about his well-being.

“I heard you told Fabian about the situation at the time. Is there anything you haven’t said?”

“No, there isn’t. You really came fast, my lord. I thought you would take longer.”

Perhaps that Roy thought he might die before his lord came back.

“Will I die?”

Roy calmly asked, as if he wasn’t talking about himself. He knew that killing David would not be an ordinary issue. When he broke the bastard’s neck, he was already prepared to die.

Killing Anita was not his initial intention. But as soon as he saw the handmaid entering the break room, he decided to kill her.

Roy’s decision was the right one. If Anita was left alive and caught, she would have slandered the Duchess with all sorts of lies. Lucia would then be inevitably tied in as one of the parties involved and would have been at the center of all kinds of speculation and rumors.

Hugo frowned.

“You won’t die.”

Hugo thought for a moment before saying.

“If you want to keep your neck, you have to throw away your honor. Is your honor more important than your life?”

“Honor?”

Roy grinned.

“I’ve never had such a thing.”[1]

Hugo chuckled.

“Then that’s fine. Hang in there a little longer.”

Hugo looked at Roy for a moment, then he threw out a brief sentence.

“You did well.”

Roy laughed playfully and called out, stopping Hugo who was turning around.

“With this, have I repaid your favor?”[2]

A ray of light flashed through Hugo’s eyes.

“You...”

Looking at Roy who was grinning widely, Hugo gave a faint smile.

“You’ll be owing me your life again, so it is far from repaid.” (Hugo)

“Wha— Wow, how did I end up like this? I should have run away when I realized you were a swindler.” (Roy)[3]

Hugo left the solitary cell, listening to Roy’s lamentful mutterings behind him. And when he got out of the dungeon, he called Fabian and secretly ordered him.

“Find a prisoner on death row. One with a similar physique and hair color to Roy. The physique has the first priority.”

Fabian’s eyes shone brightly. He bowed his head in reply and moved quickly. Hugo looked at the Fabian’s receding back in the distance, then he turned his gaze to the Inner Palace that was some distance away. Now, it was time to negotiate with the king.

* * *

Katherine dropped by the Queen’s palace.

“How is Her Royal Highness doing?”

“Her Highness is lying in bed. She cannot even eat at all.”

The handmaid replied with a cloudy look on her face. Katherine gave a small sigh before entering the queen’s bedroom.

Beth was greatly shocked by the terrible death of her younger brother and had been bedridden for several days. The palace people were afraid that something might go wrong with the fetus during the mourning period, so they were diligently running up and down.

“You have to recover your strength. You are expecting a child.”

Katherine took Beth’s hand and comforted her. Beth looked spiritless as she gave a weak smile.

“I didn’t do much for my brother. I only said objectionable words every time we met.”

Beth didn’t know that her younger brother would leave so suddenly. He wasn’t a brother that she wasn’t entirely satisfied with, but he was still her only blood brother. She nagged at him every time they met because she wanted him to turn out well. After her brother died, she was only filled with regret that she didn’t ever tell him that he did well, at least once.

Her father was someone who held the family as more important than his son, and her husband didn’t seem to care very much about his brother-in-law’s death. There was no one that was sincerely hurt about her brother’s death, so Beth was even more heartbroken.

“Sir. Krotin is someone that I’m also well-acquainted with. I know he has saved His Majesty’s life many times too. But why then, would he do this? Why would he do that to my brother?” (Beth)

“The truth will be revealed. There will be conclusion, some way or another. His Majesty is also very worried because Your Royal Highness has been so down.” (Katherine)

As Katherine comforted Beth, she recalled the night of the incident. When she heard that the King was urgently looking for her, Katherine had hurried to the Inner Palace. On her way to see the king, she happened to meet Kwiz, who was about to go to a meeting, in the hallway.

“The party is still going on, what are you doing here?”

As soon as Katherine heard the king’s words, she thought something was strange.

“You seem to be busy, Your Majesty. It is not an urgent matter, so I will tell you later.”

She angrily promised to track down whoever dared to forge a royal command and make them pay dearly for their sins. And after returning to the party venue, the incident happened right away.

Katherine testified that she came back from the Inner Palace and had been with the Duchess during the time that she was absent from the party. That is to say that the Duchess was never alone by herself during the party.

‘Falcon. I knew that poisonous bitch would do something one day. You dare to turn my break room into such a sight?’

Katherine did not know the real truth of the incident. It was handled with secrecy and her elder brother refused to tell her the specific details. However, there was some parts of it that Katherine could guess.

There was no doubt that Countess of Falcon tried to do something bad to the Duchess and things fell through.

‘That foolish wench must have had lingering feelings for the Duke of Taran. Doesn’t even know her place.’

She could sense the feeling of a woman who had once like the Duke of Taran alone. Although she was dead, Katherine didn’t want Anita’s little schemes to result in anything, so she had actively pulled the Duchess out of the picture. Due to this, it was not known that Anita had impersonated the royal command and sent Katherine to the Inner Palace.

If Kwiz knew this, the investigation of the incident would have proceeded in a slightly different direction. The only people that used the private break room were Princess Katherine and the Duchess of Taran. With this information, they could come to the conclusion that since Katherine was sent away, the person being conspired against was the Duchess of Taran. However, since that possibility was blocked, the case had fallen into a fog.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] He says he has never had such a shell. A shell meaning an outward covering/appearance.

[2] In Chapter 99.2 backstory, Hugo saved Roy when they were young, and Roy promises to repay the favor. That’s what this is referring to. Hugo thought that Roy didn’t remember what happened when they were young, but this proves otherwise.

[3] Also refers to 99.2.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 107 [part 1]

Negotiations with the king were easy.

Kwiz usually wasn’t pleased with his brother-in-law whose temperament was different from his father-in-law, and he was personally fond of Roy. In light of his experience of being guarded by Roy for over a year, he believed that Roy was not a brute that would kill people for no reason.

So when Hugo said that he would help with the chronic financial deficit, Kwiz gladly took the bait.

“But did Sir. Krotin say that he would do it? You people really...”

To nobles, honor was more important than their life. Knights were also the same. They couldn’t even conceive the idea of saving their life by abandoning their honor. Kwiz couldn’t understand both Roy, who agreed to such a thing and Hugo, who suggested such a plan.

Roy, who would recover fine even if he stepped in filthy dog shit. Kwiz, who could throw away his life for honor, like it was a worthless thing. They both stood at two extremes. Understanding each other would never be possible.

“There is one condition. It’s not enough with only this king agreeing to it. If my father-in-law agrees, then this king will also agree. As for persuading my father-in-law, I’ll leave that to Gong.”

“I understand. I have a condition too. Please turn a blind eye towards the truth of this incident.”

The dead could not speak, the less mouths that knew, the more secrets could be kept. Hugo was not troubled at all by the amount of effort he had to put in to completely detach his wife from this incident. He wanted to protect her like a flower cultivated in a greenhouse. He didn’t want her to have even a small scratch.

His wife was the Duchess and the Lady of the Taran House, whose every action and conduct drew people’s attention. As long as you were famous in the social circles, rumors that followed after your name were endless. It was something you had put up with unless it was a fatal scandal, but Hugo planned to thoroughly block any reason for his wife to receive public rebuke and be gossiped about due to an unsavory incident.

“Hm? Then you mean this king won’t know why Sir. Krotin did such a thing?”

Hugo ignored Kwiz’s grumbling that he was so curious that he couldn’t sleep.

“I will talk to Ramis Gong and inform Your Majesty of the outcome.”

* * *

Hugo promptly met with the Duke of Ramis that evening. The two sat opposite each other in an exclusive aristocrat club in the city. After exchanging brief greetings, Hugo immediately proceeded to the main subject.

He handed the three documents that he brought with him to the Duke of Ramis.

“The first document contains information about the day of the incident according to the testimony of my knight who is currently imprisoned. You will be able to know why your son became like that.”[1]

Hugo judged that he could not use money to negotiate with the Duke of Ramis. He was not someone that would exchange his son’s life for money.

He watched as the Duke of Ramis’ face darkened and clouded over as he read the document.

The Duke of Ramis thought that there was something off about David’s death, but he could not had guess that it was connected to the Duchess at all.

It’s not like he could ask his dead son, so he could not figure out what his son was trying to do in the princess’ break room or why he gave the magical tool to the Countess and could only wake up from restless sleeps and pound his chest in frustration.

Based on Roy’s testimony, the documents presented a number of circumstantial evidences to support it, with a recorded trail of David and Anita’s continuous meetings, information gotten from the people planted in the bar, and a track record of David making passes at the Duchess and so on and so forth.

‘That foolish boy. How could he...’

Sadly, the Duke of Ramis could not defend his son and say that his son would never do such a thing. He didn’t think that they had made up false evidence with the intention of slandering his son, instead he thought that this sort of thing was definitely something his son could do.

When he realized that, the Duke of Ramis felt deeply ashamed that he had raised his son wrong. The years he had lived so far, suddenly seemed in vain.

However, the Duke of Ramis was an experienced politician. He would never reveal his thoughts on the surface.

“I won’t say that the contents of this are fabrications. I admit my son’s mistakes. But I do not think it is enough to warrant for a Duke’s heir to suffer such a miserable death and be gossiped about by everyone.”

The corner of Hugo’s lips went up slightly.

‘Mistake? You should thank your ancestors instead, that your son died so unexpectedly. If that bastard was alive, I would have cut off all his limbs and turned him into pig feed.’

If he could not kill the bastard for practical reasons and as time passed, the bastard had actually succeeded the title of Duke, Hugo would have used all of his power to destroy the Ramis family. It was right to look at it as the death of that guy right now, was actually the guidance of their ancestors, looking over the future of the Ramis family from the sky.

“Please, read the next document. I wonder if that could also be called a mistake.”

The next document contained information about the youth association that was constantly being monitored. It had evidence that David was responsible for the funding of the youth association and results from the investigation of how dangerous the individuals that were leading the youth association were.

Of course, the youth association was still only a small organization and the chief executives were only just beginning to wriggle out from the shadows.

The numerous pieces of plausible evidence that made them out to be extremely dangerous elements, was the work of the Taran Duke’s Information Division.

To verify the authenticity of the document, one would have to spend a lot of time and effort. To the eyes of those looking at the document right now, they could only see it as the truth.

The contents detailed that the Taran family were suspicious of a dangerous organization and as they investigated, an enormous root was gradually revealed and when they dug even more, they discovered that David was the key figure funding the organization.

As he was reading the document, the Duke of Ramis’ eyes shook tremendously. The Duke of Ramis also knew of the New Nation Youth Association[2]. He had believed his son when he said that he had washed his hands off them, but had no idea that his son was avoiding his eyes and funding them instead.

‘This scoundrel is determined to destroy our family.’

Disappointment and anger towards his son surged inside the Duke of Ramis. The family that he had protected and cultivated his entire life was more important to the Duke than his own life, let alone his son’s life.

For the Duke, his family was the most important thing. The reason why he could be so level-headed about his son’s death was because his son was pushed back that much on the Duke’s list of priorities.

There was another son to continue the family. There was no issue of the succession being broken off. What the Duke of Ramis was concerned about, was that his son’s death would damage the family’s honor.*

“I’m sure you can predict how His Majesty will react if he were to be shown the contents of that document.” (Hugo)

The Duke of Ramis heavily closed his eyes.

The King had a heartless side to him. He would never save anyone that he had deemed to be an enemy. He killed many of his brothers, defended his position as the Crown Prince, eventually, he ascended to the throne and would not hesitate to spill blood to keep the throne.

If the King learnt of the contents of the document, even if he ignored it right now, he would continue to have doubts in his heart. He needed the Duke of Ramis’ power right now, so he would leave it alone, but someday, when the power of his royal-in-laws became burdensome, the doubts in his heart would become distrust and he would strike at the Duke.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Re: You’ll be know why your son ended up dead.

[2] As I mentioned before, the issue here is ‘New Nation’. The word used here represents the ideology of a better, divine nation. It is usually connected to the idea of overthrowing the current reign for a better one aka rebellion.

* Damn. And they call Hugo cold-hearted.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 107 [part 2] - < — Negotiation — > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Negotiation — > (3)

The Duke of Ramis opened the final document, fearing what the outcome might be this time. But then, he knit his brows and turned the page. The document contained information regarding his son’s sexual preferences, something that he had never wanted to know.

During this time, the Taran Duke’s Information Division had continued to search the red-light district for anything scoop-worthy that had to do with David. If David had a thing for abusing women, it would grow more and more extreme and they expected it to lead to an accident. During the investigation, they discovered that David had strangled a prostitute to death.

“That final document is my last resort.”

The Duke of Ramis frowned. The information in the final document had the most insignificant value among the negotiating tools that the Duke of Taran had brought today. He could not understand what the Duke of Taran wanted to use these things for, when his son was already dead. Dirty laundry such as the death of a few prostitutes, was a messy topic for nobles to talk about in rumors. Nobles liked rumors, but they were silent about rumors that hurt their reputation.

“The place where the incident happened, was Princess’ Katherine’s break room. As Gong knows as well, His Majesty has strictly forbidden referring to the scene of the incident as the princess’ break room.”

The King’s action proved to be effective and the public referred to the case as an incident that had happened within the palace. There were a lot more people that did not know that the incident had occurred in Princess Katherine’s break room. The king blocked the possibility of his sister being involved in this incident. It was similar to what Hugo had done.

“In the event of today’s negotiations breaking down, I will take that document to His Majesty. And I will inform him that two rumors will soon spread in the social circle, about Count Ramis’ ugly sexual preferences and that Count Ramis harbored lecherous feelings towards Princess Katherine. The princess’ break room happens to be the perfect place. I will ask His Majesty to choose between Ramis Gong and his sister.” (Hugo)(1)

“Are you saying that you dare...to threaten His Majesty?” (Duke Ramis)

“I’m saying that presently, there is nothing I won’t do.” (Hugo)

The Duke of Ramis’ hand holding the document trembled. After a long stretch of silence, the Duke of Ramis opened his mouth, looking very exhausted.

“What are you playing at.”

“I have to save my sacrificed knight to protect my wife’ honor.”

“Impossible!”

The Duke of Ramis responded fiercely before Hugo finished speaking.

“Listen till the end. I will protect the Count of Ramis’ honor.”

‘While you are alive.’

Hugo added inwardly. He wanted to quickly resolve this incident, and have it disappear from people’s memories. He planned to put Roy away, where eyes couldn’t reach him, only until the Duke of Ramis was dead, and around when the incident became faint in people’s memories, then they could use the excuse that Roy was unjustly executed when the real culprit was someone else and quietly reinstate him.

To do that, he would have to re-negotiate with the king and the new Duke Ramis, but that would not be difficult.

Hugo spoke briefly about his plan to switch Roy with someone on death row. The Duke of Ramis looked at Hugo with a strange gaze, almost like that the one Kwiz had given. It was an expression that said, ‘How did you come up with such an idea?’

For the Duke of Ramis, his family’s honor was the most important thing to him. He had no energy to fight against the Duke of Taran. He had already grown too old. He was an old man that preferred to compromise rather than smacking heads.

Unless it wasn’t an unjust situation where his son died an innocent death, he could close his eyes to his son’s death if his honor could be protected.

“In addition, not even His Majesty knows that my wife is involved in this incident. I have only revealed this truth to Gong in order to get your cooperation. I do not want this to be spread outside for whatsoever reason. Gong will take this to your grave.” (Hugo)

“...Alright. In return, please discard all the information you have about this youth association. And as for the youth association, I will deal with it myself.” (Duke Ramis)

“Sounds good.” (Hugo)

The negotiations had reached an agreement. Hugo took back one of the three documents, the one containing information regarding the truth of the incident involving his wife.

“Why are you going to this extent?”

“Just like Ramis Gong wants to protect your family, I want to protect my wife.”

Because it seemed like he was saying ‘you want to protect your superficially good-looking family, I want to protect my people’, the Duke of Ramis blankly gazed at Hugo. But there was no trace of ridicule in those cold red eyes.

The Duke of Ramis was amazed every time he saw Hugo. He was the owner of the vast land called the North and as the Duke of Taran, he was very forthright. He didn’t bother himself with petty tricks and always confidently did what he wanted to do. People were not displeased with him and accepted it ‘because he is the Duke of Taran’.

It was a great talent as a politician to not cause jealousy in another’s heart. And that was why whenever he saw his son who was the same age as the Duke of Taran, he always felt that his son fell short.

‘It’s my virtue that fell short. Who can I blame?’

Rather than blaming his son’s shortcomings, he should have guided his son’s good points and covered him magnanimously. The Duke of Ramis deeply felt his shortcomings as a father, and as the lord of a family.

* * *

While the secret deal between the Duke of Taran and the Duke of Ramis took place, the King pretended not to know, and the situation flowed like a stream of water.

Fabian search the entire nation and found a reasonable stand-in among the prisoners on death row. While being interrogated for his crimes, the man was beaten a lot so he was in a bad shape, but that made it even more believable. After all, if the knight who killed the Duke’s eldest son was in a good shape at his execution, people would think it was strange.

The King passed down a brief statement. There was no detailed information about the truths of the case, just that Sir. Krotin had admitted his crimes and was to be executed. Since it was a case involving such a high ranked person, even though people did not know the specifics, they would only speculate amongst themselves.

Roy came out of the dungeon, wearing a sack-like hood and after walking while bound in ropes, he was substituted in the middle. The one heading to execution was the death row prisoner imitating Roy.

The carriage carrying Roy did not even have windows and ran straight to the gate.(2) He had to leave the capital as soon as possible without being seen by anyone. Hugo had already used his influence to make it so that Roy could pass through the gate without going through the identification process.

Lucia was still impatiently pacing up and down the receiving room. Publicly, it was time for Roy to be executed.

Hugo went to the palace and was officially meeting with the King and the Duke of Ramis. It was a formality to show that the two close forces of the King had no animosity with each other.

‘Has he gone through the gate safely?’

Lucia felt regretful for not being able to give Roy her last farewells, but she could not take the risk of bringing a felon, who was known to be publicly executed, into the ducal residence.

When the door to the receiving room opened and Jerome came in, Lucia stopped her pacing around and lifted her head. Fabian was following right behind him and entered the room.

“Sir. Krotin...?” (Lucia)

“He left safely.”

Lucia heaved a huge sigh of relief.

“I feel so sorry, I don’t know what to do. Because of me, Sir. Krotin lost his honor as a knight and left for the north like he was being chased away.”

Hugo sent Roy to the northern border. It was region where Roy used to delightfully stir up trouble. Meanwhile, Roy had cheerfully asked if he could kill all of them because his body had been growing itchy for a while.

Fabian could not sympathize with the Madam’s sadness in the slightest, but when he thought that he would not see the guy for a long time, he had mixed feelings.

“Did you tell him that I was thankful and sorry, and that he should stay healthy?”

“Yes, I told him. But Sir. Krotin said that there was something he wanted to ask Milady...”

“What is it?”

That crazy bastard. Swallowing those words inside, Fabian said:

“He asked if Milady remembers all the noblewomen you meet at a party. Apparently, he was curious about that.”

Roy said that with a very serious look on his face and asked Fabian to get the answer and let him know when he came to the north later. Fabian really could not understand that guy’s state of mind.

Lucia burst into laughter.

“There’s no way that’s possible. I only act like I do.”

“...Yes, I’ll tell him that later.”

Fabian replied with a sour look on his face, and Lucia laughed again.

‘He’s really a good person. He’s being considerate of me till the end so that I won’t feel sorry.’

Lucia’s misunderstanding was growing bigger. And there was no one to correct it.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] If you couldn’t understand...well, he will make it seem like David was trying to do a lil something with Princess Katherine in her break room.

[2] Reminder: a [gate] is a magical device. I think a portal is the best way to describe it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Negotiation — > (4)

“I am ashamed to face you.”

Hugo asked his wife for forgiveness after dealing with everything. The terrible things that happened to her, and the even more horrifying things that could have happened, that he didn’t even want to think about, the ringleader of the incident, they were all related to him.

The Count of Ramis and the Countess of Falcon, who were believed to have conspired together. Hugo didn’t know exactly how the two of them had hit it off, but he knew that the two of them held ill feelings towards him. But because they couldn’t dare to touch him, they targeted his wife.

Especially since the Countess of Falcon was involved, he really could not lift his head in front of his wife. It was an act committed by his ex-lover. It was the result of insufficient settlement and inability to deal with things neatly.

“You must have been disappointed with me.”

Lucia wanted to comfort her husband, who has a bitter look on his face. She did not think that this incident was his fault. It was just an unexpected connection, like walking along the streets and unintentionally bumping into people and an accident happened.[1]

“I am not disappointed, Hugh. I won’t be disappointed in you with just this.”

“...”

Hugo took her hand, which was covering the back of his hand in an attempt to comfort him and kissed the back of her hand.

“I’m sorry.”

“It is not your fault.”

“You went through something you shouldn’t have experienced.”

“If it is something I have to go through because I am married to you, I can handle it.”

“...You really.”

Hugo was touched by her brightly shining clear heart and wondered if he was really qualified to be with her.

“I don’t want you to feel sorry towards me due to this incident, but I have something to request.”

“What is it?”

Hugo wanted to give her whatever she wanted, even if it was the whole world.

“I want to give the remaining family of my late maid enough compensation. My heart hurts because I was unable to protect her.”

“If compensation will make you feel at ease then I will do so. But there is no reason for you to protect your servants. They are hired to protect you.”

“You are right. Their work is to protect me. And at the same time, I think I should protect them. Sir. Krotin protect me, and you protected Sir. Krotin in my place, didn’t you?”

Hugo thought that employees such as servants, were tools of convenience. He couldn’t fully understand what she meant by comparing them with Roy but he roughly understood what she was trying to say.

“They have thoughts and feelings too. They are sad and distressed when they lose their family. The maid’s remaining family will resent whoever killed their daughter or sister. Even they resent, there is nothing they can do. But there is no one who wants someone they don’t even know to hate them and resent them.”

Hugo also didn’t find a situation where the rest of the maid’s family resented and hated his wife, pleasing.

“Will they have no resentment if they are compensated?”

“How can money replace someone’s life? Instead, if they are given heartfelt consolation and sufficient compensation, they will be comforted. When someone is comforted, they will be able to stitch up their wound soon. That is why, Hugh. Give them sincere compensation. Tell them that their late daughter or sister did not die in vain but met with an accident while undergoing an important task, that we are sorry to lose an excellent talent, and that we offer our condolences with enough compensation. If I could, I would like to personally meet the rest of her family but...”

“That can’t happen.”

“Yes, I know. That is why you will go in my place and be considerate of them.”

“...Alright.”

* * *

The unprecedented event, that is, the murder of the Duke’s heir in the palace, came to an end with the execution of Knight Krotin. People whispered amongst themselves that many parts about the case were lacking, but that was all.

The King declared the end of the case, and the parties concerned, the two Dukes, Taran and Ramis, were silent. People were now looking for something new to talk about and were turning their attention away.

Now, all that was left was to wrap things up. Hugo called Fabian and ordered for the remaining things to be dealt with. In particular, he roughly took care of the things that were to be paid as a price to the King and handed the documents over to Fabian.

As Fabian roughly skimmed over the contents on the spot, his face paled and he trembled. He felt a lump in his throat and only after swallowing once was he able to ask the Duke:

“Your Grace, really...all of this...?”

The things on the document reached about 10% of the Taran family’s assets that were revealed. More than 90% of the Taran family’s assets were hidden and remained unrevealed. Argumentatively, it was not such a big part, but for Fabian, whose liver shrunk in the face of money, it was too much to bear. That crazy bastard’s life is so expensive! Fabian was dazed.

“If you can buy a life with money, the price paid is cheap.” (Hugo)

‘It is just as you say. I know. But even if I know, it is still too generous. Hoh. The King is also very shameless. What does he think he even did, to take so much?’ (Fabian)

Even though it wasn’t even his money, Fabian seemed like he was burning with regret inside.

‘I knew from the moment he gave the mine away as the Madam’s dowry. Is it because master spends money so senselessly that to balance it out, we have a frugal Lady of the House?’

Without any change in expression, Fabian continued to grumble inside.

“How do we usually compensate for the death of a maid?” (Hugo)

“We hand the body over to the family, settle any unpaid salaries, pay for funeral expenses as well as some compensation.” (Fabian)

“How much is the compensation?” (Hug)

“It is the equivalent of five years of that individual’s annual salary that they have customarily received.” (Fabian)

When a noble killed a commoner, they were not innocent under the law, but once they compensated with money, the case was practically over. With the exception of the capital city which had many nobles gathered in it, there were almost no opportunities for commoners to encounter nobility. The two classes had completely different places of residence and separate scopes of activity.

However, when a commoner voluntarily stepped into a aristocratic domain, that is, when they worked for and belonged to the royal palace or a noble family, they had to be prepared to die if they were unlucky. Despite that, many commoners competed fiercely to work for aristocrats due to the high pay. If you worked in a noble family for ten years, it was possible to support your entire family and buy a decent house.

Like most nations with a caste system, Xenon also established order with a noble-oriented law. Unless it was a case where an innocent commoner was killed by a noble while coincidentally crossing the road, when employees, such as servants or maids, were caught in the affairs of high-ranking people and died, they should be glad to even be returned with an intact corpse.

‘The compensation is not that much.’

Hugo recalled the conversation he had had with his wife. He still could not understand his wife’s excessive sympathy. But she had asked him to do it and it wasn’t anything difficult, so there was no reason not to do so.

“Give the remaining family of the deceased maid, 50 years of compensation for the maid’s service and send someone to offer condolences at the funeral. If someone among the remaining family needs it, provide them with a job.”

“...”

Fabian momentarily forgot how to speak and vacantly stared at his lord. When Fabian did not reply, Hugo frowned slightly. Fabian was startled and quickly answered in affirmative, going to the extent of even nodding his head.

“What of the others, apart from the maid that were killed by Roy?”

“The royal family will compensate them.”

It was a principle that those who worked in the palace were compensated by the royal family for accidents that occurred in the palace. From Kwiz’s standpoint, he suffered no loss in this incident. Even if it was said that they had compensate the dead, they only had to pay them with some of the Countess of Falcon’s assets, which had been used to replenish the national treasury.

The deceased Countess of Falcon was convicted with the felony of bringing poison into the Royal Palace and conspiring to assassinate the King. They executed her corpse, deprived her of her title, and took all of her possessions into the national treasury.*

“The royal family’s compensation will not be that much either.” (Hugo)

“That is quite likely.” (Fabian)

“Treat them in a similar manner as well.” (Hugo)

Since they all died to Roy who was trying to protect his wife, Hugo decided to neatly take care of everything.

Fabian’s expression was strange as he came out of the Duke’s office. He stood in front of the closed office door for a while, then he turned and looked at the door, thinking of the Duke who was sitting inside.

‘So people can change.’

Fabian’s way of looking at things was that people could never change. People had their own inborn temperament and the only time it could change was when they were children. He thought that even if they changed, their fundamentals couldn’t be changed, and the person that formed as they grew older did not change until the day they died.

Something that could shake Fabian’s distinctive personal view had happened under his very own eyes. He could not imagine ever hearing the words ‘take care of the late maid’s remaining family’ from his lord.

The Duke that Fabian knew, rather than calling him a wicked person, he was someone that had no interest in his surroundings. He only did things as he pleased, and apart from the minimum amount of people he kept at his side out of need, he let the others run their course regardless of the turnout and left things to his subordinate’s discretion.

Fabian thought that he was nothing more than a convenient tool for the Duke. Sometimes, that fact felt bitter, but still, he comforted himself that he was able to work for the Duke because his ability was recognized.

However, he was honestly moved upon seeing the way his lord had handled Roy’s case this time. For the person who risked his life for his master, his master mobilized all his ability and saved him.

Fabian was a realist who thought that surviving was the best and sneered at nobles who clung to honor. Which is why he thought that there was no method more perfect than this to save Roy. Belief rose in his heart that even if he was in a situation to die for his lord, he would not be abandoned nor ignored. He felt relief that even if he died an unlucky death, he wouldn’t have to worry about the rest of his family.

‘But still, the price of that bastard’s life should never be this much.’

Regardless, his way of thinking hadn’t changed. Fabian still thought that the money leaving their hands was such a pity.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Yea...I did a literal translation here. Not sure what she’s trying to say.

*T/N: They executed her corpse? Tf? And yes, I did double check.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 108 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

T/N: In the chapter, the [] signifies a different language.

The area of the northern border that Roy returned to after a long time, was close to the village where he was born and grew up. He lost his parents to the invading barbarians when he was young and swore revenge. Because of his extraordinary strength and size, he was called the village hulk from an early age, so he grew up hearing that he would do great things.[1]

And so, he was conceited. He lunged at the barbarians to take revenge, but was caught and taken away.

Because the young boy seemed to have useful strength, the barbarians decided to raise him and use him as a slave; that’s why they did not kill Roy. In order to remove malice from the stubborn Roy, they bound him up and whipped him for a month. Just when Roy thought that he was going to die like this, a certain boy secretly approached him and released him, saving his life.

The Roy, who escaped from that route, realized his shortcomings. He hid alone and lived by hunting down animals by himself. The experience taught him life’s strengths and weaknesses. Sometimes, he killed one or two barbarians that strayed too far from their tribe and steadily built up his skills.

And then finally, he took revenge for his parents. He could not carry out a frontal attack on the tribal village because he was alone, but he lured a handful of people into the forest and killed them all in the span of a few days.

Although it was refreshing after getting his revenge, he didn’t know what to do in the future. He just lived like a wild man, sometimes killing the barbarians that came at him, resolving food issues by hunting and practically spending his days in a lackadaisical manner.

Then, he met his lord. As soon as he saw him, he knew that the man was the benefactor that had helped him when he was a child. When he was asked, ‘Do you want to come with me?’, he followed along. He thought that he would have a chance to repay the favor if they were together.

“Tch. Just when I thought I repaid it, there’s a debt again.”

Roy grumbled as he lifted up his body, which was sprawled beneath a tree. Officially he was dead, which was probably why nobody bothered him and just left him alone.

As Roy wandered around near the border, he gradually drew farther away and entered the forest in the barbarian’s region. For a few days now, he had not seen anyone. The feeling of being alone for the first time in a long time, was not bad.

The night of the forest came quickly. After roasting the rabbit that he had caught for dinner, Roy covered himself with a blanket next to the bonfire and went to bed.

Around when the darkness of the night had deepened, and the campfire had become smaller after burning all the wood, someone stealthily approached Roy, who was lying down in the darkness.[2]

The mysterious individual pulled out a dagger from their bosom. They carefully went up to Roy’s side as he slept and brought down their dagger in the direction of his neck. No, they thought they did, but the mysterious individual’s field of vision suddenly flipped over, and they collided with the ground, falling on their back.

Their hand, which was holding the knife, was strongly gripped at the wrist while another powerful grip was fixed to their neck. Unable to last long against the pressure on their neck, they lost consciousness.

When the mysterious individual, Kuya, regained consciousness, the day was already bright. Their body was tightly bound to a tree with their hands behind them, so they could not move. They rummaged through their memories of last night and looked around in a hurry but did not see anyone.

After a while, the sound of rustling could be heard as Roy showed up behind the bushes. On his back, he was carrying a fawn.

He began to disassemble the prey he caught. He indifferently cut its throat, drew out the blood, used a small dagger to skin it and chopped it into pieces at its joint; he was obviously familiar with dismantling a prey.

It was just the process of retrieving meat from an animal but Kuya trembled as if they were looking at the most terrible scene in the world and glared at the sight with a gaze full of spite. As they watched the bastard build a fire, roast the deer, and begin to eat, Kuya thought that he(Roy) ate very well even though he was ignorant.

After a fairly time-consuming meal, Roy curtly spoke to Kuya.

“Who are you?”

[Red Devil!]

As he calmly watched the woman, who was screaming at him with a venomous gaze, Roy said:

[It’s been a while since I’ve heard those words.]

When Roy spoke her familiar tribal tongue, Kuya momentarily flinched before shouting again:

[Don’t humiliate me, kill me!]

[What have I done that you’re like this? You’re the one who tried to kill someone sleeping.]

[You’re my family’s enemy!]

Roy thought that the woman who was stubbornly grinding her teeth was like a wildcat.

[But I didn’t even do anything. Ah, was the deer I just ate your family by any chance? Sorry.]

The woman quivered with emotion and noisily shrieked that she would kill him.

Roy watched as the woman shrieked and writhed to the extent that her face had gone bright red. The petite woman was really energetic. She didn’t seem that old. If he were to guess, she had just passed adulthood?

After being flooded with the sight of noblewomen acting graceful in the capital, it was quite fun to see a woman full of venomosity.

[Red Devil. You killed dozens of people in my village as well as my father and my brother. Will you say you don’t know about what you did eight years ago?]

Hearing the words of the woman who was huffing as if she had lost her energy after screaming and raving, Roy searched his memory. Eight years ago, there was only one incident where he slaughtered dozens at mass.

[Your parents killed my parents. I was getting revenge too.]

The woman flinched. Then she went silent. After looking at the still woman who had her head bowed for a fairly long time, the bored Roy lay on his back and dozed off.*

Roy woke up from his nap, feeling the urge to pee and incoherently pulled himself together. As he pulled down his pants, he heard a sharp sound and turned his head. The place where Roy chose to pee was a couple of steps away from the woman. The woman was cursing with an expression that spoke disgust.

Roy scratched his head and went somewhere that wasn’t visible in the bushes. When Roy returned after resolving his issue, the woman said:

[I acknowledge your fair revenge.]

[Heh. You’re really straightforward. So you’re not going to kill me now?]

[This and that are different. I have to take revenge for my family.]

[So you have to kill me?]

[Exactly. So you should kill me.]

Roy thought for a moment then he pulled out his dagger and approached the woman.

Kuya closed her eyes. But there was none of expected pain and the rope on her painfully bound hands came loose. Suddenly being able to freely move her body, Kuya was confused but she would never let go of an opportunity. She nimbly dove away and distanced herself from Roy.

[Do you think I won’t kill you if you do this?]

[Do it. Since you acknowledge that my revenge was fair, then I also acknowledge you trying to kill me. However, I won’t obediently die. If you’re confident, go ahead.]

Kuya stared at Roy for a moment. She was a little confused. He didn’t match the monstrous figure of the Red Devil that she had imprinted in her head from a young age. But he was the enemy of her parents and brother. Kuya renewed her determination, turned around and disappeared into the forest. Roy chuckled.

“What an aggressive woman.”[3]

He didn’t know why he let her leave alive. He had never left a source for future trouble alone before.

‘Her smell’s not bad.’

He wouldn’t be bored for a while.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] The word for ‘hulk’ used here is ‘jangsa’, which means a person of great strength. I couldn’t think of another word for it.

[2] The raw says that they silenced their footsteps which I took to mean stealthily.

[3] Well, the word used for ‘unyielding’ here, can also mean aggressive.

*T/N: I was so taken aback by this, hahaha. Why take a nap right then??

ED: Why not, there was nothing really going on there at that moment, might as well enjoy a nap while a woman is watching over you =P

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Everything is as it should be — > (1)

On the day of the King’s royal birthday feast, the Queen showed up at an official occasion after a very long interval. Using the excuse of maternal stability, the Queen stayed indoors after the death of her brother, and rumors spread that perhaps the Queen had lost her child due to shock and was lying down at home in heartbreak.

However, the rumors were negated when the Queen appeared, calmly holding her bulging stomach that almost seemed mountainous. The noblewomen scrambled to approach Beth and gave her their greetings.

Lucia also approached Beth. The two of them hasn’t met for a few months as well.

Lucia inwardly felt sorry towards the Queen. Her husband said that the Queen would not know that Roy had disguised himself as a dead man and escaped. She was much better off not knowing that, but seeing as the Queen was unaware of the exact details and suddenly lost her brother, she would be in pain because of the loss.

Lucia was even more sorry that she couldn’t comfort the grieving heart of the Queen, who had to undergo this while she was pregnant.

“Have you been well, Your Royal Highness?”[1]

“Duchess, how have you been as well? It has been a long time.”

Beth’s voice was soft, unlike what Lucia feared, that the Queen would confront her sharply. Seeing the Duchess cautiously revealing an apologetic look, Beth smiled.

‘What has this person done wrong?’

After losing her brother, Beth resented the Duchess for a while. It wasn’t because she thought that the Duchess had done something wrong, but because it was just a time when she resented everyone involved.

Her father had come to see her as she was confined to bed in despair and he looked like he had aged ten years.[2] Seeing him, Beth thought that her father was also suffering from the pain of losing his son, but her father told her a slightly different story from what she had guessed.

“You should forget about it now, Your Royal Highness. That boy...he did something, that’s why he ended up like that.”

“What...Father. What in the world are you talking about?”

“I cannot tell you the exact details. Just know that that boy, David, did not die without blame. You are carrying a precious royal body within you. Don’t be too distressed and pull yourself together.’

“Father.”

After giving a long sigh, her father said:

“It seems your foolish father did not do well in acting as a father.”

Beth saw the years from the dropped shoulders of her father as he turned around. In that moment, he was not her always strong and reassured father. As she continued to dwell on the words that her father left for her, Beth felt a little resentful of her late brother.

‘How is it that until you die, you drive a nail into the hearts of the people left behind?’

Beth thought of her baby and tried to shake off her brother’s death, little by little. Katherine, whom she thought she wasn’t in a very fond relationship with, came to see her everyday and offered her a lot of comfort.

When she felt the first movements in the womb after refraining from external activities and focusing on her child, Beth shook off all the remaining negative sediments in her heart. Her heart as a mother, wished to convey only beautiful thoughts to her yet to be born child.

“I’ve gained quite some weight, haven’t I? When you carry a child, your body changes like this.” (Beth)

“Rather, you look more at ease.” (Lucia)

“Indeed. These days, I feel at ease. My child is also having fun inside.”

“When are you expecting?”

“There is about a month left. Now that I think about it, it’s around time to hear the news from you, Duchess. I believe it’s been two years since you’ve been married?”[3]

“...Yes.”

Lucia smiled faintly and glanced at Beth’s swollen belly.

‘How does it feel to have another life growing inside of you?’

Lucia was curious about the feeling that she had never experienced in her dream and would probably never experience in reality. She had heard that as a baby grew, they would move and kick inside. How did that feel, too?

She heard that the pain of childbirth was terrible enough to die. There was also no small amount of women who had things go wrong after giving birth to a child. It was a life-risking experience for a woman to give birth to a child.

‘Even then, it’s fine. I think I can bear any pain.’

Lucia looked at her husband, who was standing some distance away, talking with the king and a few nobles. He had never once brought up the topic of a child.

‘Does he still not want a child?’

Maybe it was because it was peak spring and the weather had gotten distinctly warmer. The rustling spring breeze wove into Lucia’s heart, shaking it up.

She wanted to have a child. She wanted to lovingly carry his child and become their mother after giving birth. ‘Should I take the infertility cure without telling him?’ she had thought about this a few times. She knew that the two of them were still young and had a lot of time left. But Lucia felt that the days passing by were a pity.

“I heard that His Majesty is pushing for the marriage of the princesses remaining in the palace.”

“I heard that too. Exactly how many princesses are still remaining in the palace?”

From being occupied with the thought of a child, Lucia’s interest was instantly shifted as she concentrated on the topic of the clamoring noblewomen.

Hugo acted like he was listening to the person chattering at his side while he searched for his wife with his eyes. He didn’t like the customary practice of men and women gathering separately to discuss.

He wanted to keep his wife by his side, but the problem was that nobody else was doing that. And his wife didn’t like standing out.

Sometimes, he checked on her. It was something like a habit. If he couldn’t spot her for a long time, he got needlessly nervous. He saw her gaze shift somewhere momentarily as she talked with the noblewomen.

At first, he didn’t care, but after seeing her do it a few times, he wondered what she was looking at and followed her gaze. The queen stood where his wife was looking at.

‘Is she still bothered about the things from a few months ago?’

He was worried that his wife had still not forgotten about the incident behind David’s death.

But after looking more closely, he realized that she was not looking at the Queen but slightly lower, at the noticeably prominent stomach of the Queen.

Suddenly, it felt like a bang resounded through his ears.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] I used ‘Your Royal Highness’ instead of ‘Your Highness the Queen’ as I’ve been using.

[2] Her father is Duke Ramis.

[3]Hear news: about time to hear news of Lucia’s pregnancy.

***The next one is...twice as long ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°).

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 109 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Everything is as it should be — > (1)

After finishing his bath, Hugo headed to his wife’s bedroom while his mind continued to contemplate on the thing that had been on his mind since the party.

‘Does she want a child...’

He could give her anything she wanted, even if he had to comb through the entire world, but there was one thing alone he couldn’t give. A child. She could not have his child. No matter how many seeds he planted, it would never sprout in her womb.

His cursed blood could never grow without taking cursed measures.

He once thought that it was a fortunate thing. Because no matter how much he womanized, there wouldn’t be any incident of a woman that he didn’t remember, coming to find him with a pregnant, bulging stomach. The thought of a woman he only slept with a few times, giving birth to a trace of his disgusting blood and raising it, made him feel very dirty and full of dread.

If there were no constraints or specific conditions that had to be satisfied for impregnation, he would have probably killed every woman that appeared with his child.

When he became Duke after the death of his brother, and saw the things in his family’s secret room, his hate for the blood flowing within him reached an extreme. He thought about cutting his arteries and pouring out all of his blood several times a day.

Hugo abrupted stopped in front of his wife’s bedroom door.

‘What about now?’

He felt a strange sense of incongruity. He looked down at both of his hands and clenched his fists.

The feeling of being alive. The sensation of breathing. These were sensations that he usually tried not to be conscious about, but there were times when he felt that his existence in the world was too revolting, and he couldn’t bear it. And when that happened, he ran on his horse until he was dead tired and couldn’t run any faster, or he spent a few days burning the midnight oil and throwing himself into work like crazy.

[You have changed.][1]

Upon remembering the words of the unpleasant old man, Hugo knit his brows.

‘Have I changed?’

He wasn’t conscious of it, so he didn’t realize. But something had definitely changed. Hugo moved his gaze and quickly scanned the familiar sight of his wife’s receiving room.

It was warm. It wasn’t really because the room inside was heated up, but because of the feeling it gave. Every time Hugo passed by this receiving room to get to his wife’s bedroom, he felt good. His heart throbbed at the thought of holding his wife’s soft body and kissing her moist lips.

Her body temperature felt hot to the touch and his former self who could only distinguish between coldness, was doing childish things that filled him with emotions.[2]

Hugo looked at his hands again. The feeling of being alive was not as terrible as before. Rather he felt that it was fortunate that he was able to touch and feel her, because he was alive. In his life that had always been lonely, she was now with him.

He didn’t know when it started but, he now thought about the future, and in the future he envisioned, she was always there.

In his mind, he drew a picture of his wife holding a child and smiling brightly at him, after a few years. A wholesome feeling floated to the surface of his mind, but it soon sank down heavily.

‘I cannot give her a child.’

Should he tell her that she could not have a baby? Should he tell her about his dirty birth, or should he confide in her about his family’s secret that he wanted to seal forever?

He hated the mere idea of that. It felt like he was being swarmed with an offensive smell. That part of him was a darkness that he never wanted to reveal to the woman he loved. He was afraid that she would look at him a little differently after hearing everything.

He didn’t know what to do if she said that she wanted to have a child. Hugo opened the door to his wife’s room, feeling gloomy unlike how he usually felt.

Almost at the same time Hugo entered the room, Lucia was also entering the bedroom after finishing her bath. Lucia held the towel wrapped around her wet hair and warned her husband who was standing some distance away.

“I have to dry my hair. Don’t come here.”

When she slept with her hair wet sometimes, she had to toil in the morning to arrange her disheveled hair. She was also embarrassed to look at the maid, who had to spray water on her hair in an attempt to tidy it up. When she had to go out, she couldn’t manage it at all, so there were times when she had to wrap her hair up again in the morning.

She didn’t have to completely dry it. It was enough to apply lotion that would make it settle down neatly after drying it moderately. But her husband did not even wait for that amount of time to pass.

Hugo calmly gazed at his wife, who was vigilantly fluffing her feathers like a small animal, then he took a step forward.

She had slowly moved to the dressing table and upon seeing him move, she was startled and raised her voice to say, ‘I said, don’t come’.

Seeing her expression as she repeated for him not to come and stepped backwards, Hugo gave a perverse grin.

‘This is fun.’

The feeling that had sank down rose to the surface again. He was also excited.

Lucia felt spooked when she saw him look at her with his arms folded, grin, and then suddenly approach her faster. It was a feeling like she had suddenly become a feeble prey being pursued. So she turned around on the spot and ran away.

Lucia tried to get over the bed and was about to run to the other side, but she was caught by a strong hand just before reaching the bed. In that short moment, she felt the fear of being bitten on the neck by a wild beast.*

“Kyaa!”

His arms were firmly wrapped around her waist and his chest stuck to her back. He bit her earlobe and chuckled.

“Why are you screaming? Do you like this kind of thing?”

“No!”

He kissed her flushed neck and cupped her breast with his hand that had dug into her bathrobe. His other hand went between her legs, rubbing the area that had begun to get wet. Her body shuddered at the stimulation and he hugged her even tighter and whispered into her ear.

“My wife. Shall we play a little wildly today?”

“Hugh!”

Because she was already caught and lifted in his arms, Lucia’s body was thrown onto the bed. Before Lucia could lift her body, he quickly climbed over her. Because she was trapped beneath his arms, Lucia couldn’t look straight at his eyes, which were staring down at her. Her face burned like it was on fire.

Hugo grabbed the front of her bathrobe and spread it aside, revealing her breasts underneath. Her naked body was dyed red, looking as appetizing as a peach.**

“Your whole body is red. What is making you excited?”

“...Will you keep teasing me?”

Seeing her with reddened eyes that were as if she would cry, Hugo felt a certain stiffness at his waist. Half of it was a desire to put it in right now, and the other half, a desire to taste her extremely sweet body. This time, the latter won.

Hugo squeezed his leg between her closed knees and pried them open. Her amber eyes which were shaking in confusion became another stimulant for him. He grabbed her thighs with both hands, spread them apart and buried his head in the wetness between her legs. He kissed it and insert his tongue in the open gap.

“Ah!”

The delicate stimulation on her private part was electrifying. His wet tongue licked and explored while his lips rubbed against her skin as if kissing her there, as he sucked and bit it slightly.

“Ang!”

Lucia moaned and covered her face with both hands. Even if she twisted her body, he held her firmly from below the waist, so she couldn’t even move. The sound of him lapping up the liquid flowing from her body was embarrassing.

It wasn’t as hard as a finger, but the tip of a rather wet, soft flesh shallowly entered her vagina, withdrew and re-entered a little deeper.

Her body trembled intensely. The moment he sucked and suckled strongly, Lucia uttered a cry of pleasure and moved her waist restlessly.

Hugo licked her twitching entrance at length with his tongue, then he lifted his head. Her blurred eyes which were dropping because of her climax were erotic.

Hugo caught the face of his wife, who was turning her crimson face away and covering her lips with the back of her hand. He tried to meet her eyes, but she kept looking away.

“Vivian. Why do you keep avoiding my eyes?”

“...I’m embarrassed.”

“What.”

When Hugo asked a few times, Lucia hesitantly said in a small voice:

“...it’s obscene...”

Hugo carefully thought about the meaning of her words then he grinned.

“Are you embarrassed because it feels good when I do it with my mouth?”

The sight of her giving him a reproachful look with her reddened face looked so cute that he couldn’t help but laugh. He caught her face by the chin and rubbed her slightly parted lips with his thumb.

Lucia wrapped her tongue around the finger entering her mouth. Every time she licked his finger, her red tongue poked out a little.

She glanced up slightly at him and there was already no more laughter on his face. His eyes were filled with the desire of a hungry beast before its prey.

He removed his hand from her mouth and raised his upper body. He spread her legs that she kept closing and took a position. He grabbed both her calves with his hands and pulled her body downwards with his strength.

The moment Lucia shut her eyes, expecting what would follow, a hot rod instantly plunged into her.

“Aah!”

The sharp tingles disappeared after a very short moment, and a orgasmic sensation flitted across her spine. Just with him entering her, Lucia’s body shook with an electrifying sense of pleasure. He grabbed her hips and pinned their lower abdomens tightly close to each other.

As her thighs went on top of his thighs, her butt naturally lifted in the air, and his member entered all the way to the hilt, filling her up. Lucia gasped for breath at the sense of pressure that took her breath away, while he stayed still for a moment, also taking in rough breaths.

“Your insides...are pulling me in.”

As he watched her red face get even redder, Hugo moved his waist slightly.

“Hn...”

“Hha... so tight, seriously.”

Her tender flesh was clinging to his penis, moving along with his movements and squeezing him tightly as he moved.

Hugo held his wife almost everyday, but it was a marvel how her insides always moved unpredictably, bringing him infinite pleasure whenever he held her.

The more he held her, the more addicted he became, and lately, when it was the night corresponding to the one-in-five-days rule, he had to spend the whole night fighting off his desperate desire.

The satisfaction of sharing his love with the woman he loved, gave him more emotional pleasure than physical pleasure. The extreme orgasm resulting from the two pleasures coming together and overflowing could not be expressed in any words. Once you tasted it, it was an amazing experience that you couldn’t forget until you died. It was a feeling of satisfaction from sharing an emotional connection, not a vulgar impulsive pleasure.

He grabbed her butt and began to move slowly. As he moved along the smooth path made by the fluids of her body, he explored her insides deeply and thrust in and out of her repeatedly.

Her inner folds became bumpy, stroking his penis and stimulating him as he moved. A pleasured cry escaped from her parted lips and a stiffening, but exhilarating sensation crawled up his spine.

The most sensitive nerves in his body were all focused on the hot, slippery, pressuring, and squeezing sensations that his penis was currently feeling. The pleasure it was bringing was no less than the pleasure at the moment he came. He moved as slowly as possible, and tried to maintain his sense of the present.

Lucia looked up at him as her body shook slowly, in accordance with his unhurried movements and desire for her. His red eyes were clouded as if he was intoxicated and his brows were slightly furrowed. Upon seeing this sight, Lucia’s body grew even hotter.

She abruptly had the thought of trying out what Katherine had taught her.

‘What did she say again? When it’s coming in, relax, when it’s leaving, clench...’[3]

When she diligently manipulated her body according to what she had learned, the effect was immediate. He knit his brows and his hands on her butt gripped it tighter.

As she repeatedly relaxed and clenched a few times while watching his expression, he swallowed a moan and growled.

“Don’t do that.”

Lucia feigned ignorance as she gasped for breath.

“What do you mean...?”

“You’re doing something you didn’t do before.”

Lucia was perplexed because his reaction was different from what she expected.

“...But they said a man would like it.”

Hugo stopped moving and frowned.

“Who?”

“...”

“It’s obvious. Those tea party women must have gathered together and said stuff like that.”

Watching him as he clicked his tongue, Lucia felt kind of bad towards the innocent noblewomen.

“You don’t like it? When I do this?”

She clenched her lower abdomen tightly again. He huffed, swallowing his breath and his red eyes that were looking at her sprang into a blaze.

“Don’t excite me when you can’t even handle it.”

Hugo moved his hands from her butt to her ankles, lifted her ankles to his shoulders and then heavily rammed into her. Lucia’s eyes smarted at the stimulation of his rigid crown piercing her deepest insides.

“Hk!”

“You can cry a little harder. Do you know how much I was holding back?”

He sped up and began to powerfully thrust into her. His desire-filled member filled up her insides and ravaged her.

“Ah! Anng!”

She could feel his excitement as he ruthlessly pounded into her, piercing, prodding and just scraping her down. Lucia’s body shuddered as her sensitive insides were stimulated countless times.

She felt a slight ache when he reached deep inside and she shivered at the frictional pleasure from being roughly rubbed against inside. As he ravaged through her inner walls, he pulled back and quickly reentered, drilling into her.

As she listened to the sound of flesh slapping against flesh, her eyes heated up and the forming tears slid down her face.

“Ah! Hugh! Uuhk...”

Lucia screamed as she reached an intense climax. Her vision flickered repeatedly with the sensation of falling endlessly and at the same time, her entire body trembled as she was dazed with pleasure.

Her insides achingly squeezed his member and began to twitch and spasm. He slammed into her a few more times before spraying his semen into her womb.

The pressure of him holding her tightly, and the sound of him moaning in her ear gave her chills from head to toe. She wrapped herself around him with her arms and legs.

As the sound of two people gasping for breath mixed together, the time of the long and short climax flew by. As she fought for breath amidst sobs, Lucia thought that she should just bury what she had learnt from Katherine.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] This is Philip, from when Hugo was in the north to subjugate barbarians. I’ll look for the chapter or if you remember what chapter it was, do tell.

[2] I don’t know what this sentence is trying to say so I translated literally. Here you go.

[3]I know this is an odd question to ask...but does this work? Like fr?

*T/N: So...dramatic.

**Have you guys ever had peaches before? How do they taste?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Everything is as it should be — > (2)

Because of the conversation she had with the noblewomen at the party today, Lucia looked back on her memories from the dream, that she had forgotten for several months. The dream memories that Lucia called another future, had already changed a lot in reality.

In order to sort out her jumbled childhood memories, Lucia sent someone to the village where she grew up and found out a few facts.

Rossa, whom she played around with when she was young, had grown up and was about to marry a neighborhood youth. And the more surprising fact was that the tree at the village entrance that they used to play around on, only had a stump left.

Apparently, many years ago, when Lucia was about five years old, the tree was struck by lightning and burnt hideously black, so it was chopped off. Since there was no tree to climb on in the first place, Lucia’s accident when she was a child did not happen.

Lucia believed that the future had split from the moment the village tree was struck by lightning. There was a future that had changed but there was also a future that was still flowing the same way. This could be seen in the case of the King pushing for the marriages of the princesses.

Lucia had lightly asked a noblewoman, who was well-informed in high society rumors, about the news of the Countess of Matin.

[They divorced a few months ago, that is, earlier this year. I heard the Countess was going down to the west, where her family’s home is.][1]

Lucia felt shocked out of her wits; it was as if she had been hit in the back of her head. The reason why Lucia got married to Count Matin wasn’t because their conditions matched specifically, but because Lucia was the oldest princess in the palace.

Now that Lucia was gone, the oldest princess, although younger than Lucia, would marry Count Matin. It was a case where her terrible future was being shifted onto another person’s head.

His arm, which was wrapped around her waist, tightened around her. He turned his body slightly to the side, meeting Lucia’s eyes for a moment, then he kissed the corner of her eyes.

“Why aren’t you sleeping?” (Hugo)

Hugo had been listening to her as she gave small sighs from time to time, unable to sleep. He thought she was worrying about a child, so he also couldn’t sleep and was panicking. He knew he had to talk with her about the issue of a child, but he was deeply worried about what extent he had to talk about it.

“What about you?” (Lucia)

“You keep sighing beside me.”

“Did I do that? I’ll be quiet now. Go to sleep.”

“What is it? Are you worried about something?”

‘Does it have to do with a child?’ The words hovered in his mouth.

“...Do you know that His Majesty plans to marry off the princesses of the late king?”

When Hugo heard the unrelated words coming out of her mouth, his tense nerves lost their energy.

“Mm, I’ve heard.” (Hugo)

While she hesitated as if picking what to say, Hugo waited without urging her.

“Today, I heard that the Countess of Matin had gotten divorced.”

“Matin?”

“You probably don’t know it. It’s not a family that people usually talk about.”

“Were you close with her?”

“...I just know her a little bit.”

Lucia was not the type to tell Hugo every little bit of gossip in the social circle. Which is why Hugo thought that she was quite close with the Countess, seeing as she had brought up someone else’s private affairs.

Lucia lifted her head as she lay, leaning on his shoulder. She stretched out her hand and cupped his face. As she felt his skin and body temperature through her palm, she once again confirmed that this was not a dream.

Once in a while, Lucia grew afraid that everything would be a dream. The days she spent peacefully and happily in his shade seemed unreal.

“...What?”

Hugo took her hand off his face and kissed her palm. Then he gently stroked her forehead and swept a hand through her hair.

Lucia liked his affectionate touch. She took his big hand and rubbed her face against it. Because her spoiled act seemed somewhat sad, Hugo suddenly felt anxious.

“What’s wrong?”

“Please do something to prevent Count Matin from marrying the princess of the late king.”

Lucia couldn’t just let it pass and act like she knew nothing. If one of her half-sisters whose face she had never even seen, were to take her place and experience everything she had seen in her dream, Lucia felt like she would feel guilty for a lifetime.

“I know how strange I sound right now. She’s my half-sister whose name I don’t even know, but I can’t act like I cannot see the obvious misfortune ahead. I cannot let her marry that person. That man... beats his wife. And he does things even worse than that.”

“Vivian.”

Hugo tightly hugged her trembling figure.

“If I hadn’t married you, I would...I would have probably married that person.”

“Why makes you think that?”

As Lucia talked, her anger unconsciously rose as she recalled her memories in the dream and she couldn’t control her heated emotions. When he hugged her tight and stroked her back, Lucia’s boiling emotions slowly cooled down.

“It looks like you’ve talked with the Countess a lot.”

“...”

“Okay. I will take care of it, so you just forget about it.”

“...Really? You can...do it?”

Hugo was struck speechless by her question. She was asking him if he could do this mere thing? He could change the king if he wanted to.

“Of course. Your husband is very capable.”

She gave a small laugh in his embrace. Only after, did Hugo give a sigh of relief. Her anxiety spread to him too, so he was tense.

He was annoyed at the Countess of Matin who babbled about the unpleasant details of her marriage to his wife, making her worry needlessly and he was even more annoyed at the bastard known as her husband.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] This is the noblewoman speaking. She doesn’t say Countess, I put countess for context.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 110 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Everything is as it should be — > (2)

Hugo soon held a detailed investigative report on the Count of Matin in his hands. The more he read, the more unpleasant the document became and as he flipped through the increasingly unpleasant document, he clicked his tongue.

In the Count’s first marriage, he got divorced after five years; in his second marriage, the wife’s family took action and invalidated the marriage in about a month. And his third marriage ended in a divorce, a few months ago. And it was just a month ago that the Count made a marriage proposal to the royal family for his fourth marriage. It was not an uncommon thing for an aristocrat to get divorced, but the Count was over the top.

His official children were three sons. There was the eldest son, who was born from his first wife, and the second son, who was an extramarital child, entered into the legal registry by his first wife. His first wife seemed to have used the legal registration as a condition to get divorced. The third son was born from his recently divorced wife and there were a few more illegitimate children that the Count did not retrieve.

It was written in the report that the Count likely had a problem with his male function, due to the fact that he was promiscuous when he was younger and had not had a child for nearly a decade.

Although the man was garbage, Hugo thought there was a high chance of Kwiz accepting the bastard’s marriage proposal because he offered quite the dowry.

Kwiz only acknowledged his sister from the same mother, Katherine, as his blood relation. His brothers were opponents that he wanted to kill if possible, and his sisters were deadweights eating away at the royal palace budget. When he was Crown Prince, Kwiz greatly despised the way the previous king had crapped out children all over the place.

The late king placed kingship in sight and idly watched as the princes killed each other. Rather, he thought that his children’s fierce power struggles increased his influence.

For a king like Kwiz who loathed his father’s debauchery, he was the type to practice moderation with women. He had only three concubines and even that was due to the need to further his interests. It was unknown what means he used but there were no children between him and his concubines.

If Kwiz were to accept the Count of Matin’s proposal and push ahead with marriage, the target would be Princess Cecil, who turned eighteen this year.

‘How did my wife know that he would make a marriage proposal to the royal family?’

Hugo wondered for a moment, but he didn’t linger on the thought for long. This was because another thought occupied its place. Just as his wife said, if she had stayed in the palace, the princess to marry this bastard would have been her. Princess Vivian would have become the wife of this garbage.

He felt like shit. It was something that didn’t happen but the mere possibility that it might have happened made him burn with icy fury.

Hugo thought carefully about how to deal with his wife’s request. It was quite cumbersome to retrieve a marriage proposal that had already been sent to the royal family. Asking the king would just create another chance for the king to make demands and he didn’t know what the king would ask for.

Hugo called Fabian, gave him the report and ordered him:

“Get rid of this man. I don’t want him in my sight.”

“Should it be complicated or simple?”

“Simple.”

“Yes, sir. But about the pendant you ordered me to find previously. I apologize. I have not found it yet.”

Fabian was uneasy every time he came to the ducal residence to give a report because his lord had not mentioned the pendant all this while. There was no place he didn’t ask his subordinates to comb through, but he didn’t even get a single clue.

“Hm? Ah, you can stop looking for that.”

Hugo had forgotten to mention that they didn’t need to look for the pendant anymore. But he didn’t feel sorry at all for the people who had been diligently looking for it. Not knowing the exact circumstances, Fabian was just glad that he wasn’t reprimanded.

And about a week later, the Count of Matin died in a carriage-flipping accident.[1]

* * *

Hugo informed Lucia about the death of Count Matin. Of course, he didn’t say that it happened under his orders.

“I looked into handling your request and learnt that he died in an accident.”

His reaction was impassive as if it was an unknown stray dog that had died. Lucia understood. To him, the Count of Matin was really nothing, his existence was even worse than a stray dog.

“...An accident?” (Lucia)

Lucia couldn’t believe it. How much had she cursed him in her dream? She pleaded and begged for his death, even if she was punished for it. Maybe her desperate curses were heard and caused him to meet a miserable end by decapitation, but he was a someone that seemed like he wouldn’t die from something as fleeting as a carriage accident.

Hugo wrapped his arms around her absent-minded figure, as she had fallen into deep thought.

“Is it shocking that he died?” (Hugo)

“...Shocking? Yes, perhaps...” (Lucia)

“Why?”

“For it to be that trivial...I thought he was someone that wouldn’t die even if you killed him.”

Hugo thought that for the standards of his innocent wife, who had lived sheltered in the palace and married him immediately after, the Count’s behavior was very shocking.

When the standard was the world which was overflowing with evil, someone like Count Matin was nothing but filth clinging to the soles of one’s feet. But she didn’t need to know stuff like that. It was enough for her to know someone like the Count of Matin as the standard for the peak of evil.

“He’s already dead. Stop thinking about it. He cannot marry anyone now, let alone the princess.”

“...I see.”

Suddenly realized something, Lucia wondered aloud.

“Then what will happen to the Count’s household...”

“He has a son, so his son will inherit his title.”

“The divorced countess has a young son.”

Since the Count of Matin was dead, the future where the Matin family was exterminated after being caught up in a plot of treason would change, and the future of Bruno fleeing to a foreign country would also change.

Lucia thought the precocious Bruno missed his mother a lot, even though he didn’t say it. He was still a young child who needed his mother’s embrace.

Count Matin’s eldest son, who was to inherit the title, did not seem like he would care and attend to his younger brother. From what she saw in her dream, they were brothers who treated each other like strangers.

“If the Countess wants, I can arrange for her son to be taken to her parent’s home.”

Hugo pressed down the irritation deep in his heart and spoke kindly. He didn’t like it when her attention was somewhere else. He wanted all of her attention to be on him.

He didn’t tell her that the Countess might not want to take her son back with her. If the Countess remarried, her son would become a burden.

And if the Countess chose her son, she could not remarry for at least ten years, until her son became an adult. There were not many cases where a noblewoman sacrificed herself for her child. The Countess was more likely to think of her well-being first, before her son’s.

“Really?” (Lucia)

Can you really do that? Seeing her sparkling eyes, Hugo chuckled. His wife tended to underestimate him too much.

There were few things in this world that he could not do. Even the role of an envoy that reaped people’s lives was his. Only the divine ability of reviving the dead was never his.

“So forget about it now. And don’t worry about these things anymore.” (Hugo)

“Okay.”

She smiled sweetly as if she was shaking everything off, and finding that so pretty, Hugo bit her tender cheeks. Startled by his action, Lucia stared at him then she wrapped her arm around his neck and hugged him.

“I’m really thankful, Hugh.”

“If you’re thankful then give me a gift.”

Lucia burst into laughter then lifted her head and kissed him lightly on the lips.

“I love you. Is this not enough?”

He hugged her tightly and whispered into her ear:

“It’s more than enough.”[2]

Hugo couldn’t believe how much happiness this small woman brought to him. He wished there was someone to tell him if it was really okay for this to keep on being this way. He felt uneasy because it seemed like his fate, which had only been cruel to him, was suddenly acting fickle.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] His carriage flipped upside down and he died. Not sure how else to word this.

[2] Overflowing is the exact word used here but I tweaked it to make sense.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (1)

The Queen gave birth to a baby girl. Hugo heard of the princess’ birth while he was with the King. When Kwiz heard that a princess was born, he was greatly delighted.

“Hahaha! A princess?”

It was not a fake mask; Kwiz was truly delighted. Hugo had heard the King say in passing, several times, that he wanted a baby girl. Hugo just let it pass since it wasn’t any of his concern but seeing Kwiz’s vivid delight made him feel strange. Kwiz already had three sons, so Hugo didn’t know why having one more child was making him so excited.

“Gong, isn’t it time to hear news from you too?”[1]

“...Not yet.”

“Think about it, a daughter that resembles the Duchess whom you treasure so much. Well, this King has to go see the Princess. A princess, huh. It’s a princess.”

The King cancelled the rest of his afternoon schedule, so Hugo was on the way home, earlier than usual. Inside of the carriage, Hugo gave a long sigh. News of the princess’ birth would soon reach his wife.

The sight of his wife being unable to take her gaze off the Queen protruding stomach still floated in his mind.

[If someone knowing your secret will bring you pain, you don’t need to tell anyone.]

Looking back on it, she showed unconditional understanding. She didn’t ask for the exact reason why Hugo didn’t want a child, she just accepted it.

[...But the secret could cause you pain.]

[If that happens, I’ll cling to you for answers.][2]

His wife lied. No matter how much pain his secret caused her, she was the type to swallow it down alone, and never cling to him for an answer.

‘I have to...tell her.’

When he got home, his wife was out. The tea party she said that she would be attending today was not yet over. After asking Jerome to notify him when his wife returned, he went into his office. Not long after, he heard that his wife had returned and went out to meet her.

“How come you’re here?”

Lucia was happy as if she had received an unexpected gift. She smiled brightly and nestled into his arms.

“Was the tea party fun?”

“It was a little enjoyable.”

Hugo wrapped an arm around her waist and they engaged in light banter as they went up to the second floor.

“Why are you back early today?”

Lucia entered the receiving room, following his lead, and sat down on the sofa.

“You will hear the news soon. A princess was born.”

“Oh my, that’s great. Princess Katherine mentioned quite a few times that she wanted the baby to be a girl.”

And every time, Lucia answered Katherine with, ‘it will be a beautiful princess.’ Katherine thought she was just saying it out of courtesy, but Lucia already knew that a princess would be born.

“His Majesty was also happy.”

Hugo grew quiet and the conversation went dead momentarily. Seeing him this way, Lucia could feel that there was something difficult for him to get out, and a worry emerged in her mind.

“Nothing happened to Damian, right?” (Lucia)

“...Why Damian, all of a sudden?” (Hugo)

“I think because we were talking about a newborn baby, my mind went to Damian.”

“The boy is fine. Nothing will happen to him.”

“It’s alright if he’s fine. Why do you get skittish when I bring Damian up?”

“What? Skittish?”

“You’re the child’s father, don’t try to fight a battle of nerves with your son.”[3]

“I’m not fighting a battle of nerves...Sigh. Yes, yes. I’m sorry that I’m small-minded.”

Lucia laughed, cupped his face with both hands and gave him a light peck on the lips.

“It’s fine even if you’re small-minded. I love you.”

“...Shouldn’t you tell me I’m not small-minded?”

“Actually, there’re sometimes when your small-mindedness...”

Lucia paused, sending him a strange gaze and seeing his sour face, she burst into laughter.

“...I think you’ve changed.”

“What?”

The more time passed, the more Hugo was drawn to her. For a while, he gazed at his wife as she tilted her head at him.

No matter how one looked at it, his wife was smaller and weaker than him. However, on the contrary, he was in the weaker position and the one playing to his wife’s mood. But the biggest problem was that, it didn’t feel bad at all.

Hugo brought his head forward and gave her a short kiss. Her eyes widened into circles and her eyes curved beautifully as she smiled. Her smiling visage was so pretty that he couldn’t help but kiss her a few more times.

Even as they talked about the newly born princess, his wife looked to be in a good mood. Her bright smile was the opposite of his worries and made his cheer up.

“Speaking of a baby.” (Hugo)

“The newborn princess?” (Lucia)

“No. Our baby.” (Hugo)

Lucia doubted her ears. She could not believe the expression, ‘our baby’ came from his mouth. Her heart thumped loudly. Lucia swallowed a nervous breath; her expression was glassy as if it would crack at the slightest touch.

“I told you a long time ago, that I have a secret I cannot tell anyone.” (Hugo)

“...Yes.” (Lucia)

“I still can’t tell you everything about it. But I think you should know some of it.”

And then Hugo went silent. It was Lucia’s first time seeing him finding it hard to say something. Lucia was about to say, ‘You don’t have to say it’. And at that moment, he opened his mouth and began to speak in solemn tone.

“I cannot give you a child. The Taran family is a cursed family.”

Translator’s Corner:

[1] As explained before, get/hear news is about pregnancy.

[2] I previously translated this as I’ll turn to you. In a way, they mean the same thing but this fits better, context wise.

[3] AKA, psychological warfare.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 111 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Chapter 111 [part 2]

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (1)

Edited by: ShadowDog

T/N: Conversations that take place in the past are italicized.

Hugo explained his family situation to Lucia by mixing in some proper truths with lies. Some parts were revealed, and some parts were hidden.

He revealed that his family couldn’t be continued without relations between close relatives, but he changed it to cousin instead of half-sister. He said that in order for an unrelated woman to bear a child, they would have to eat a special herb instead blood.

Lucia’s expression constantly changed as she listened to him and after sorting out her thoughts for a moment, she opened her mouth.

“You have to marry a female cousin to have a son. Otherwise, you have to take a special herb from the moment of purity. And the only person who knows what that special herb is, is the ducal physician, Sir. Philip.”

“I know it sounds crazy.”

“I don’t mean I don’t believe you. So then, Damian’s mother was your cousin.”

“...Basically.”

Lucia was very confused but after thinking about it, it made sense. Despite the fact that there were many women around him, he had no illegitimate children and she could also understand why he was so unconcerned about birth control from their first night.

‘Cousins...?’

Xenon’s law forbid the marriage of blood relatives within the second cousin. However, there were quite a lot of countries that allowed marriage of cousins; in particular, royal families were tolerant of marriages between close relatives. The fact that he showed strong aversion to the intermarriage of cousins was strange. He didn’t seem like the type to be so sensitive to moral discipline.

‘Is it closer than a cousin...like marriage within the immediate family?’

Lucia stopped thinking about it in depth. She didn’t want to start digging up things that he didn’t say.

“Then, there must be a woman who was designated to marry you.”

“She’s dead. And there is no such woman in the Taran family anymore. The only people left of the Taran bloodline are Damian and I. Even if there was such a woman, I wouldn’t marry to have a child. I thought my family bloodline would end with me. I told you. It is cursed. I wanted to end this cursed lineage.”

As Lucia dealt with her complicated feelings, her senses were jolted to attention. He was strongly disillusioned with his family as well as himself. He seemed like he was made of steel but in actuality, he was wounded inside. The ache in Lucia’s heart made her feel like she was going to cry.

“You are not a curse, Hugh. A child as lovely as Damian cannot be curse either. I am grateful for you being in this world. If you were not in this world, you wouldn’t have met me and I, you. So please, love yourself as much as I love you.”

Hugo placed his hands on the hands of his wife that were on his face and closed his eyes. Maybe he would not be able to love himself until the day he died. But at least, he wouldn’t curse the fact that he was alive. Just like she said, he was able to meet her because he was alive.

“So that’s why you said you don’t want a child.”

“It’s not because I don’t want a child with you.”

“Yes, I understand.”

Lucia replied, feeling numb.

“I would love to see your child if bearing one was possible.”

Lucia’s eyes took on a shine.

“You said you didn’t like to have a child.” (Lucia)

“I still don’t like it. But your child is fine.” (Hugo)

“Do you...does that mean that, if I was with our child, you would have happily accepted it?”

“Gladly. And I mean it.”

“I believe you.”

The fact that he was ready to be a father even though it was impossible for a child to be born between the two of them greatly touched Lucia’s heart. He was a man that didn’t like children but he said he would like her child. She could feel his deep love for her.

“Thank you, Hugh. I understand you. I am fine. Ah...then that means Damian cannot have a child either. I hope it doesn’t hurt the kid.”

“...You’re thinking of the boy in the midst of this?”

“Of course. I am his mother, Hugh. You must tell Damian about this.”

“I’ll take care of it.”

Lucia felt drained of all her energy. Even though she thought she had given up, she was still unable to let of her tiny lingering attachment. She didn’t want to show him such a side of her. She tried to show him a bright smile.

But tears came to her eyes, due to a mixture of unavoidable sadness, and relief because everything was off her chest. Lucia tried to smile as she wiped away her tears. When she saw the immense pain in his eyes, her heart hurt as well.

“I’m sorry.” (Hugo)

“Why are you apologizing to me?” (Lucia)

Hugo felt his heart ache and he hugged her.

“And here I was, trying not to cry. I think I’m so awfully weak.” (Lucia)

“What are you talking about?” (Hugo)

Hugo sighed deeply.

“I have never seen any woman stronger than you.” (Hugo)

Hugo silently held onto Lucia for a while as she cried. There was no difference from the time when he was frustrated by his own powerlessness as he watched his brother die. For the first time in his life, Hugo thought he wanted to cry.

* * *

Peaceful days flowed by quickly.

Lucia went to a bakery downtown in the city with the noblewomen who were at the tea party. After hearing the fuss of one noblewoman about how fantastic the cake tasted in a newly opened bakery, they were all enchanted to go with her and Lucia also joined them.

For a few days now, she had been strangely craving something sweet. Lucia ate two pieces of cake at the bakery and packed a few more pieces. On the way back home, the small flakes of snow fluttered outside her carriage window.

‘It would be nice if it didn’t turn into a shower of snow...’

When the snow piled up, it was difficult for carriages to move and accidents were also more frequent. Knowing that Hugo was coming back late today, she grew worried. He had become more busy as the chief of the King’s new ambitiously formed central administrative structure. The days when he came back past midnight had dramatically increased. So Lucia often went to bed alone first.

She usually didn’t talk about her husband’s work outside, but a few days ago, she grumbled that she wanted him to quit. When Lucia said, ‘Quit’. I don’t have enough time to spend with you’, the look in his eyes told her that he wanted her to say more. Lucia smiled gently as she recalled the sight of him grumbling alone after she feigned ignorance.

There were only ten days left before the year came to an end. Lucia was planning to wrap up her social activities for the year with the charity party tomorrow. The rest of the year would be spent mellowing out at home and then she would start the next year with the New Year party.

‘Wow. The year is over already.’

Lucia looked back on the past year in the capital’s high society where little events kept happening constantly. The biggest event of the year was no doubt, the birth of Princess Selena.

The young princess was growing up beautifully, being showered with the love and concern of the royal couple and her three elder brothers.

And the next event, was Katherine’s marriage. Katherine accepted a suitor and got married within a few months. The marriage happened a year earlier than in the future Lucia had seen. Her marriage partner was a foreigner. He was an international business magnate that held titles in several countries as a Marquis of Xenon’s ally.

Kwiz allowed the marriage and conferred a title on the condition that he would stay in Xenon for 1/3 of a year. A few days before her marriage, Katherine told Lucia this:

“I was envious because you looked happy, Duchess. So, I wanted to get married. Do you think I can have a happy marriage like yours, Duchess?”

“Of course. You will be happy. I am cheering for you, Sister.” [1]

Katherine cast a surprised look at Lucia before beaming at her.

“Thank you, Vivian.”

Katherine married and left the country, following her husband. She had been living in her husband’s homeland and sent word that she would be coming back in the late spring next year.

The future that Lucia saw in her dream had changed a lot. Count Alvin, who would have become Katherine’s husband, married Sofia. Marquis Dekhan who would have married Sofia, remained single after his wife, the Marquess, passed away.

Lucia no longer dwelled on her memory in the dream. Sometimes, when things happened in sync with her memory or there was a discrepancy, she thought about it momentarily and laughed to herself. She also felt that the memories of her dream, which used to be very clear, had become increasingly blurry.

Upon returning home, Lucia retired to bed early. Maybe it was due to riding in the carriage for a long time, but she found herself extremely tired.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] She calls her ‘Unni’, hence why Katherine was surprised. Unni basically means ‘big sis’.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Lucia Chapter 112 [part 1]

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (2)

“...vian!!”

Lucia’s eyes flashed open at the strong roar that shook her senses. She breathed heavily as air surged into her lungs as if her breathing was suddenly unblocked. Her eyes shook with urgency as they swept through her surroundings.

A strong force was on Lucia’s back, lifting her upper body and holding onto her shoulders. A large hand stroked her forehead that was soaked with cold sweat.

“...Hugh?”

He held her to his sturdy chest with his strong arms and gently patted her back as their heartbeats drummed against each other. Then he repeatedly whispered in her ear that it was okay.

It was only then that Lucia realized that she was trembling like she had gotten a cold. The dark bedroom and his embrace made her come to.

‘Ah. This is reality.’

The despair where she was falling down a bottomless floor was a dream. That was a dream and this was reality. Her trembling slowly settled down, and her sweat-soaked nightgown cooled, bringing down her temperature.

“Did you have a nightmare? I shook you a few times, but couldn’t wake you up.”

“...Yes. It was a scary dream.”

It was the first time that the dream of the future which she saw when she was twelve, came back again as a dream. It was a memory of the night when the Count Matin household was exterminated. The terribly long time she spent hiding alone in a dark secret space, holding her breath and trembling. She didn’t know why she suddenly had such a nightmare.

Her trembling had settled down to some extent but upon seeing how anxious and restless she was, like a rabbit that was caught in a trap and survived, Hugo had grave look in his eyes.

“Should I call a doctor?”

“No. I was just...a little...shocked.”

“Do I get you water?”

Lucia nodded her head but when Hugo tried to stand up, she was startled and clung tightly to him.

“Ah, no. I’m fine. Just...stay...like this...”

“...I won’t go, so relax. You have to change your clothes. If you stay like this, you’ll catch a cold. I’ll call the maid. Is that okay?”

“...Yes.”

Hugo pulled the rope to call the maid and asked her to get a few things he needed. He fed Lucia a cup of lukewarm water, wiped her sweaty body with a warm towel, and then changed her into a dry nightwear. His touch was unhurried, gentle and careful, like a parent looking after a little child.

Lucia was filled with happiness. If this moment was a dream, she didn’t want to wake up forever. Fortunately, this was reality, but the fact that it couldn’t last forever because it was reality, was sad.

With her body completely left up to him, Lucia followed along as he lay her body down on the bed. She rested her head on his shoulders and his arms around her waist and back were reassuring.

He gently kissed her forehead, eyes and lips before moving away. His hands, which were slowly sweeping up and down her back, gave her silent comfort. Gradually, she drifted off to sleep.

***

It wasn’t very often that she felt his temperature when she woke up in the morning. When Lucia opened her eyes, she gazed at his handsome side profile, mesmerized. She moved her body, tilted her head and kissed his chin. She smiled faintly when she saw him open his eyes. He returned the smile and tightened his arm wrapped around her waist, pulling her towards him then he kissed her lightly on the lips.

“Did you sleep well?”(Hugo)

“Yes, what of you? You were up at dawn because of me.”(Lucia)

“I slept well enough to make up for it. Why did you need me in the morning?”

“What...?”

“You said I should stay back in the morning.”

“Ah...that...”

Lucia thought she only said that to herself, but it must have slipped out of her mouth.

“I must have been sleep talking. You didn’t have to worry about it.”

“I also need to arrange for you to see the doctor.”

“See the doctor for what?”

“Last night, you didn’t sense me lying down at all, you were fast asleep. You were also restless and awake at dawn. Plus, I think your body temperature is hot.”

Lucia thought he was making a mountain out of a molehill, but eventually, she couldn’t stop him from calling a doctor. The doctor meticulously asked about this and that, examined her, and then said that there was nothing wrong. Lucia gave her husband a side-eye as if saying ‘see what I mean’.

“The tiredness and craving for sweet things that you mentioned are common symptoms that women often have before their menstruation start. Will your period not be coming soon? Have you ever experienced such menstrual symptoms before?”

The doctor who was newly hired two months ago, did not know about Lucia’s amenorrhea yet. After sending the doctor out, Lucia wondered about the symptoms that she had never experienced before.

Now that she thought about it, after her menstruation started again in her dream, she seemed to have always kept sweet snacks around her house. Lucia had to postpone her thinking because her husband was coming onto her. After taking away the hand that kept trying to dig inside her chest area, Lucia asked him.

“Aren’t you busy?”

“Nope.”

“Well then, I would like to try playing around in bed.”[1]

“Hmm.”

When Hugo’s hand burrowed between her thighs, Lucia was startled and swatted away his hand.

“Not that! Lying in bed, drinking tea, having breakfast. I want to lazy around like that. With you.”

“Doesn’t sound bad. Let’s do one round first.”

“You won’t end at one! I want to drink tea! I want to have breakfast! In bed!”

When Lucia stubbornly refused, Hugo removed his hand that was persistently groping her body as a sign of surrender.

“All right. Ask them to bring the tea you want to drink so much.”

Lucia laughed contentedly and pulled the rope to call the maid. Hugo propped his chin and flatly looked at his wife who looked as excited as a child going on a picnic. He looked full of dissatisfaction as if his tasty candy had been taken away.

Hugo thought his wife was still like a innocent child.

Most aristocrat’s lifestyles involved gathering at feasts or meetings late at night, falling asleep at dawn and waking up late in the mornings. For them, it was a daily routine to take a simple leisurely breakfast in bed and drink tea. But that routine did not apply to the ducal couple of Taran.

Lucia’s social activities were mostly at daytime, in the afternoon, and she came home late at sunset. Hugo also returned home in the evening when he was not particularly busy. Hugo’s wakeup time was around dawn and Lucia was the type to wake up early in the morning.

Due to this, they had no chance to have a lazy breakfast, late in the morning. It was something everyone did daily, but Lucia never had the chance to, so she wanted to try it.

A mild tea fragrance filled the bedroom. Lucia took a sip of the tea and savored its fragrance as she watched the maids move around busily in preparation. She leaned on him comfortably, with a cushion on her back as she sipped the tea, and with her wishes fulfilled, she was in a very good mood.

“Will you be late today?”

“The same as usual. You?”

“The charity party I’m going to today is ending in the evening.”

“So you only have the charity party in your itinerary today?”

“I have one tea party before that.”

A simple picnic table with a simple breakfast was placed onto the bed. It was a typical breakfast with freshly squeezed honey, pancakes, and two cups of milk.

“The milk in the right cup was brought by the milk supplying merchant, he said that it is a new product with a new processing method. There is a difference in price, but more people are looking for it because it has more flavor than the previous one.”

Lucia picked up the right cup of milk. When she took a sip, her mouth was overwhelmed with flavor.

“Try some of this. It’s delicious.”

Hugo glanced at the cup of milk held out by Lucia then he lowered his head and licked her lips with his tongue while sucking on them. Then as if nothing had happened, he lifted his head and shrugged his shoulders.

“It tastes like milk.”(Hugo)

Lucia stared at him with her face blazing red, then she quickly looked around. The servants tactfully dodged her eyes and acted like they didn’t see anything.

It wasn’t that the servants of the ducal residence were acting like they weren’t surprised at their master couple’s generous display of affection, rather, they had truly reached the stage where they weren’t surprised anymore. Lucia couldn’t say anything because there were a lot of eyes around, so she tried to let it pass over with a casual attitude.

“What...do you think? Will it be better to change it?”

“Do what you want. You’re the only child who drinks milk in this house anyways.”

“...child?”

“Child.”

He replied amidst chuckles and she gave him a sidelong scowl, speechless. He was acting grumpy because of her refusal to do it earlier.

He called her a child? Was that something that someone who was repeatedly stroking her waist and thighs should say? In the eyes of others, the two of them only seemed to be sitting together snugly on the bed, but where others couldn’t see, his hand refused to stay still.

Lucia grabbed his hand which was groping under the blanket, took it off, then she looked at him and shrugged.

“You said I’m a child.”

Hugo’s eyes narrowed and he buried his head in her neck.

“Uwa!”

Hugo lightly suppressed her flailing figure and bit one side of her neck before sucking and licking it. It smarted but was also ticklish and tingling. Lucia shrunk her body with a groan but when he let her go, she came to her senses.

At some point, it was only the two of them left and all the servants had already disappeared quickly. Not only that, the servants that were quick on the uptake had put the picnic table at the bottom of the bed as if the two of them were about to having a good time.

Lucia’s face flushed bright red. Even with Lucia’s gaze condemning his atrocity, Hugo was satisfied to see the dark red mark left strongly on her neck.

“Why are you like this! Seriously!”

He impassively watched her fists pounding his chest then he effortlessly caught her wrists, lifted them up, swallowed her panting lips and pushed her down in one swift motion.

His wife struggled, refusing to give up and he licked her ears to tease her.

“Don’t do that!”(Lucia)

“No.”

Hugo was amused as she looked up to meet his eyes, looking like she was about to get angry. The playful atmosphere became heated in less than no time.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] The word she used can mean fooling around, playing around, wasting time, etc. Bad choice of words imo lol.

*Fluffffffffffffffffff.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 112 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (2)

“Ah...Ng...”

The two combined bodies moved to an obscene rhythm. Her slender legs were wrapped around his firm waist and her body shook along with his movements as he moved his waist. Her nasal erotic cries went off and on continuously and his lips continued to greedily devour her entire body.

Sunlight, signaling the time of the day, shone inside the room, lighting up even the corners of the bedroom. Hugo was filled with satisfaction because with the morning light, he could see even the slightest fluctuation in her eyes.

The sensation of his penis buried inside her wet flesh was pleasure in of itself. He took a rough breath and squeezed himself into her. The feeling of her tender flesh clinging to him was thrilling. He rubbed against her roughly and thrust deep inside her.

Her faint seductive cry was mixed with sobs. He knew where her favorite spot was and when he hit that spot strongly, she cried out in pleasure.

Due to the intense sex in the morning, the morning time flew by. Lucia was already tired out from morning exercise and her whole body felt listless, making the day ahead looked gloomy. As the afterplay grew longer, Lucia secretly grew worried.

“No...more. I have to get ready and go out.”

He still didn’t undo their union and continued to plant kisses all over her body. Lucia pushed his chest with both hands and whined.

“Hugh.”

“I hear you.”

He kissed her as if giving a finishing touch and the feeling of him pulling out his member was so vivid that she flinched.

“I’ll pick you up in the evening.”

“It won’t be that late. The place is also not far from the mansion.”

He came down from the bed without replying and put on his robe.

Lucia looked at him and gave a little sigh. She sat up and picked up her nightgown that was sprawled at her feet. Two or three times a month, if she had an evening schedule, he would always come to pick her up.

It wasn’t that she didn’t like him coming to pick her up. It really wasn’t but....

His hand suddenly grabbed her chin and lifted her face up, catching Lucia by surprise.

“Why do you tell me not to come every time?” (Hugo)

The red eyes that met hers were cold.

“Last time, I definitely said I was going to pick you up, but I was a little late and you came home first. Is there something troublesome to you if I go?” (Hugo)

Lucia could see that he was clearly unhappy so she studied him carefully.

“...it’s because of the rumors.”(Lucia)

“Rumors?” (Hugo)

Lucia did not attend balls where she wasn’t accompanied by her husband, unless it was a special event that she had to attend. She usually didn’t go out to events other than social gatherings with simple refreshments, such as tea parties. If there was a rare evening gathering, her husband always came to pick her up.

Due to that, there were rumors slowly going around about the couple. To be more precise, there were rumors aimed at the Duke of Taran. They whispered that the Duke of Taran had delusional jealousy, so he had almost confined the Duchess to their home.

The person rumored about was usually the last to find out so Lucia only heard it for the first time when someone indirectly said it as a joke. She couldn’t believe her ears and was completely speechless.

Delusional jealousy?! Confinement?! What sort of ridiculous statement is that?!

Lucia was the type to avoid crowdy venues and events. Which is why she didn’t really go to balls, and sometimes when she was late, her husband came to pick her up because he was worried.

“I don’t know how you can bluntly say that it’s someone else’s business.”

Looking at Lucia who was trembling from anger, Hugo had an expression that said it wasn’t a big deal.

‘Confinement, huh.’

He really wanted to if he could. If Lucia could read his mind now, she would be shocked. But Hugo did not make the foolish mistake of revealing his pitch-black thoughts.

Hugo’s nerves were on edge due to containing all the men that were leering at his wife. The fact that she was married and her husband had a formidable reputation, did not hinder them from approaching her.

It was not for an enormous purpose, such as a conspiracy to deal with the Duke. It was just that exchanging romantic love letters or having light public dates prevailed in the country. Such things did not count as an affair.

Lucia didn’t know any of this, but Hugo had intercepted quite a few attempts to give her flowers or letters. If he had his way, he wanted to pick off all the bastards pestering her, one by one, and crush them. But doing such a thing would truly get him branded as a nut case with delusional jealousy in the high society.

His wife was blooming like a flower in full bloom every day. At first glance, she seemed innocent, then sometimes, like a mature woman, and other times, like a pure girl. It was only natural that eyes were drawn to her, seeing as she was adorned in the finest dresses and jewelry and exuded charm.

Hugo held her neck and kissed her intensely. He took his lips off hers and seeing her misty eyes, he barely managed to suppress his surging desire.

“You’re taking your maid, right?”

“I always take my maid with me.”

“Two people.”

“Yes. I know. Two people.”

After the incident at the founding party, Lucia always went around with two maids.

“Don’t separate from your guard.”

“I got it.”

“I may be a little late. I’ll be waiting for you. Don’t talk to some other guy.”

“Oh geez, the nagging.”

Lucia burst into laughter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (3)

Simply acting like she knew the noblewomen when she talked to them was not an easy task.

“Duchess, have you been well?”

“Countess, it has been a while.”

Countess Glenn has been at her parent’s home, away from the capital, for a while due to her mother’s illness. The Countess’ return was either because her mother’s illness had gotten better, or because it had gotten worse, and the latter case was more likely.

As expected, when Lucia asked, the Countess replied with a dull smile. Lucia comforted the Countess. And after they were done greeting each other, the Countess introduced the young lady that was standing next to her.

“This is my distant relative from my hometown.” (Countess)

As soon as Lucia heard the introduction of Sonia, daughter of Baron Park, her expression stiffened.

‘She’s that woman.’

The woman who was her husband’s wife in her future dream. Lucia vividly remembered the Duchess who went around the social activities with an aloof expression on her face. Lucia did not know that she would meet the woman this soon, so her mind was not prepared at all.

“It is an honor to meet you, Duchess.”

She was a young lady with a cute, cheerful smile and curly hair. Sonia smiled shyly, different from how Lucia remembered. Her attitude revealed her inexperience in socializing as her eyes wandered everywhere, fascinated by the luxurious party. It was a huge contrast to the figure that swept through parties and events in Lucia’s dream.

Lucia felt like her body had gone stone cold from her fingertips. She had not felt this dreadful when she encountered the Count of Matin. It was in a different future, but it was still a woman whom her husband had personally chosen and married.

There was no way of ever knowing how the relationship between her husband and the Duchess was in her dream. It could have been a simple contract marriage like the rumors claimed, or perhaps they were a closer couple than that.

It was a future that would never come to pass in reality. Even though Lucia knew that, she had a terrible bitter taste in her mouth.

In the carriage that was taking her home, along with her husband who came to pick her up, Lucia’s mood continued to be low.

“Did something happen?”

Lucia merely shook her head. She was mad at him for no reason. She felt like if she opened her mouth, she would get irritated at him. There was a part of her that knew that she was in a very strange state. She felt that she would feel better when she got some sleep.

“I’m tired. I will go to bed early.”

Hugo left his wife alone for the time being when he saw that she was acting different from usual. He thought to himself that if she continued to be this ‘spiky’ when she woke up, he would thoroughly dig into why she was like that.

* * *

The surroundings were dark when Lucia opened her eyes. The tears refused to stop flowing and her whole body trembled. He had coldly turned around in front of her and left.

It was a dream, but when she recalled that scene, it felt like a sharp awl was stabbed into her heart and she couldn’t breathe. She fumblingly crawled down the bed.

‘I have to...I have to see him. Where is he?’

Lucia opened the bedroom door noisily and ran, with only the thought of seeing him on her mind. It felt like someone was calling her but she couldn’t hear it properly.

As soon as she opened his office door and rushed in, she found him sitting behind his desk, facing the side. When she saw him turn around with a surprised look on his face, she lost strength in her legs and sank to the floor.

Only then did the breathlessness from running settle down as air flooded into her chest. She pushed against the floor with both hands, her chest heaving up and down as she fought for breath. A large hand caught her by the shoulders and lifted her up.

“What’s the matter?”

He approached her in the blink of an eye and his familiar smell gave her relief and a sense of anxiety. Tears suddenly rushed to Lucia’s eyes. Hugo’s red eyes gazing upon her were greatly shaken. He pulled Lucia into a strong embrace.

“What’s wrong, hm?”

It was a soft, soothing voice. Lucia buried her face deep in his chest and her shoulders heaved up and down. Hugo felt her body shaking in his embrace and his complexion stiffened.

“Call the doctor!”

Hugo yelled when he saw the servants standing around not knowing what to do and his irritation soared. Upon not seeing Jerome, he looked for him with his eyes then he remembered that Jerome was momentarily away because he had an issue to deal with. Lucia, who was in his arms, furiously shook her head back and forth. Hugo held her tighter in his arms before speaking.

“I shouldn’t call the doctor?”

She nodded without replying. Hugo sighed then he discovered her bare feet and frowned. Even the nightwear she was wearing wasn’t very thick.

He gestured for the people gathered around them to leave. Then he hugged her tightly and scooped her up. He sat down on the sofa with her in his arms, covered her with a blanket and gently stroked her hair as she still had her head buried in his chest.

A firm hand was pressed against her back and patting her gently. Feeling the comfortable pressure on her back, Lucia’s senses that were half-gone slowly returned. But she just couldn’t stop the tears that were flowing again.

Hugo continued to plant kisses on Lucia’s eyes and cheeks that were wet with tears. Lucia felt like her chest was in more pain and curled her body. The tears continued to flow. Remnant images of the dream were still in her head and tormenting her.

Don’t leave me! Ah, it really hurts![1]

Lucia grasped at her chest with a scream that didn’t leave her mouth.

“What exactly is going on? You have to tell me or I won’t know, Vivian. Don’t cry. Tell me what’s wrong.”

Hugo’s low voice was smeared with worry. After crying continuously with her head buried in his chest, Lucia got exhausted and fell asleep.

Hugo carried his wife to her bedroom and tried to lay her down but he didn’t want to remove her hands, which were clutching tightly to his clothes as if she was uneasy.

He instructed the servants to bring his documents up to the bedroom, then he leaned his wife against his chest with one arm, and looked at documents with his other arm.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Literal translation is: [Ah, I really feel like I’ll die]. Which in the context basically represents agony so I went with pain but I’m not sure if this is the best translation here. If you got something better, shoot your shot.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 113 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Peaceful day-to-day life — > (3)

Her body, which was lazily leaning on him, stirred slightly. Lucia slowly opened her eyes and blinked a few times as if she was still half asleep. Even though Lucia was aware that her head wasn’t on the bed but on his chest, her mind was moving very slow.

Her head was blank, so she lifted her gaze and saw him reading a document. He turned his head and met her gaze. His red eyes were tinged with warmth and he kissed Lucia’s lips.

“...I had a strange dream.”

“What was the dream about?”

“I ran to your office and...”

Lucia’s expression gradually stiffened as she talked. Her running to his office was not a dream. Hugo gave a sigh and put down his documents.

“Before you dreamt of running to my office, did you have a worse dream? What kind of dream was it?”

His gently appeasing tone and voice alleviated the suffocating tension in Lucia’s heart.

“...You...”

“Me?”

“...You cheated.”

“...”

After saying that, Lucia felt something suddenly surge in her chest.

“You left me. You went to that woman.”

Her voice trembled, and tears welled in her eyes. Her vision blurred and when she blinked her eyes, tears slid down her cheeks.

“Vivian.”

He licked the trail of her flowing tears and pecked the corner of her eyes. Hugo lay her down on the bed and climbed over her. He leaned his weight on his elbow and looked closely into her eyes.

“I love you.” (Hugo)

Lucia experienced a small miracle in which his short phrase instantly pacified her whimsically fluctuating mood.

“Me too...I love you.” (Lucia)

“Did I make a mistake that would make you think such a thing?”

“...The woman in the dream had a big bust.”

Hugo quietly gazed at his wife whose mutterings was more like her grumbling, then he sighed deeply. If only he could know who exactly told her that he liked busty women; he wanted to grind them to dust.

His liking of a woman’s bustiness was not because he had a special preference, it simply meant that he liked breasts because he was a man. Never had another woman come into his eyes nor had he ever looked at their chest.

“I like your breasts.”

Her face reddened at his soft whisper and got even redder when his hand wove into her nightwear and squeezed her breasts.

“It’s soft, silky and when I touch it a little like this...it stiffens.”

He kneaded the mounds of her breast and gently twisted her nipple between his fingers.

“And when I lick it, it’s sensitive enough that it trembles.”

While holding her breast in a slight grip, revealing them, Hugo circled around her nipple with his tongue then he bit hard on the tip. She flinched in response and cried out.

“I really do love your breasts.”

His knee came in between Lucia’s legs and his thigh found its way to her private place. Her round eyes were looking at him and her face was dyed redder than ever.

“Honestly, I like this place more.”

Hugo caught her squirming wrists with one hand and held them up while his other hand went inside her underwear and rubbed the area between her legs.

Her insides had started to get wet with a moist, sticky liquid and allowed his fingers easy entry.

“It’s already so wet. I think I’m the one who should be worried. Because your body is so erotic.”

It was embarrassing and shameful. Even though she was annoyed by his taunting words, it sent chills up her spine. His hand holding her wrists had disappeared at some point but it throbbed as if she was still being held down, so she couldn’t move.

Her nightwear was rolled up and her underwear was peeled off. His two hands spread her thighs open and she felt him staring at the space between.

“Ah!”

Something hot touched her lower abdomen. His lips kissed her petite entrance and sucked on it. The tip of his tongue burrowed inside. Lucia’s waist sprang up of its own accord.

“Ah! Ang...”

His lips moved harder as he sucked the liquid flowing from her body while his tongue slipped in and out of her. Lucia’s vision momentarily flickered and her body quivered at the feeling of climax.

He lifted his head and wiped his glossy lips with his hand then he smiled at her. Lucia just couldn’t open her eyes to look at him. Her face felt like it was on fire and her heart was pounding so loud that she felt like it could be heard.

Hugo lifted his body and lowered his trousers. His erection sprang free, already standing firm. He held his pulsating member and brought it to her small folds then he pushed his waist forward in one single thrust.

“Hk...”

Lucia’s body throbbed intensely. She couldn’t breathe because he was too big and the sensation of him filling her to the brim was too much for her.

A sigh mixed with a moan escaped from Hugo’s mouth. Even though he was just staying still, he felt like he was going to cum. His wife really had a ridiculous dream. She dreamt that he left this body and fooled around? Nothing could replace this hot, narrow, melting insides of hers.

Hugo began to move his waist and slowly and gradually increased his speed. There were a few things that he needed to deal with urgently, but they had already flown out of his head long ago.

As he felt the stimulation from her insides squirming and squeezing him and listened to her faint moans and erotic cries, blood rushed to his lower abdomen and he felt giddy.

Her hot inner walls were like they were wrapping around his heart. He was engulfed by the feeling of satisfaction beyond physical pleasure.

Lucia was moaning in his arms and had no recollection of things at some point as if she had blanked out.

When she regained her senses, he was embracing her sideways from behind, holding the back of her neck and kissing her. His member which was filling her up from behind, was tender and moving slowly.

He moved subtly, rubbing inside her while her body felt languid and a small moan escaped her lips. His arm that was wrapped around her waist squeezed tighter, and his fingers gripped her breast harder.

“Have you calmed down a little?” (Hugo)

He bit her ear and sucked her earlobe. His lazy but subdued voice sounded very seductive. His hand persistently squeezed and kneaded her chest. Lucia recalled the grumbling she did earlier and nodded with a heated face.

“You know, I feel wronged that I was blamed for what I did in your dream. Is that really how you usually see me?” (Hugo)

“No. I was...being strangely unreasonable. I’m sorry.” (Lucia)

After coming around a little, Lucia was very embarrassed by her actions.

She had been ridiculously unreasonable. There was no need for her to be so sensitive after seeing that woman at the charity party. There was also no reason for her to be angry at him. Hadn’t she already seen many people’s relationships change from how she saw them in the dream? His wife now, was her, not that woman.

“Are you alright? You seem to keep having bad dreams.” (Hugo)

“I know, right?”

When Lucia thought about it, her irritation seemed to have also dramatically increased in the span of a few days. Yesterday, she raised her voice at the maid over a small issue. Lucia thought of herself as someone who wasn’t whimsical but this kind of sharp changes in mood were rather unsettling. Because it was an issue with her mood and not that she felt sick somewhere, Lucia didn’t know whether it should be viewed as something was wrong with her body or not.

“Aa...”

Lucia moaned faintly at the stimulation from him weakly rubbing against her inner walls. With her butt pressed against his thighs, he moved his waist smoothly, without pulling out, as if churning her insides.

The stimulation wasn’t fierce enough to be thrilling but it was a sinking feeling like her body had fallen into a swamp.

“I can’t believe you don’t trust me. I’m quite shocked.” (Hugo)

“...I was wrong.” (Lucia)

“No. I didn’t put enough effort.” (Hugo)

Hugo lay her down on her stomach, climbed over her and pressed down on her body.

“I will try harder from now on. Until you trust me.”

Realizing the meaning of his so-called effort, Lucia quickly cried out.

“I trust you. I said I trust you!”

She was tormented by him for a while and only after she proclaimed her love and trust for him dozens of times, was she released from complete exhaustion.

Translator’s Corner:

[Word of the day] areola: the area around the nipple. (I swear I didn’t know this before)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 [part 1]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (1)

Lucia was walking through an unknown forest. The forest was dense with towering trees, but the surrounding wasn’t dark at all. She treaded barefoot and the soft moss touching the bottom of feet was ticklish.

She walked through the forest like she was bewitched. With every step she took, the dense thicket and branches moved aside, as if making way for her. But she wasn’t amazed or fascinated by this. She just kept moving forward.

‘Ah...’

Lucia exclaimed, seeing the open space in front of her. It was a space in the shape of a small circle, like a cozy nest. Shallow vegetation that barely passed her ankles was spread out like a carpet. And in the middle of it all was a single tree, standing under the bright sunlight. It shone with a sacred radiance as if it were the only tree in the world.

Lucia approached the tree. Upon drawing nearer, she saw an unfamiliar red fruit, hanging appetizingly from the tree. She couldn’t take her eyes away from it because it was so beautiful. She wanted to pluck it and put it in her pocket but couldn’t because it looked too precious.

She circled around the tree for a moment then she stretched out her hand to the exceptionally red and beautiful smooth fruit. She took hold of it and pulled. The moment the fruit left the tree and was completely in her hands, bright light suddenly burst out from the fruit.[1]

~

Lucia’s eyes flashed open. The view around her was her familiar bedroom, with the morning light seeping in.

‘A dream...?’

It was a vivid enough dream that she felt like it was right in front of her eyes. Lucia was captivated by an inexplicably strange feeling on the morning of New Year’s Day that for a while, she just lay down on the bed with her eyes open.

* * *

“...ady. Milady.”

Lucia opened her eyes. Her maid was standing next to the bed. She willed her heavy-lidded eyes open and asked the maid for the time. It was late in the morning, with only two hours left till noon.

These days, she overslept practically every day. Today, it was three hours past her usual wake-up time. She had a lunch scheduled with the Queen today, so yesterday, she had asked her maid to wake her up if she slept in.

“Shall I bring water for you to wash your face?”

“Mm, sure.”

After the maid turned around and left, Lucia stretched while yawning widely.

‘Why am I so tired?’

She usually woke up early even if maid didn’t wake her up but nowadays when she opened eyes, it was always late in the morning and despite that, she didn’t feel like she had slept well. In addition, she had been taking naps for several days in a stretch. The number of times she was sleeping had increased too much so she couldn’t think of it as just spring fever due to the changes in season. Moreover, she was not the type to be sensitive to seasons.

Lucia was about to get up from the bed but then she froze, grabbed her stomach and leaned over. She was riddled with sharp stabs of pain in her lower belly as it tightened heavily. The pain quickly disappeared after a while, but Lucia’s expression was not good as she straightened up.

Her stomach ached in this manner for the last few days and she had no clue why. The pain didn’t last very long but it kept bothering her.

‘I should call the doctor once I come back from the palace.’

She didn’t have much time to prepare to go to the palace because she woke up late, so calling the doctor was pushed to the afternoon. She didn’t think it was really necessary to call the doctor since she wasn’t particularly ill, but her husband was very sensitive to her health. If she ignored the symptoms and it grew into something serious, the doctor would lose their job.

‘But Anna was a good person.’

After letting go of Anna, Lucia got to experience several doctors and found that not only was Anna capable skill-wise, but she was different from the others in that she was actively trying to treat her patient. The doctors that were brought in afterwards, whether it was in their diagnosing or prescribing medicine, it was obvious that they were trying to play it safe. With these doctors, Lucia maintained a formal, employer-employee relationship, nothing more, nothing less.

While Lucia was changing her clothes after washing up, the maid waiting on her said to her.

“Milady. Before Master left in the morning, he asked for the doctor to be called to take a look at you.”

Lucia recalled what he had said to her last night and chuckled.

[I think you’ve had a slight fever for a few days now. Get looked at tomorrow. You might be coming down with a cold.]

“I’ll get looked at as soon as I come back from the palace, tell the doctor that.”(Lucia)

“Yes, Milady.” (Maid)

Translator’s Corner:

[1] I’m sure many of you are like ‘wth’ for the first part. Although I am not Korean, I’m pretty sure the dream was a ‘tae-mong’ aka a conception dream. They usually involve fruits.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 114 [part 2]
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (1)

Beth warmly welcomed Lucia into the Queen’s Palace. They briefly greeted each other then Lucia asked about Princess Selena, the new princess.

Princess Selena was to be turning one year old in a couple of days. It was widely known that the King would be holding a huge party in celebration of her first birthday.

Unlike the moderate display of affection he showed to his sons, the King coddled his only daughter. Everybody knew how much he cherished his daughter.

“The princess is already getting into trouble, unlike a girl, it makes me worried.”

“You’re worrying too much. I heard that when they are a child, they have to cause a little trouble to grow up healthy. I was quite the tomboy when I was a child.”

“Oh my, you, Duchess? It doesn’t seem like that at all. But I feel slightly relieved after hearing what you said, Duchess.”

The dishes were placed on the table one by one. Braised rabbit liver in wine was served as an appetizer.

Lucia put a piece of the meat in her mouth, chewed, and her back broke out in cold sweat. The aroma of wine and rabbit liver mixed with the distinct smell of blood made her stomach churn.

Even though it was not a dish that she would usually enjoy eating, it wasn’t something that she couldn’t eat. She forced herself to eat a bite and rinsed her mouth with juice.

The sweet juice that she usually liked felt too sweet to her. She wanted to drink something sourer. She thought to herself that when she got home she would have a glass of lemon juice. Upon recalling the sour lemon flavor, her appetite returned.

She took a spoonful of the soup that was served after and knit her brows. The smell of onions, unique to onion soup, was nauseating. It had been several days since she ate onion soup because she had asked her servants not to serve it to her as of late.

It wasn’t to extent that she couldn’t force herself to eat but Lucia could only manage to take three to four more scoops before she placed down her spoon. She picked up the juice, gulping it down to wash away the onion taste in her mouth.

The main course was steak covered with truffles. It seemed that the Queen had paid a lot of attention to the dishes since fine cuisine that Lucia didn’t normally eat were served.

Even without putting it in her mouth, the unique smell of the truffles made her feel sick to her stomach.

Lucia endured and ate the steak while drinking juice again. Her hand was busy from start to finish, hurriedly filling up her empty glass of juice. After drinking three glasses of juice, Lucia drank water.

Beth, who was watching Lucia carefully, asked a handmaid to bring some soft bread. Lucia looked at Beth as the maid brought the white bread to her side.

She expressed her thanks to Beth, who was smiling, then she took the bread and bit into it. Thankfully enough, she was able to eat it without any irritation.

After the meal, simple snacks and tea were brought in. It wasn’t flower tea which had a strong smell, but a delicate and crispy tea made by boiling the roasted grains.

Lucia took a sip of the tea and felt her stomach calming down.

“I enjoy drinking this tea when my stomach feels uncomfortable. I don’t know if it suits Duchess’ tastes as well.”

“It is very delicious.”

Lucia hesitated for a moment then she asked.

“May I know how to make this tea?”

Beth laughed.

“Of course. I will tell you how to make it and bring some prepared ones for you to take back home with you. That said, it seems Duchess has good news.”

“Pardon?”

“In the early stage of pregnancy, the smell of food you usually have no problem eating aren’t the most pleasant. I suffered a lot because my symptoms were more on the unusual side. I survived on only bread and tea for a while.”

When she saw Lucia staring at her in a expression that said she didn’t understand, Beth exclaimed in surprised.

“Oh my goodness, you don’t seem to know yet. Well, it makes sense. Duchess is young, and it is your first child, so you might not know.”

Lucia finally understood what the Queen was talking about. And at the same time, she felt perplexed.

“No. That’s not possible.”

“Did the doctor say you’re not pregnant?”

“No but...”

“Then since we’re on this topic, shall I call a palace nurse?[1] It is not easy to diagnose pregnancy in the early stages. The palace nurse that was in charge of me until Selena was born is very skilled in the medical arts. She studied mysterious medicines in other countries and has a long history of experience with pregnant mothers. She checked the pulse on my wrist and discovered my pregnancy.”

Lucia didn’t stop the Queen from calling the palace nurse. She knew it shouldn’t be possible, but she couldn’t throw away the strange anticipation in her heart. She kept thinking that the condition of her body was strange. It didn’t hurt, nor did she feel ill, but it was obvious to her that something had changed overall.

The palace nurse who arrived upon summon from the Queen was quite advanced in age. The nurse politely asked for permission before taking Lucia’s wrist and pressing her fingers against Lucia’s pulse for a while.

“I cannot speak with confidence as Duchess is not someone that I usually treat. A woman’s pulse changes after she gets pregnant so if I had checked the Duchess’ pulse before and after, I could be fully sure, however, I can only say that in this current state, there is a high chance that Duchess is pregnant.”

The palace nurse asked Lucia several things about her symptoms. When Lucia was asked about her last menstrual period, she evasively answered that it was roughly last month. She couldn’t tell a palace nurse that wasn’t her doctor, about her infertility. After hearing about the other additional symptoms that appeared on Lucia’s body, the palace nurse nodded her head.

“These are typical early symptoms of pregnancy. There are some whose pregnancy symptoms appear after about two months and there are some who are sensitive, and it may appear at the beginning for them. If you are careful with your body for a while and your next period does not come, I think it is safe to say that you are pregnant.”

“Congratulations, Duchess. Duke Taran will be very pleased.”

Upon hearing Beth’s congratulations, Lucia barely managed to keep her expression under control. She was more confused than joyful. Something that definitely shouldn’t happen, happened.

Lucia considered the possibility that the outstandingly skilled palace nurse misdiagnosed. But the situation fit way too perfectly. When you looked at the several changes in Lucia’s body as pregnancy symptoms, there was no room for doubt.

Lucia continued to mull it over, even in the carriage heading home. Then suddenly, she recalled the dream she had had over a month ago. Even after she woke up, she felt strange and unlike other dreams which she forgot soon after waking up, the dream of that day was vivid and clear, as if she could still see it now.

Once she got home, she called the doctor and explain her infertility symptoms. She talked about everything, from the changes in her body recently to her body condition and the diagnosis she received from the palace nurse. The doctor tilted her head for a while in thought.[2]

“Milady’s symptoms appear to be typical symptoms of pregnancy. If even a palace nurse diagnoses it as such, it must be certain.”

“But as I said, I do not menstruate. Doesn’t that naturally mean infertility?”

“I cannot conclude that you are infertile because you do not menstruate. Milady experienced your first menstrual period, and a herb intake resulted in a strange anomaly. The human body had the tendency to treat itself. Perhaps Milady was treated on your own.”

In Lucia’s dream, Philip diagnosed her as infertile. But she couldn’t completely rule out the possibility that like the doctor said, her body might have treated itself. After all, in the dream, she never tried to have a child. Additionally, events in the dream didn’t always coincide perfectly with reality.

“Congratulations, Milady.”

The doctor thought it was rather strange that there were no children between the ducal couple. She hadn’t worked in the ducal household for very long but according to the servants, the relationship between the two was not just good, they was so passionate like newlyweds, that there was not a day where the two did not spend a night in the bedroom together. The servants chuckled amongst themselves that their master’s bedroom was cold even in the summer.

“Do you...really think that I am with a child?” (Lucia)

The doctor understood the Madam’s confused reaction. Expectant mothers usually felt more anxiety than joy at the beginning of their pregnancy; their changes in mood were severe and there were many cases of depression. A pregnant woman needed as much mental care as she did physical care.

Their husband had to help more than anyone else so that the expectant mother’s depression could be overcome more easily. The doctor thought to herself that she had to meet with the Duke separately and tell him about the precautions he had to take for the Madam.

“I am almost certain of it.” (Doctor)

“Does ‘almost’ mean that there is a possibility I am not pregnant?” (Lucia)

“Your situation is uncommon, Milady. Pregnancy is usually determined with menstruation. When strange symptoms like these appear on your body with its menstruation-less state, it can seen as pregnancy.” (Doctor)

Pregnancy was a common phenomenon but giving a certain diagnosis was quite difficult. Even if pregnancy symptoms appeared at the same time the menstruation stopped, and one’s stomach started to get bigger, there was a condition called phantom pregnancy. The doctor didn’t say anything about imaginary pregnancy in order not to aggravate the Madam’s anxiety.

“Please set your mind at ease first. It would be best to refrain from outdoor activities in the early stages and get plenty of sleep to avoid fatigue. And there is something you must be most careful about, Milady. You have to refrain from bedroom relations.”

Lucia came out of her daze upon hearing this and her face turned red.

“At least, definitely not now. Until we are certain that the child is growing up healthily, in other words, until your stomach starts to grow bigger, stimulation is forbidden.”

The doctor withdrew, and Lucia lay on the bed, disturbed by all sorts of thoughts. She thought of all the strange symptoms in her body and retraced them, one by one.

‘Now that I think about it, I have not had any headaches lately. Has it been a month? No. A month and a half? I don’t remember taking any headache medication for almost two months.’

She looked straight at the ceiling from her position on the bed and gently covered her lower belly with her hands. She didn’t feel anything. There was no evidence that could be seen with the bare eyes. But when she thought that there was a life growing inside of her, she felt like she was floating.

She didn’t know whether it was a good thing or bad since it was not for certain. Despite being unable to throw away her doubts since pregnancy should be impossible for her, the hopes of ‘maybe...’ were getting bigger. At this rate, if she was told that this was not pregnancy, she might not be able to recover from the shock.

‘Even if we say that my infertility was cured by my body on its own like the doctor said, according to what my husband said, I cannot get pregnant.’

She had explained the symptoms of her amenorrhea to the doctor, but she couldn’t talk about her husband’s secret, that is, the Taran lineage’s unusual constitution.

Her husband was no different from sterile. Lucia wasn’t a woman of the Taran bloodline that could get pregnant nor did she meet the conditions of being a normal, non-Taran woman that took a special herb from the moment of purity to prepare her body.

Her husband was convinced that he could not give her a child.

[Then it won’t be my child][3]

When Lucia recalled what he had said a long time ago when they were in the north, her heart sank with a thud. If he were to say the same thing again after hearing of her pregnancy, she wouldn’t just feel sad, it would be very painful. If he doubted her fidelity, she didn’t think she could bear it because she would hate him so much.

It was not yet certain if she was pregnant. Lucia wondered if she should tell him, or if she should keep her mouth shut for the time being since she didn’t know yet. One train of thought led to another and the worrying led to fear. Lucia lay on the bed, tossing and turning for a while then she fell asleep.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] The word used here, is not the word for doctor nor is it the word for imperial doctor. It directly translates to medical practitioner. I also assume it is a she. The author never states the palace nurse’s gender.

[2] I assume it is a ‘she’ here as well and henceforth. Unless I should just use ‘they’ for the ones with vague genders. My assumption is based on the time period, I doubt the King would let a male in the Queen’s quarters, just as I doubt Hugo would let a male into Lucia’s bedroom. Except Jerome, I suppose?

[3] Excerpt from Lucia Chapter 27 [part 2]:

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hugo returned home early today and was greeted by Jerome who came out to meet him. When he heard from Jerome that Lucia took a nap and was still sleeping, he frowned.

“Is she not ill? I am sure I asked for the doctor to see her today.”

“The doctor is asking to see you about the Madam.”

Hugo immediately went to see the doctor, not bothering to change his clothes first. The doctor was nervous. Unlike the Madam whom she could face with relative comfort, the Duke made her feel nervous every time they met. She didn’t know how many times she had felt awed by the fact that these two really different people were married.

“I believe the Madam is pregnant.”

Lucia’s worry about whether to tell her husband or not was useless. She had completely forgot to tell the doctor not to inform her husband yet.

Since the doctor began working, she had been reporting the Madam’s treatment results to the Duke every single time and thought nothing different of it this time as well.

Hugo was momentarily silent as he listened to Jerome, who was beside him and said, ‘this is a matter for congratulations’, after hearing the good news.

“...What? Pregnant? You mean a child?”

“It is not fully certain, but the Madam’s symptoms are showing typical evidence of pregnancy.”

The doctor continued to explain that Lucia had gotten diagnosed by a palace nurse at the Royal Palace today, and that her strange symptoms lately were in sync with signs of pregnancy, so the Madam’s pregnancy was pretty certain. And Hugo remained silent, listening to the doctor list off things about an expectant mother’s psychological state and precautions to take.

“What is the chance that it is not pregnancy?”

The doctor carefully watched the Duke whose reaction was quite different from normal people upon hearing the news that he would become a father. She had heard that when a couple’s relationship was too good, there were husbands who didn’t look favorably upon the existence of a child, so she thought that maybe that was the case here.

”There is a condition that occurs very rarely, it’s called phantom pregnancy. It occurs when a woman desperately wants a child; in this situation, they experience symptoms that are almost similar to that of pregnancy. But like I said, it is very rare. The Madam is not usually saddened or impatient for a child, so I do not think it is applicable here.”

Hugo’s expression didn’t change at all on the outside, but he was actually very flustered. His head was blank as if he had been slammed into out of nowhere and he had no time to think any deeper.

After revealing his family’s secret to his wife, his wife had never brought up a child thereafter. So Hugo had pushed it to the other side of his mind as an unimportant issue.

“When can we know for certain that there is a child?”

“The most definitive time period would be about 5 months in, since there is fetal movement around then. I believe the Madam has been pregnant for two months at most.”

Hugo frowned slightly. According to the doctor, there was another three months till they could know for sure. That was too long.

“I already informed the Madam about the cautions she needs to take, but you have to be especially careful about bedroom relations. Therefore, bedroom relations are forbidden for the next three months until she reaches a definitive stable period.”

“What?!”

Hugo frantically shouted at the doctor.

* * *

When in doubt, assume the worst. It was a principle Hugo kept to whenever he was trying to make a judgement. Saying that he assumed the pregnancy as the worst would be a misunderstanding but basing his thoughts on the premise that the pregnancy was certain, he began to ponder about how a phenomenon that should not occur at all, was possible. He went through everything, one by one.

‘My wife said her condition meant she could not have a child.’

His wife said that she could not have a child due to having no menstruation, so she was infertile. And at the same time, she said that she knew the cure so she could treat it at any time.

The question of whether his wife was cured was a secondary issue; in any case, he revamped his premise and based it on his wife being a normal woman that could bear a child. Whether she could bear a child or not, was not the important thing here.

The heart of the problem was Hugo himself, a bizarre lineage of the Taran bloodline.

‘You have to consume blood...’

Hugo drummed his fingers on the table and chewed over the words that Philip said a long time ago. At that time, he did not have a hint of doubt in his mind about Philip’s words. Back then, his hatred and disgust for his family had reached an extreme, so he thought that the revolting method of ingesting blood that Philip spoke about matched perfectly.

Despite being thorough in everything else, the reason why Hugo didn’t re-consider whether Philip really told the truth was because he did not want to even think about it.

‘Blood, huh? It even sounds fucking ridiculous.’

Thinking rationally, Hugo analyzed what Philip said back then and the situation at that time.

Philip held his ground, claiming that he couldn’t talk about his family’s vision then he unexpectedly confessed obediently. Now that Hugo thought about it, it was unlikely that Philip would so easily reveal the secret that wasn’t even in the Taran family secret room, and had been protected and passed down in his family for generations.

Philip was a strong-willed old man. It was more like him to offer his neck than truthfully reveal his family’s secret.

‘So he lied to me. That’s what this is.’

There was a cold smile on Hugo’s lips.

‘The nerve.’

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 115.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Hugo was angry and at the same time, he was in disbelief. A forced laugh spilled from his lips. This was a result of his arrogant thinking that a mere doctor wouldn’t lie to him and deceive him. If Hugo had judged Philip to have the slight chance of becoming a threat, he would have already killed him.

Even though Philips’s family had the only ‘vision’ that continued the Taran bloodline, they were a family of doctors for generations and only had one perfunctory title. Due to being partners with the Taran family for so long, Philip’s family was rather isolated. [1]

Philip had no family and his relationships with people were very shallow. Who knew how many secrets the man had, for he didn’t even have an assistant. Due to these factors, Hugo took him lightly as nothing but a doctor.

Keeping Philip alive was a punishment for Hugo himself. Philip was a medium to maximize his guilt towards his late brother and his disgust for himself.

There was also the issue of owing his late brother’s life to Philip, so with a grand talk of mercy that he wouldn’t take Philip’s life personally, he left him alone.

‘The old man never knew fear.’

He pretended to be obedient but said everything he wanted to say. And so whenever Hugo met Philip, he always felt like filth. The mere fact that Hugo suppressed all that and endured it, showed that he showed no end of generosity to Philip.

‘Why did he lie?’

Hugo threatened Philip that if he didn’t tell the truth, he would let him rot in jail. Philip making up a lie to avoid that situation was something plausible for anyone to do.

Looking at it emotionally, it was unscrupulous conduct, but on the logical side, Hugo judged that it was possible. No one would know anyways if Philip lied about a secret that no one else knew the truth to, and the only person who could prove it was Hugo, but because Hugo was immensely averted to it, there was no way of knowing if Philip had told a lie.

‘Even if I accept that his lying in that situation is plausible, why did he mention blood, of all things?’

Hugo was on the verge of losing his mind when he captured Philip and dragged him away. His family, everything, nothing was as they seemed, and he was consumed by extreme anger. So when Philip said blood had to be consumed, he believed it like that and while his disgust with the blood flowing within him was magnified, correspondingly, his anger towards his family was pushed down.

So, if Philip had analyzed Hugo’s mental state at the time and purposefully told a calculating lie...

‘He has to be called cunning and smart.’

Hugo used to only think of him as an annoying old man who talked about the family bloodline every time he opened his mouth. Hugo revised his assessment of Philip.

‘He could be a more dangerous bastard than I thought.’

Hugo was well aware that his personality wasn’t one to easily relax his vigilance towards people. But in the end, he relaxed his guard with Philip. It meant that Philip was careful in everything in order not to trigger the boundaries of Hugo’s vigilance.

‘What is the ‘vision’? Even if I catch him and ask him again, I don’t think the old man will obediently tell me but...that said, I don’t care about the vision. The question is, how could she get pregnant? What design did the old man have in this...’

[The day you look for me will come.] [2]

Hugo, who was resting his chin on his hand, suddenly lifted his head. The words left by the old man which he had dismissed as nonsense, came around to him with new meaning.

‘When we stayed in Roam...’

Hugo remembered Philip attempting to approach his wife by enticing his wife’s doctor with a cure. When he thought about it, it was strange. If Philip’s purpose was purely to treat a patient, it was enough for him to tell Hugo.

Even though Hugo hated the very sight of Philip, he would definitely not have ignored the implications behind Philip asking to treat his wife as a patient. However, at the time, Philip acted as if he must avoid Hugo’s eyes.

‘The treatment might have been an excuse. The old man wanted to meet Vivian. Why?’

He didn’t know what Philip’s family’s vision was, other than the fact that it continued the Taran family lineage but considering that Philip had the time to try something with his wife, something didn’t add up. Still, the attempt failed. His wife did not meet Philip.

But Philip was a persistent old man. More than anything, Hugo acknowledged the old man’s tireless obsession with the Taran bloodline. It was enough reason for him to suspect that Philip didn’t give up and continued to pull tricks.

‘Is it food?’

On a second thought, it would be hard for Philip to pull anything regarding the food. The food ingredients were thoroughly supervised by Jerome and there was no way Jerome wouldn’t know if something suspicious was added inside.

The only possibility was that Jerome was in leagues with Philip. But that possibility was excluded.

Hugo was skeptical about people but once he trusted them, he didn’t doubt them until there was confirmed evidence of their betrayal. Actually, rather than saying he trusted people, it was more accurate to say he trusted in the way they handled things that were entrusted to them.

Jerome was meticulous and thorough. Hugo trusted how Jerome handled his work.

‘Assuming the old man pulled something, then he predicted its success. He thought my wife would get pregnant.’

[The day you look for me will come.]

‘Why did he say that to me?’

If it was Philip’s wish that his wife bore a child, his purpose could be achieved even if he kept his mouth shut. Rather, saying that was more like Philip confessing that he had done something to his wife.

‘Was he trying to do something to the baby when it’s born?’

There would be no instance of Philip’s bullshit about Damian’s bride being realized, even if the child was born. That was something Philip should also know.

Philip’s agenda was not the baby. His wife’s surroundings were under impenetrable security. Philip almost lost his life when he snooped around the ducal residence and Hugo heard about it. The old man wasn’t someone who would attempt such a reckless thing.

A thought suddenly flashed through his mind.

‘He’s asking to meet, isn’t he?’

Hugo smiled icily.

‘It sounds like he’s calling me.’

Hugo broke out laughing, in spite of himself. It was a laugh filled with thick murderous intent.

“Okay, old man. Let me hear what drivel you’re on about.”

Hugo called Dean.

“Do you remember the village we used as a base while subjugating barbarians before we hurried back to the capital?”

“Yes, my lord.”

“There was a ducal doctor who was staying in the village at the time. Philip. Remember him?”

“Yes, I know who it is.”

“I don’t know if he’s still in that village but if he isn’t, search the entire vicinity and drag him here. Bring the old man here at the fastest speed possible, regardless of his circumstances. You only need to spare his life.”

Upon receiving his orders, Dean immediately left for the north.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — >(3)

Lucia slowly got up from the bed, facing the morning sun. She had fallen asleep late in the afternoon as it was getting darker but when she opened her eyes, it was morning.

“Oh my goodness. Did I sleep that long?”

She didn’t wake up at any intervals and slept like a rock. She kept on feeling tired lately, but her body didn’t feel that refreshed. Rather than feeling sluggish due to the excessive sleep, her head felt light.

Lucia called her maid and asked her to bring water for washing her face.

“Has he left?”

“No. Master is in his office.”

Hugo came to the bedroom after hearing that his wife was awake. He arrived just when Lucia was about to change her clothes. Once the maid attending to Lucia discovered Hugo, she bowed her head and withdrew.

Hugo quickly approaching his wife, who was smiling at him, and hugged her. Lucia was taken aback by his sudden action and asked carefully.

“Did you hear...from the doctor?”

“I did.”

Hugo had been worried yesterday because he felt she was sleeping for too long. When he concernedly asked if it would be better for her to wake up and eat something, the doctor said:

[It’s okay for one day. Milady told me she felt tired these days, so it would be better to allow her to just sleep.]

While holding her sound asleep figure, Hugo could barely sleep all night. Her body had a slight fever, so it felt warm to the touch. Upon recalling the doctor’s statement that a mild fever was common early in pregnancy, Hugo tried to assuage his worries.

His mind was filled with all sorts of thoughts, so he ended up not getting a wink of sleep.

“Thanks. And...congratulations.”

“...What?”

“...”

Pfft. Lucia burst out laughing.

“Did the doctor tell you to say that?”

“...Mm.”

The doctor made a long-winded speech as if she was taking the chance to make up for the past times when she felt inadequate before the Duke. For Hugo, listening to the doctor’s prattle was very excruciating, so he momentarily considered changing to a male doctor.

The doctor talked to Hugo about the sensitive mood of an expectant mother and scared him with examples of patients with various and extreme symptoms of depression.

She emphasized that due to their severe changes in mood, pregnant women tended to be more sensitive and could be easily hurt by something minor. Thinking that his own manner of speaking wasn’t exactly sweet, Hugo was worried.

[The Madam is currently showing signs of anxiety. At times like this, the husband has to comfort the wife and show your sincerity in welcoming the child.]

He didn’t know what to say so he recited it exactly like the doctor had told him to. Lucia lifted her head and cupped his face in her hands.

“Your words have no sincerity.”

“...It’s not that there’s no sincerity, I just honestly don’t know what to do. I don’t hate it.”

“I know what you mean. I’m also like that. It doesn’t even feel real. And it may not be pregnancy.”

“The palace nurse definitely didn’t diagnose wrongly.”

Lucia looked into his eyes. It was hard to tell what he was thinking from the neutrality of his gaze. She didn’t know whether she should be happy that her husband’s reaction was much calmer than she expected or whether she should be worried.

She was glad that he didn’t react in worse ways, such as denying it, since her pregnancy should be impossible or refusing that he was the father of the child.

“It is our child.” (Lucia)

The look in his eyes turned to that of puzzlement.

“Of course.” (Hugo)

Hugo couldn’t understand the meaning behind her words. He could not guess that Lucia was concerned that her husband might be suspicious of her fidelity.

Hugo had not thought of that at all. He only thought that his wife was still thinking about when he said that he didn’t want a child.

“I’ve said this before, but if it is your child then I am fine with it. I might be a little out of it because it is unexpected, but I do not hate it. If you’re upset then I’m sorry.”

“No. I am not upset.”

Lucia was very happy. And she was thankful to him.

He did not want to have children for a long time. Even though he said that he was okay with it if it was her child, it was something he said when he assumed that her getting pregnant was impossible.

But now, it had come to the forefront and become reality. And even then, he still said that he would accept the child. It meant that it wasn’t just pretty words that he was saying at the time to comfort her.

Lucia felt the anxiety buried deep in her heart melt away. She began to think that everything would be okay. She had a feeling, no, confidence, that when the child was born, he would be a good father.

Hugo looked at his wife for a while as she grinned happily, then he lowered his head and kissed her. Lucia wrapped her arms around his neck and shared a long, deep kiss with him.

“There’s a part I can’t understand.” (Hugo)

“Me too.” (Lucia)

How did she become pregnant? Just as she expected, her husband was also wondering about this issue.

“You think so too, right?” (Hugo)

“Yes.” (Lucia)

“It was fine yesterday. Why is it forbidden as soon as we find out you’re pregnant?”

“...?”

“The doctor must be a quack. I have to ask the palace nurse that diagnosed your pregnancy.”

Lucia sensed that what he was saying, and what she was saying, were not in sync. And when she vaguely grasped what he was talking about, her face gradually stiffened.

“What does she mean we can’t do it for three months? Is this not a plan to kill me?”

“Are you crazy? You’re going to go where, and ask who what?”

Lucia shouted as her face reddened and she hit his chest. Hugo had a shameless expression on his face as if asking what he did wrong. Lucia pushed his chest and removed herself from his embrace.

“Just try it if you dare. You won’t get a feet inside this room.”

The knowledge that he had to give up on the pleasure of the night was a bombshell of its own, but there was no worse torture than not being able to even touch his wife. Hugo stretched his hand to her again, but his wife shocked him by shaking him off and avoiding his hand.

“You said you were thinking the same thing.” (Hugo)

“No! I was thinking about something different. They asked us to be careful because the child could get hurt, so is that so important to you?” (Lucia)

“Hurt? There’s no way my child is so weak.”

Lucia was done with his dignified bullshit sophistry. She coldly turned around.

“Go and work on what you were working on. I want to rest.”

“Sleep, again? You have to eat something.”

“I’ll eat something later.”

“Vivian.”

Hugo gazed at his wife, who was lying on the bed, not even responding, then he left the bedroom.

[...psychological state will be very uneasy, there will be extreme mood swings, irritation will increase...]

Hugo sighed when he recalled the contents of the lecture, ‘A Study on the Psychological State of a Pregnant Woman,’ that the doctor gave him.

His wife was with child. It was beginning to feel a little bit real. The doctor said that they needed more time to know for sure, but from Hugo’s standpoint, there was no doubt about it. Otherwise, there was no way his gentle, good-natured wife would change like that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 116.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Finish and Start — > (3)

<You might want to go back to the chapter post. Hint: emoticon.>

Hugo woke as he waved his body beside him. Hugo woke up when he saw Lucia sitting.

“Why? Are you sick?”

“I can not sleep.”

“... ... ”

Hugo thought, “I slept like that in the day so I will not sleep.”

Three weeks from the day when I was diagnosed as pregnant. Lucia was sleepy. I chose the chief and slept almost all day. I slept early in the evening, got up late in the morning, and slept a nap during the day. It was a life that I was asleep as if I was sleeping well all my life.

Hugo has only seen his wife ‘s face almost these days.

“What can I do?”

“I do not just go to sleep, I keep thinking I want to eat ... ... ”

“What do you want to eat? If you tell Jerome, he’ll be up soon. ”

“I told you I can not get it.”

Jerome can not save food. Hugo felt a little ominous.

“What?”

“Purple.”

“... ... ”

Spring has just come. The weather outside was still windy. The fruit of the vine would not have grown well.

“Do not you get it?”

She was confident that she could find the world through all she wanted. However, there was no ability to produce unfruitful fruit. There is a temperate climate in the southern part of the country, but this is not the grape harvest season.

However, I could not say that I should not be able to say to my wife who looked at me with full expectation. He bluffed.

“... ... I’ll find out. ”

“Wow.”

Hugo sweated as she grabbed her neck and held her arms around her in her arms.

‘It was big.’

* * *

Quize heard a message from the queen that the Duchess seemed to have been called. I have guessed that the Duchess would have had a child since she had no outside activities.

But almost every day, even though I face Taran Duke, I did not seem to have a good news for about a month. It is likely that he will be told that the child was born after birth.

Quize sneaked out first.

“I heard the news of being a father, a father.”

“It’s been a long time since I was a father.”

“I was told to see the second.”

“... ... Yes.”

“With people. The good news is, go ahead and do it. Congratulations. Is the Duchess healthy? ”

“Yes. There is no big riding. ”

“Good luck. The queen had a lot of trouble because she could not eat properly when she had a princess. If the woman has a child, what about the Duchess? ”

“I do not suffer greatly.”

“The child looks like the Duchess and is mild. I wonder if a boy who resembles a ball will be born, or a resemblance to a gentleman. Jim was betting on his boss. Jim is a son. Jim believes in the ball. ”

Quize did not seem to have a gambling luck anyway. Looking at the chattering quiz, Hugo muttered into her, ‘I’m a girl.’

The child, who was born, thought he should resemble his wife. Or it will not be worth the trouble.

Hugo took over the pride of the king ‘s arms every time he lined up the princess’ s loveliness. What does the child’s gratitude have to do with me? My child is having trouble before birth.

Last month. It’s only a month. One month was a long time. There are still six to seven months before the child is born.

This would be like the darkness that stood on the narrow ridge of the back and forth below.

Lucia did not have severe morning sickness that refused food. Though it smells horrible, I usually eat very well.

Many times she was fortunate to have an example of a dry mother who had almost no water during her pregnancy.

Hugo also agreed totally. If you do not eat properly, you will be hated by your wife who is struggling with symptoms of morning sickness.

But the world was not easy. Morning morning was light, but Lucia’s nerves were relatively sharp.

Still, it was not uncommon for others. The tone was cold and the irritation was only slightly increased. However, it seemed to have changed dramatically because it was a mere character and contrast. Especially the impact of Hugo who underwent change of wife was big.

* * *

Lucia was not among the people who came to meet Hugo who returned home today. Jerome gave his master the same answer yesterday.

“You sleep.”

“What about dinner?”

“You have not heard yet. It is sleeping daytime ... ... ”

I was worried that my wife ‘s sleep was getting too much. So Hugo recently asked her doctor if she was okay.

‘Sleeping and feeling fatigued easily is a typical symptom of early pregnancy. Although my wife is sleeping a lot, it is not something to worry about. If you are a lady, you are going through very early in pregnancy. ”

I can not agree with the fact that it is very safe, but I was relieved to answer the doctor ‘s answer. It means that you can not sleep to be treated.

When I sat down with my wife, I had a conversation. If you stay at home during the day, you will be able to see the state of being awake. Hugo’s busy schedule of going out in the morning and coming in the evening was not loose.

A few days ago, Hugo became more depressing. I was so relieved by the fact that I had to hold my wife in her arms every night, but she started to feel annoyed.

Now, by putting his hand into his pajamas (on his own standards), he touched a little and was not able to come near him at all.

Hugo could not know where to solve the absurdity and grievance. I asked my doctor again. Nowadays, the doctor was acting as a consultant for the duke.

‘At the beginning of pregnancy, there may be a reaction to the husband’s physical contact that is extremely reluctant. It may or may not improve in the middle of pregnancy. ‘

It was advice that was not helpful at all. Hugo thought his doctor should be a quack. I was embarrassed by my innocent doctor.

Hugo entered his wife ‘s bedroom. I approach the shape lying on the bed in the dimly lit bedroom and carefully sit on the bed.

Lucia, lying on his back, looked up and turned and turned to face him.

He stretched out his hand without knowing it, and he was puzzled and disgusted. Why can not I touch my girl as much as I can.

Who should blame for this irrational situation. Hugo’s gaze went down a little and headed to her boat, covered with futon.

An unseen unknown creature that grew up in her womb drove her to the greatest danger of her life. I knew that I should not make the mistake of taking out the words that blame my baby.

He thought too simply of the problem of having a child. I just thought that if a child grows up, it will end when she grows up.

The king who had undergone this process four times was admired.

Hugo gave up his courage and reached out his hand. She touched her cheeky cheek and swept her forehead and turned her hair. Lucia was nervous, and he was nervous for a moment. Then he breathed in as Lucia blinked.

“Hugh ... ... ? ”

Her reaction was gentle. Hugo breathed a sigh of relief. My wife ‘s psychological state was like a plateau, so I could not relax more than the battlefield.

He missed his wife a few months ago, who was always laughing at seeing himself. Lucia laughed at him and stretched out his arms. Hugo wanted to know what this is. As she smelled the soft and warm scent of her nose, she realized the truth that happiness comes from something really trivial.

“I saw my mother in a dream. You looked young, beautiful and happy. ”

“I hope you will come to your dream every day. Young, beautiful and happy. ”

Lucia laughed at the jokes, but Hugo was genuine.

“I have to eat dinner. Do you want me to prepare now? ”

“I do not have much appetite.”

“I ate a lot of lunch. Nothing to eat? If you think about anything, tell me. ”

“Your baby in the boat is sucking the nutrition of your body,” Hugo muttered to the inside, adding a radical expression to the words of his doctor.

“Well... ... . I do. I think that would be my appetite. ”

Hugo was nervous. This time, I wanted to tell you the food you can get.

The last time I did not save Jeongpo Island. Looking at her for a few days, she had to feel her incompetence and incompetence.

“The night market was opened in the town where I was a child. Peter cooked grilled skewers was really good. ”

Hugo was relieved because it did not seem like it was impossible but it was impossible. Night market. Peter. Grilled skewers. I remembered the key words.

“All right.”

“Wow. Then we can do that for dinner. ”

“... ... now?”

“If not now?”

Hugo swallowed a sigh. Immediately he called Jerome. Jerome took a couple of servants and visited the village where he had lived.

After a few hours, he took the grilled skewer and took him upstairs.

Lucia was making a linen outfit in the reception room and was delighted to see the dish her husband brought and made her happy. However, he said, “I have just had a few bites and I have been hungry.”

“When will cheongpoddo open?”

It’s a green one. Hugo seriously worried whether he would buy a farm.

Translator’s Corner

* Please make sure you are reading on Ruby Maybe translations.

*If you are, then thank you.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (4)

Dean was back. It had been a month since Hugo gave him the order to capture Philip. He had gone to the village that Hugo had asked him to, but because it had been a little while since Philip left, he had to search around and that took time. Dean explained that fortunately, he found Philip somewhere not too far from the village and was able to bring him in.

“I took him to the safe house.”

“Good job.”

An old mansion, located at the outskirts of the capital, was currently being used as the Taran Information Division’s safe house. The old mansion gave off a time-worn, somber atmosphere and was surrounded by a considerably large courtyard, masking any possibility of knowing what was going on within the walls. There were only rumors that a cranky old man that did not go outside, was the owner of the mansion.

The entrance to the safe house used a secret passage that was a little distance away from the mansion so externally, only a few servants frequently visited to manage the place.

Hugo left for the safe house late at night in order to avoid being seen by others.

The inside of the seemingly old mansion was reinforced with soundproofing. Especially down in the basement, there was no chance of any noise or racket spreading outside.

The knights standing guard in front of the room, bowed their heads when Hugo appeared. Even after the heavy stone doors were completely opened, Hugo momentarily remained still.

“Do not follow me inside.”

Hugo was about enter the room then he stopped. He looked at Dean and extended a hand.

“Sword.”

Dean immediately removed the sword strapped to his waist and handed it to Hugo. As Hugo held the sword and walked in, the door quickly closed behind him.

The room he entered had stone walls on all sides and it was not very spacious. The soundproofing was so thorough that one couldn’t hear any sound from the inside once the door was closed.

There were two chairs in the middle of the room, facing each other. In one of them, sat Philip, with his hands tied behind his back and to the chair. And the chair, made of iron, was tightly bolted to the floor. Since thorough safety measures had been taken, the knights obediently obeyed when Hugo ordered that he would be going into the room alone.

Hugo sat down on the opposite chair. He stared at Philip, who had his head hanging low.

Philip’s complexion was haggard as he slowly lifted his head. He was not hurt anywhere but he had been loaded onto a carriage, unable to rest properly the entire time, and was at the limit of his physical strength. He had a lot of endurance, but age wasn’t something that could be deceived. Philip smiled faintly when he saw the cold red eyes facing him.

“It has been a long time.”

“Cut the crap.”

Even though Hugo’s response was cold, Philip didn’t care. Despite being in a situation where he was suddenly dragged away and bound up, Philip’s expression was no different from usual.

Hugo knew the old man was this type of person. He expected that even moments before his neck was cut off, the old man would still look calm. Today of all days, that expression of his was very annoying.

“I’m sure you know why you’re here, you bastard.”

“I will know when you tell me.”

Hugo pressed down his surging murderous urge to wrench off the old man’s neck this instant.

“You told me to come, didn’t you? Or are you saying that you blabbered all that meaninglessly?”

“No. However, there are many reasons for young master to come find me. Do you need treatment for the Madam? Or, has the Madam gotten pregnant?”

Seeing Hugo’s forehead twitch, Philip’s eyes grew bigger.

“...So she has gotten pregnant.”

Just as Philip expected, the heavens did not abandon him. Even though he had mixed the drug into the Duchess’ headache medicine, Philip was not sure of its success.

There were many variables. He could not guarantee that the Madam would take that headache medicine consistently, and because the drug’s efficacy was weakened, not only was the neutralization of mugwort slower, the probability of conception was extremely low. However, it succeeded, and she was pregnant in two years.

“Congratulations.”

Philip’s congratulatory words were not desirable at all. Hugo squeezed the sword in his hand and held in his desire to draw his sword without mercy.

“Like I thought, you did this. Blood, you said? When you looked down on me, you must have thrown away your desire to live.”

“Why are you so sure I lied? Maybe the Madam had a child with another ma...”

Feeling the cold blade under his neck, Philip shut his mouth. It only took an instant. Hugo stood up, drew his sword and pointed it at Philip’s throat. The tip of the sword was digging into Philip’s skin as if it would pierce through the moment Philip said a single word.

“Just one more bullshit out of you.”

Philip looked up at Hugo and nodded his head, marginally. A frosty expression, a gaze filled with bloodthirst and a subdued voice.

Philip realized that Hugo was extremely angry. He, who didn’t get nervous easily, had chills at his back. When the sword was withdrawn, he sucked in a breath.

“It was the vision of my family. I had no choice but to lie.”

“Even if I ask you now, I’m sure you won’t tell me.”

“Would you believe it if I told you?”

“I couldn’t care less about the vision. It will be buried along with you when you die anyways, old man.”

“You’re not someone that would bring me here because you were annoyed by a lie I said in the past.”

“Enough with the nonsense. I need to know what trick you pulled.”

Hugo could not stand the fact that there was a gap in the protection around his wife.

“It was the headache medicine.”

Philip obediently confessed. He didn’t plan on acting innocent anyways.

“Headache medicine.”

Hugo repeated for emphasis then he forced a laugh. He had to find out exactly what happened, once he got back. His first goal for capturing Philip was achieved.

“Tell me why you wanted to see me.”

Philip stared blankly at Hugo.

“Why are you so curious about what I have to say?”

“Don’t get any ideas. You won’t be able to leave this room alive.”

“Kill me. What regrets does an old man like me have? I’ve lived long enough. But you will not kill me. Afterall, there is something you want to know from me.”

When he saw Hugo’s red eyes waver, Philip sighed.

‘How can this be.’

He had thought the probability was extremely low. When the Duke showed an unusual reaction to the Duchess in Roam, Philip had a sliver of suspicious, but he believed it wasn’t possible. And he hoped it was not the case.

A man in the high position of the lord of the North and the Taran family, should not do something like holding a woman in his heart and creating a weakness for himself.

Philip had come to realize the truth from his long years alive; that things in the world did not always go as planned. A man’s plan was inferior to the order of the great world. He learnt that it was best for him to use all of his efforts to cling to the opportunity before him right now, rather than planning.

And that is why Philip clung to the Duchess’ pregnancy. At the time, it was the only opportunity. It was not because he had a grand plan afterwards, but because there had to be a child first before he could plan for the future.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 117.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (4)

If the Duchess were to get pregnant, the Duke would suspect that there was a high chance of an affair.

The Duke did not believe in people. He knew that he could not have a child without special methods, so he would be unable to believe that the Duchess was bearing his child.

With this, the ducal couple’s relationship would become estranged, and the Duchess, who was suspected of infidelity, would neglect her child.

And at this point, he could look for an opportunity. That was Philip’s vague outline of a plan.

However, there was a very slim possibility. It was a possibility that Philip did not want to happen, but just in case, the Duke truly gave his heart to the Duchess and trusted her, Philip left a word behind with the Duke.

The reason Philip was even offering his medical services at the northern border was because he thought that it was only a matter of time before the Duke came to subjugate barbarians.

Even when he was suddenly captured by the Duke’s knight, loaded onto a carriage and dragged somewhere, Philip thought there was no way.

Philip always wished for the Duke to let go of his vain anger towards his family and truly accept his position as the lord of the north. However, he could never accept the Duke becoming soft because he had fallen for a woman.

‘That cannot happen.’

Philip’s family and Philip himself had made sacrifices for the prosperity of the Taran family! The Duke was betraying the blood and tears of many people.

“Let this old man take a guess at what you want to know.” (Philip)

Philip quickly drew a plan in his head. It was not a plan that he thought up just now. Philip always made a variety of plans, assuming numerous situations. And whenever he was faced with a situation, he fleshed out his plan according to the circumstances.

“A bride gives birth to a son that continues the bloodline but there is no record of the mother of the bride in the Taran family secret room. You only pay attention to the existence of the half-sisters; you are normally not interested in what happens to the women that gives birth to them.”(Philip)

Philip watched Hugo’s red eyes flare up as if they were on fire and licked his dry lips. Then he gave a modest thin smile, no different from usual, and said:

“‘Will the Madam be okay after giving birth to the little miss?’. Did you not call me because you wanted to know that?” (Philip)

Hugo wanted to chop off the insidious old man’s head this instant.

‘What a sly old man.’

He was so wrapped up in his obsession and wouldn’t hesitate to lie for his own purposes. Hugo ground his teeth, deeply regretting his laughable act of charity in sparring Philip’s life. When he was cleaning up the other bastards, he should have gotten rid off the old man as well.

It was better to kill him now, at least, and shut his mouth forever before his tongue started wagging. That was the conclusion Hugo calmly discerned. If Philip’s tricks had concerned his own well-being, Hugo would have sneered and gone ahead with it without any hesitation. However. Hugo could not gamble with her life.

Just like Philip said, Hugo was suspicious about whether his wife would be okay after giving birth to a child. An ordinary woman could not bear a Taran family child unless her body was prepared in a certain way. It was not a normal pregnancy.

Taran’s unusual bloodline always made Hugo have questions about his identity. Hugo always couldn’t shake off the question, ‘am I really human?’. What’s worse was that he couldn’t be sure if his weak wife would be okay after raising a non-human-like life inside of her and giving birth to it.

The only person that could answer Hugo’s question was Philip. So Hugo tried to sound Philip out but Philip discovered Hugo’s intention instead.

From the moment Hugo asked his knights to get Philip, his intentions were already read. If Hugo was not worried about his wife, he would not be concerned about what Philip meant by those words and there would be no need for him to call Philip and ask him what he meant.

Seeing that the Duke was just staring at him and not swinging the sword in his hand, Philip confirmed that the Duchess had become the weakness of the Duke.

Philip felt a strange sense of loss. It was despair brought about by witnessing the tragedy of a perfect existence becoming humanized.

‘The young master is perfect. Why are you trying to scratch that perfection?’

The Duke was the best masterpiece made from the Taran lineage, the only nobility descent of the ancient era. The birth of the twins and the eventual death of one of them were processes that contributed to the making of the current Duke. It was a noble sacrifice. That was how Philip thought of it.

Unlike the others of Taran blood, the late Hugo was weak and feeble-minded. And the young master Damian who inherited that blood was imperfect.

If young master Damian was combined with the daughter of young master Hugh, a perfect descendant would be born yet again and the Taran lineage would continue.

Philip painted such a future in his head. If his health held up, he could live long enough to see it, and even if he died without seeing it, it didn’t matter. Philip was merely doing everything he could do right now in the situation given to him.

Philip felt regretful that he couldn’t take part in the Duke’s choice to abandon his perfection and chose a woman. No matter what he said, the Duke would close his ears to it.

Things in the world were like the front and back of a coin. Good things usually came after the bad things had arrived. The Duke’s change was a bad thing, but that was how he got hold of an opportunity.

“The Madam may, or may not, be fine.” (Philip)

“This bastard seriously.”

Hugo clenched his teeth. The raging anger in his heart cried out for him to slay the bastard on the spot. His hand gripping the sword shook slightly.

But he could not. It was fine even if he got caught up in Philip’s shallow tricks. As long as she was safe, he could put up with it.

“Even if I were to tell you something, would you believe it?”

“...So?”

“So I have to offer a token of trust first. The Madam will experience an unbearable abdominal pain around when her stomach begins to swell.”

Philip’s medication mixed with headache medicine was an incomplete drug, born in the process of going to the final state. Therefore, there were side effects.

¬¬ According to the records, the pregnant women suffered from severe abdominal pain every time the uterus expanded as the fetus grew. It said the pain was torturous enough to make them hold their stomachs, roll around and cry in agony.

It was not a complication caused by the pregnant woman or something going wrong with the fetus. It was only that during the term of pregnancy, the pregnant woman would feel intense pain every time the child grew bigger. However, Philip did not reveal such details.

“I will give you a prescription. When the Madam feels pain in her stomach, give her medicine according to the prescription and her abdominal pain will settle.”

Philip’s ancestors discovered the drug that relieved the side effects experienced by pregnant women, through further research. The drug Philip was using today was made after much trials and error.

“How do I trust that you didn’t pull anything with the drug?”

“If you don’t believe me, don’t use it.”

Hugo gave a fake laugh. This was not the Philip that Hugo had previously known. This Philip was confronting Hugo without any hesitation or regard for his safety.

Hugo felt strained, as if his stomach was flipped upside down. He wondered what the old bastard believed in to be acting this way. Was the old man so confident that he would be entangled in his tricks? Is that why he was taking him so lightly?

It had taken almost ten years before Hugo saw Philip again after forcing him out. In that meantime, Hugo became Duke, swept through the battlefield, distinguished himself in war and faced cunning politicians.

He was not the person he was when the late, previous Duke took his brother’s life as collateral and seizing him by the neck, restricting his movement.

Hugo calmed his anger. He raised his evaluation of the old bastard by a few steps. He didn’t see him as ‘nothing but a doctor’ but as a seasoned politician whom he was making a fierce deal with. He recreated the feeling he had when he faced the Duke of Ramis in order to save Roy.

His head was cool but on the outside, he displayed an appropriate amount of anger. He seemed like he was being completely drawn in by Philip’s words.

“If she has abdominal pain like you say. What is the reason?”

“Just as you have guessed.”

“Guessed? Are you claiming to know what I’m thinking?”

“You always called it a monster. Then isn’t the Madam raising a monster in her stomach?”

Hugo swung the sword in his hand and struck Philip’s head.

Philip’s scream could be heard at the same time as a dull sound. Due to the sudden blow to his head, Philip’s surrounding was spinning causing him to drop his head and close his eyes. Something flowed from his forehead, dropping onto his knee. Philip watched the dripping red blood sank into his clothes.

“I want to pull out that sickening tongue of yours one day.” (Hugo)

As he listened to the voice overflowing with blood thirst, Philip wrinkled his forehead because of the throbbing pain and lifted his head. Philip stared at the piercing red eyes that looked like they would tear him to death at any time.

Philip knew of the Duke’s violent and cruel personality. He confirmed once again that his life was being spared in front of the Duke despite the Duke’s anger. The Duchess was the absolute weakness of the Duke.

Outwardly, Hugo seemed to be suppressing his raging anger, but in actuality, he was analyzing Philip’s words.

The word ‘monster’ referred to Hugo himself and the Taran family and every time Hugo said that word, Philip hated it. However, Philip himself said that word and provoked Hugo.

‘He’s trying to make me angry and gain the initiative in the conversation.’

“Old man. Just as you say, the cursed Taran bloodlines are monsters. Do you think I have any attachment towards a child with the family’s cursed blood that isn’t even born yet?”

Seeing the Duke behaving as though all he had to do was get rid of the child, Philip made an expression like he expected it.

“I’m sure that’s what you believe. But it would be better for you not to. If you don’t want to lose the Madam, I mean.”

“Bullshit.”

“The Taran blood has very strong vitality. They have a strong instinct to protect themselves from the moment they are in the womb. Trying to abort with drugs would only hurt the mother instead. What I am saying is a fact. I can’t do anything if you don’t believe me, but can you take such a risk when you don’t know if the Madam might be in danger?”

“...”

He couldn’t. He couldn’t take the risk. It felt dreary as if the support beneath his feet disappeared.

Hugo once again reevaluated his relationship with Philip. It was not equal. Currently, Hugo was completely in the weaker position. Hugo had no information at all while Philip knew everything.

This was the first time since his brother’s death that he was making a deal in such an overwhelmingly disadvantageous position.

‘I need information.’

The records Philip had in his hands had to have been passed down in his family for generations. But how were they passed down? When Hugo had just become Duke, he searched everywhere but could not find it.

The child was gradually growing, and the day of delivery was drawing nearer, so the time he had was limited. He couldn’t figure out where he could find the records.

Hugo stood up. If he were to continue taking with Philip, all he would be doing was revealing all the cards he had in his hands.

As he turned around, there was a grim look in his eyes. His knuckles turned white as he clenched his sword tighter. He wanted to draw his sword right now and blow off the old man’s head. If Philip had called out to stop Hugo from behind, he might have done so.

Upon receiving the signal, those outside opened the stone door. Hugo walked out of the door, unable to get his seething anger under control, and stood there for a while as if frozen.

The knights held their breaths at the sight of their master’s threatening countenance.

“Dean.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“Go in. Get the prescription the old man is talking about and bring it to me. Keep a thorough eye on him. Do not let anyone but me get into contact with that bastard.”

As he listened to his knights reply, Hugo climbed up the stairs that led above ground. It was as though masses of iron were tied to his ankle; every step was terribly heavy. He breathed heavily, suppressing the urge to scream like crazy.

Anger towards something vague soared within him. It was anger towards his fate, and at the heavens looking down at him and mocking him.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (5)

When Hugo returned to the mansion, it was already late into the night. He sat absentmindedly in his office for a while. He urged his brain to think but it refused to work properly. He didn’t know where he should start from.

‘The headache medicine. Yes...find out what happened with the headache medicine and then...’

After that was blank. His head was as empty as a blank sheet of paper. Nothing came up. He felt terribly helpless, like an abyss was slowly eaten away at him from his feet.

It was fear. His heart thumped with anxiety, growing louder by the minute and he felt suffocated. Even if he were about to die by having his limbs bound, stomach smashed, and heart ripped out, he would not be this scared.

Just thinking about the possibility of losing her filled Hugo with indescribable horror.

Hugo left his office at daybreak. He went into his wife’s bedroom, and stood idly by the bed, watching his wife who was sound asleep. He lifted the blanket, climbed onto the bed and pulled her into his chest. Her body was slightly hot due to her mild fever.

The happiness and despair filled his heart. He could not live if he lost her. He felt like his heart would explode and kill him.

[I have never said this, have I? Thank you for marrying me.]

“...Not at all. You fell into a terrible swamp.”

She went through all sorts of trouble to get a child that everyone else has, and the child she got with difficulty, became the main culprit eating away her life.

The only reason she had to go through things other people didn’t was because she was married to him.

She should not have come to see him that day. If they had lived without knowing each other...if that had happened, then she likely wouldn’t be facing such danger.

But if he had not met her, he would have lived with a frozen heart, watching a grey scenery for the rest of his life.[1]

‘I can’t let go.’

Even if he went back to the past right now, he had no confidence in being able to let her go. It was ugly selfishness.

“I love you.”

Hugo whispered in her ear and closed his tingling eyes. Heat rushed to his eyes and something hot flowed from his eyes. His chest felt like it was tightening, and his throat hurt like it was seizing up.

As he shed tears for the first time, Hugo recalled the description of the word, ‘cry’. It was a complex, intricate feeling that couldn’t be expressed with something as dry as ‘One cannot suppress their feelings and tears fall’.

* * *

Hugo spent the entire night wide-awake. He was thinking things over nonstop all night. The darkness withdrew, and the daybreak sun gradually brightened up the bedroom as he came to a conclusion after a long stretch of thought.

Lucia opened her eyes slightly earlier than usual this morning. She smiled, feeling the warmth against her back and the strong arms wrapped around her.

She shifted in her position and turned around to face him. When she met his gaze, she flashed a sweet smile and buried herself in his arms. His big hand found its way to her head and the feeling of his fingers combing through her hair was nice.

“Vivian. I think I have to go to the north.”

Lucia lifted her head in surprise. His eyes had a subdued feeling of gravity in them.

“It won’t take long. I’ll come back soon.”

“...Okay. It seems like an urgent matter.”

“I’m sorry I can’t be with you at a time like this.”

“It’s okay. There’s still a long way to go before the child arrives. You’ll be back before then, won’t you?”

Seeing his wife trying to shrug it off like everything was fine, Hugo hugged her and squeezed tightly. His wife who always said that things were okay and smiled prettily had not changed.

Although he was taken aback by her complaints and annoyance, on the other hand, he was happy about it. It meant that she relied on him that much.

Hugo thought that he needed to thoroughly dig through the family secret room in Roam again. It was his only hope. He had to find even the slightest clue there. Still holding her in his arms, Hugo’s eyes shone with resolve.

* * *

While her husband was away, Lucia tried to keep her mind and body in the best condition possible for the baby, at all times. And occasionally, she imagined various things, trying to solve the mystery of how she got pregnant.

“Milady. When did you start taking the headache medicine you were prescribed?”

“Why do you ask that?”

“There is something I need to look into.”

Lucia had a strange feeling.

“What is it that you need to look into?”

When Lucia kept inquiring, Jerome hesitated then said:

“Master ordered the investigation.”

‘The headache medicine...it’s related.’

Lucia sensed that her pregnancy and the headache medicine were related. Because the effect of her recent headache medicine was so good, Lucia knew exactly when she started taking it and clearly remembered who gave it to her.

‘The medicine Anna gave me...?”

Lucia was shocked to think that there was a problem with the headache medicine. She had faith in the doctor, Anna on a fundamental level. She believed that there was no way Anna would mix something into the medicine deliberately. So, she decided to call Anna and ask her personally.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 118.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — >(5)

It was her first time meeting Anna since Anna stopped working for her. Lucia had received the headache medicine from Anna, but in the meantime, she had asked her maid to only give her that drug.

Anna was visibly pleased to see the Duchess whom she had not met in a long time. Lucia had a wry smile, knowing fully well that she had not called Anna here with good intentions. And she immediately went straight to business.

“We are suspicious that a special medication, targeted at me, was mixed into the drug for headache that you gave to me, Anna, and we are looking into it. Personally, I do not think you are involved, Anna. So I want you to honestly tell me everything, without hiding a single thing.”

Anna’s face went deathly pale with horror. She stumbled over her reply in complete disbelief.

“The-The prescription for the headache medicine...I got it from the Duke’s doctor at Roam, Sir. Philip. But Milady, he’s not someone like that.”

Philip. Lucia felt strange hearing that name.

‘We keep getting oddly involved with one another.’

In her dream, he was someone she was grateful to because he gave her the prescription for her treatment and in reality, he was the person whom her husband’s late twin brother owed his life to.

However, because her husband appeared uneasy with Philip, Lucia couldn’t feel any goodwill that Philip might be a good person.

“Anna. I am pregnant right now.”

“My word! Congratulations.”

“Thank you. As you know, I was infertile. But unbeknownst to me, I was treated, and I believe the source is the headache medicine.”

Anna’s expression gradually stiffened gravely.

“The fact that it resulted in my pregnancy does not matter. I have been taking a medication without me being aware of it. If it was a poison that was killing me slowly, what would become of it? Do you understand why I am taking this seriously?”

Anna heaved a sigh as if she had remembered something.

“I...I was used.”

“Is there something you can think of?”

“Sir Philip was...obsessed with Milady’s pregnancy. I didn’t think much of it at the time but when I think about it now, it was excessive.”

“I see. If I remember correctly, Sir. Philip tried to meet me through you. Now, I am curious why Sir. Philip tried to do that. Tell me everything, from beginning to end. Don’t leave out what you talked about with him too.”

Anna looked back, recalling her memories from her first meeting with Philip. And as she spoke, going into the details one by one, she realized Philip’s intentions. Anna came to the end of her story with her eyes heavily reddened as she reeled from the immense shock.

“This is my fault. I...I was so foolish.”

The headache drug was not only taken by the Duchess. A countless number of patients had taken Anna’s headache medicine. All this while, she had sold a drug despite not knowing how it would affect a patient’s body. She was so absorbed in the profit from selling that she had forgotten her duty as a doctor and she was completely disillusioned with herself.

Anna apologized several times before leaving with a haggard expression. After Anna left, Lucia began to solve the mystery based on the information she had gained.

The cure that Lucia knew had a unique scent. However, she couldn’t detect such a scent on the headache medicine. Philip was someone who had the treatment method within his family’s vision. He would have been able to change the drug’s formulation as much as he wanted.

‘He heard from Anna that I knew about the drug’s unique scent and took the precaution to get rid of it. Why did he go to that extent? Plus, even if he treated my infertility, it’s not like we could have a child just because my infertility got cured. My husband cannot have a child normally. He said that the woman has to prepare her body with a special herb.’

There was no way Philip wouldn’t have known that.

‘Mugwort!’

An idea suddenly flashed into her mind.

The Philip, whom she met in the dream, was very knowledge about mugwort’s effects whereas other people had no idea, and he had a cure which he called his family’s vision. The question was, why did Philip’s family discovered the cure for such an uncommon illness and leave it as their family’s vision?

‘Since I took mugwort when I was a child, I made my body into something that is infertile but not infertile. It is an unreal coincidence, but if this condition was really the condition for having his child...’

[Sir. Philip said that for the treatment to be effective, Milady must have been pure before your bridal night. It is strange when I think about it now. Why did I believe such words back then?]

‘So Philip checked if I met the conditions.’

Lucia felt a chill run down her spine. Philip’s thoroughness made her very uncomfortable.

‘I have to tell him.’

And there was something she wanted to ask him because she just couldn’t figure out the answer.

* * *

Hugo, who went to the north, returned after three weeks. Hugo went straight to his office, followed by Jerome who had come out to greet him.

“Is my wife sleeping?”

“The Madam went to her bedroom early in the evening. I did not inform her that Your Grace would be returning.”

“You did well. What happened to the prescription I gave you?”

Before Hugo left for Roam, he handed over the prescription that Philip gave him to Jerome. He told him that if Duchess began to suffer from sudden abdominal pain and the doctor couldn’t find the cause but the pain persisted to an intolerable degree, she should be given medicine as the prescription states.

He hoped that what Philip said would not happen.

“Like Your Grace said, the Madam suffered from severe abdominal pain. After she took the prescribed medicine Your Grace gave me, it settled down quickly.”

Hugo’s hopes were shattered. He was greatly disappointed.

“In addition, I found out the components of the Madam’s headache medicine that Your Grace spoke of. I also found out how the Madam’s former doctor obtained that prescription. They are all included in my report.”

Hugo picked up Jerome’s report which was on top of his table and flipped through it. He once again realized Philip’s craftiness in approaching Anna and lamented to himself. His mistake of not recognizing someone like this was painful.

“However, the Madam showed interest in the investigation of the headache medicine.”

“What do you mean by interest?”

“The Madam called her former doctor and met her personally.”

Hugo furrowed his brow. This was unexpected.

“And?”

“She had a pretty long conversation with the former doctor. I was not told what they had talked about.”

Hugo didn’t have any idea what she would have talked to her former doctor about. He sorted out a few urgent documents and headed up to the second floor with a heavy heart.

He had turned his family’s secret room upside down for nearly ten days but couldn’t find anything.

In his family’s genealogical record, there were only records of the Dukes from generation to generation and the Duchesses who bore the successors. There was no information about the mothers of the Duchesses or the Duchess’ parental homes. In the part about their lineage, Philip’s family was mentioned many times, but there was no reference to what method.

As Hugo opened the door to the bedroom, readying to enter, he paused.

The bedroom was lit up moderately with candles and Lucia, who was lying on the bed, lifted her head and exclaimed in delight.

“Hugh! When did you come back?”

“I’ll come to you. Don’t get up.”

Hugo stopped her since she looked like she was going to jump down from the bed. He quickly reached the bed and climbed up on his knees. She had her arms stretched out to him and he wrapped his arms around her, squeezing her tight.

“You came back, and no one came to tell me.”

“They probably thought you were sleeping.”

“Hugh, do you know what happened a little while ago?”

Lucia took Hugo’s hand and placed it on her stomach. Hugo was momentarily startled. In the span of a few weeks, her stomach had grown significantly.

“The baby sent me a signal that it’s doing well in there. It was just a little while ago. I was just lying down, and I heard a sound like water drops. At first, I didn’t know what it was. I thought it was just something like my stomach rumbling when I’m hungry. But after a moment, I heard it again, twice and suddenly, I got goosebumps and my heart started to race. And so I just knew. The baby is talking to me.”

Lucia poured out a string of words without stopping for breath. Hugo could clearly see that she was overwhelmed with emotion and he was moved too. Hugo looked at his hand which was still on her stomach.

“...inside here...?”

“Yea. Wait a little.”

The two of them waited with bated breath for a while but there was no movement from inside Lucia’s abdomen.

Lucia wanted him to feel the overwhelming emotions she had felt. She inwardly urged the baby to move a few times, but it was still.

“It definitely moved a few minutes ago.”

Hugo gently kissed his wife, who looked disappointed.

“Have you been well?”

“Yes. What of you? Did your trip go well?”

“Roughly. I heard your stomach hurt a lot?”

“It was fine soon after I took medication. I was more worried that something would go wrong with the baby.”

“...I see.”

Even if Philip didn’t tell him that the mother would be endangered if he tried to get rid of the baby, Hugo already didn’t plan on doing anything to the child. He had no intention of watching his wife wallow in despair over the loss of her child.

Philip won. When Hugo came back to the capital without finding anything in the secret room, he thought that as long as she could be safe, he would do whatever it takes, even if it meant playing into Philip’s hands.

“Hugh. There is something I wanted to verify when you came back. The headache medicine.”

“What about the headache medicine?”

“The reason I was able to get pregnant was because of the headache medicine, right?”

“...”

His wife was an interesting woman. Sometimes, she was naïve and innocent but at other times, she was very sharp.

Lucia told him about her entire conversation with Anna. Hugo listened attentively, not missing even the trivial parts of what she was saying.

This was high quality information that wasn’t present in Jerome’s report. He was able to get a clear idea of how Philip cleverly maneuvered through the gaps in Anna’s heart, using her trust in him.

Hugo ground his teeth at Philip, who had hundreds of snakes crawling in his stomach.

‘Mugwort, huh? Is that related?’

Hugo felt like he was grasping onto something. It seemed like there would be a way to use this information.

“But Hugh. What I can’t understand the most is why Sir. Philip did this.”

It was Lucia’s biggest question and dilemma. She didn’t know why Philip went to the extent of playing so many tricks so that she could get pregnant. It was too much to see it as mere loyalty. Not only was the method less than decent, she could feel an unpleasant obsession.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (5)

“You already have a successor. Did Sir. Philip say that he was dissatisfied because Damian is unqualified to succeed the family? But even that doesn’t match up. I cannot have a son. There’s no way Sir. Philip doesn’t know that.”

Hugo could not conceal his bafflement. Lucia realized that she had thrown out a sharp question. He usually gave her the honest answer to whatever she asked. But this time, no matter how long she waited, he did not open his mouth.

She did not want to ask him questions that made it difficult for him. If it was something he couldn’t tell her, she didn’t intend to interrogate further.

Lucia might have retreated if this was before she was with a child. However, the strong feelings she got from the baby’s movement had not yet subsided. She felt wonder towards the life growing up within her and blossoming maternal love began to grow in her heart.

She couldn’t let issues related to her baby just pass by. Even though she felt that the core of the secret he wanted to hide was related to this issue, she had no choice but to be stubborn.

“You promised me, Hugh. You said you would think again about telling me your secret if I implored you.”

Her steady amber eyes were lit with stubbornness as she looked straight at him. Hugo let out a troubled sigh.

“If you just can’t tell me even after thinking about it again, I will follow your will. I just want to know if the reason you can’t tell me is because you’re worried about revealing your secret.”

“...it’s not something good to hear. For you. And for the child too.”

“I am fine. Our baby will be fine too. You boasted that there was no way your child was weak, didn’t you?”

Hugo gave a brief chuckle, mixed with a sigh.

“I can’t win against you.”

Hugo revealed all of the secrets that he knew to her. He told her everything, his family’s secret, the truth regarding the incestuous marriages, even Philip’s lies.

The only thing he excluded was the fact that his identity was the abandoned ‘Hue’. That fact was still a dragon’s reverse scale that he didn’t dare to touch.

“So Sir. Philip cannot escape from his nonsensical delusion.”

Lucia simply stated how she felt. Unlike what he was concerned about, she accepted his surprising story calmly.

“Hugh. Damian is my son. And he will be an older brother to our newborn child. I want to raise my two children as close brother and sister. I do not want to pass the Taran family’s secret to the children.”

“I am of the same thought.”

“Does this thing still worry you? Is that why you couldn’t tell me?”

“I didn’t tell you because...it was so disgusting.”

Seeing her husband go quiet again, Lucia sighed.

“...did you think I might look at you differently...?”

“...”

His lack of response was like an answer. Lucia wonder what she should do with this timid black lion.(1) She felt like crying because she felt sorry and he seemed so loveable. She raised herself up, wrapped her arms tightly around his neck and buried her face in his check.

Lucia wished love could be seen with the naked eyes. She wanted to open her heart and show him how much she loved him. How could she explain to him that even if he was hiding a dreadful secret, her love for him would not change?

“Actually, Hugh, I have a secret I have not been able to tell you too. Would you like to hear my story?”

Lucia opened the doors to the secret that she had been trying to bury her entire life. She began the story from the morning she woke up when she was 12 years old.

“...And like that, that terrible marriage life finally came to an end.”

Lucia stopped talking for a moment and glanced at him to check his expression.

“Why did you stop? Continue.”

“...you look very scary.”

His expression was dripping with murderous intent. His red eyes were so brightly sharp that for the first time, Lucia felt he was a little scary.

“Do you...think it’s too ridiculous so you’re unhappy?”

“It’s not that!”

Hugo breathed raggedly and swept up his hair in a rough manner.

Count Matin. He shouldn’t have killed that bastard so easily. It was beyond vexing. He gnashed his teeth, filled with indignation. To hear that she had lived as the wife of such trash and went through all sorts of hardship was so gut-wrenching.

Furthermore, when he thought about the King’s shameless mug, he was suddenly very irritated. The King was the chief instigator. Kwiz sold off his sister.

No. The biggest problem was the innocent woman before him.

“My wife, why are you like this, really? Why can’t you be filled with spite?”

“...Huh?”

“You had to go through all that. But. You only ask me to take measures so that that bastard can’t marry the princess?”

If he had known this, he would have given the bastard all the pain possible in the world and killed him in the most miserable way! The fact that the bastard was already dead infuriated him.

“...Hugh. Thank you for listening to me seriously. This isn’t something that happened in reality so...”

“If you remember it then it is no different from experiencing it. It is not just a simple dream to you, is it? It is an experience you lived through.”

“...Yes. Yes but...”

“If I knew then that bastard—!”

“He is already dead. What can one do to the dead?”

She thought that Count Matin had died in an accident and the fact the he couldn’t truthfully tell her that he had taken action and gotten rid of him, frustrated him even more.

“If you’re getting so worked up, I’ll stop the story here.”

Hugo breathed in a few times to calm himself down. He had to hear more. Although her story was unrealistic, he did not think it was absurd.

It strangely made things make sense. Whether it was her composure which was unsuitable for her age, or her shrewd ability to cope which was unlike a princess who had been locked up in the palace since childhood. Sometimes he had questions regarding her but just buried them, however, all those questions were being answers.

In addition, Hugo knew quite a lot about magical tools, thanks to his family’s secret room. Like his wife said, the pendant was very likely a magical tool, and such a bizarre ability was very possible for a magical tool.

The reason why most currently widely known magical tools were seen as nothing more than a toy, was because the humans in the present age did not have the ability to recognize magical tools with more functions than a toy.

“Continue, I will just listen.”

Lucia swallowed her laughter as she gazed at her husband who looked like he would explode if someone touched him. She was thankful for him for listening to her seriously and not assuming she was speaking nonsense. Rather, she was more concerned because he seemed too seriously immersed in her story.

Translator’s Corner:

1. If I recall correctly, black lion is the symbol of the Taran family. Please correct me if I’m wrong.

T/N: One last time, the hangul for:

[Hugo] is [휴고]

[Hugh] is [휴]

[Hue] is [히우]

The [Hugh] Lucia calls, is like a short form of Hugo. [Hue] is Hugo’s birth name. [Hugo] is his brother’s birth name. His brother died, he took his brother’s place as well as his brother’s name. Fin.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 119.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (5)

Lucia began her story again. When she reached the part of the story where she started getting acquainted with a knight as she was running her workshop, his expression looked considerably sour.

As she talked about how she was swindled and lost all her money, Lucia secretly glanced at his expression and found that it was surprisingly okay. She was relieved that he understood that her story wasn’t something that happened in reality.

However, inwardly, Hugo was thinking about something different.

‘So there’s a guy left for me to vent on.’

There was a bastard who could take Count Matin’s share of the crushing. Hugo thought to himself that he had to coax her into telling him who the man was.

When she finished her lengthy story, Lucia sucked in a deep breath and closed her eyes for a while. She used to think of her dream as something that she could never tell anyone. For the first time, she spoke of something that had only been lodged in her mind, and as she did so, she was yet again able to look back on it as another lifetime.

Lucia smiled bashfully at her husband, who was staring at her.

“You aren’t thinking, ‘this woman is crazy’, right?”

Hugo felt stunned, but he couldn’t explain why, so he silently hugged her. He didn’t speak words of comfort about the exhausting life she experienced. Rather, he was the one being comforted.

He was saved by her, unlike himself in her dream. His other self who was unable to find her, would have spent his lifetime with a dried out heart.

“Hugh, I have lived a life where I was thrown around left and right. I am not a princess who grew up prettily in the palace. Do I seem different to you now?”

“You know that’s impossible.”

“It’s the same for me too. No matter what secret you have. You are you.”

Hugo gave a shallow laugh, still hugging her. What in the world was he afraid of? The darkness that had restricted him for so many years, dispersed with a light wave from her hand.

The slender woman in his arms had a heart so steady that it surprised him. He hadn’t understood it when people said that a woman’s will was sometimes stronger than a man’s. But now he did.

“The problem is, Damian.”

“Damian?”

“When that child grows up and finds a woman he loves, he won’t be able to have a child in a normal way. But since I know the method, it should turn out fine somehow. Hugh, I told you that my illness was cured because I met a wandering doctor, right? That doctor was actually Sir. Philip.”

“...What?”

Lucia gave a description of the Philip she had met in her dream.

“I haven’t met Philip personally in reality, but is the doctor I met indeed Sir. Philip?”

“...I think it is.”

“You know, I’ve thought about it and I think the mugwort herb is the key to the continuation of the Taran family lineage.”

“...You are...right.”

Hugo muttered vacantly. The prescription she received in her dreams must have been the vision that was passed down in Philip’s family, from generation to generation. That vision was the only solution. He had to obtain it.

‘Where in the world did they hide it?’

A record that has been around for such a long time would be quite large. To hide it, they would need to put it in a place that was inconspicuous but with a considerable amount of space.

Hugo remembered an old memory. In the days when he was acting like a doll, following the instructions of the late former Duke, he met his brother once a month in order to confirm his brother’s safety.

He rode all day in a carriage without windows, arrived at a vast plain with nothing around, and then the carriage carrying his brother arrived. When he asked his brother where he was staying, his brother replied:

[I don’t know either. It is a very small village, but I can’t move around freely because there’s someone watching me. I am always given drugs to sleep before I get on the carriage to see you. Going off by how often I woke up in the middle to eat, the carriage must have been moving for a few days.]

The small village that his brother talked about was in a very remote location, and he thought that it was something like a safe house. Maybe the hideout of Philip’s family was there, and the records might be there as well.

When he became the Duke, he spent quite some time trying to find the hideout, but he failed. The search range of ‘a few days’ was too wide.

‘She said the old man went to a secret location and brought the cure back in a week.’

Anna’s testimony was an important clue. Philip must have gone to the hideout to make the cure. With how cautious Philip was, he would not have taken a carriage. He would have walked with care not to be followed, and if the time he took to make the drug was removed, it took the old man approximately three days to walk there. With this knowledge, the range had narrowed down significantly and it wasn’t too vast to comb through to find that village.

The measurement of a ‘a few days’ taken from the carriage’s traveling time had been deceptive.

‘It must be an enclosed village. The entrance to the village will be hidden.’

He had to send an order to the north, giving specific search directions immediately. But despite having narrowed down the range, he couldn’t guarantee when it could be found.

A thought suddenly flashed through his head. It was like a fog that was before him suddenly got cleared.

Hugo abruptly got up, startling his wife whose eyes got round, and seeing that sight, Hugo thought she couldn’t look more pretty. He grabbed her face and planted kisses all over.

“My wife. You said you remember the cure, right? Tell it to me.”

“Yea, sure.”

Lucia replied, looking puzzled.

“Thank you. That is enough.”

Hugo left his dazed wife behind and went out of the bedroom quickly.

Lucia couldn’t understand his last words or strange actions, but she could tell that for some reason, he was very excited and it made her giggle. Lucia laid down on the bed and placed both hands on her stomach. She wanted to feel the baby’s movement that she felt earlier, again.

“Baby. Move. It’s your mom.”

Lucia continued to speak slowly. After a good while, she felt a vibration like her water was moving, as if the baby was answering her. Lucia burst into cheery laughter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (6)

A few days later, Hugo went to the safe house and into the underground secret chamber where Philip was confined. Before Hugo went into the room, his knights had already tied Philip to the chair like previously.

Hugo stared at Philip and slowly sat down on the opposite chair. Philip looked like he had aged drastically in the span of a month. He had only been fed enough to satisfy his hunger and hadn’t seen the sun in a long time. Hugo’s gaze was only filled with ferociousness as he looked at the haggard old man.

“Seeing as I haven’t seen you in a long time, you must have gone to the North.”

Hugo’s eyebrow twitched.

“And I’m sure you couldn’t find anything.”

The Duke’s only response was to silently stare at him, but Philip was convinced that he had seized a chance at victory.

Philip had absolutely no intention of doing anything to harm the precious little miss that would be born soon, but the Duke would not believe Philip. Although he would not believe Philip, the Duke was in a disadvantageous position. He would not refuse proposal that concerned the Duchess’ safety.

“You want something.”

“I will make medicine that will guarantee the safety of the Duchess and the little miss.”

“I have no intention of letting you see even a strand of my wife’s hair.”

“Do as you wish. You can also give her the drug I make yourself.”

Philip smiled with ease, looking at the Duke’s eyes which were filled with distrust. He hadn’t forgotten the proverb that a cornered mouse would bite the cat.

The Duke’s cruel and ferocious nature could burst open at any time. If he was driven to a dead end, it was possible for him to kill Philip without thinking of the aftermath because he couldn’t endure the humiliation of being controlled by Philip.

It was necessary for Philip to set up conditions that could sufficiently accommodate the Duke.

“I will not approach the Madam, nor will I approach your daughter. I will follow your intention to raise the little miss and young master Damian as siblings.”

“Whether you will follow or not, is not something for you to decide. I can only hear that you are so deluded, you cannot even grasp your own position.”

The Duke spoke bitingly but his voice had audibly softened. The corner of Philip’s lips curved in a thin smile. He began to make a deal with the Duke.

“It is not exactly necessary for young master Damian’s bride to be born from the Madam.”

“Are you saying another woman should bear my child?”

Philip was silent as if admitting to it.

‘The old man has a clever head on his shoulders.’

Hugo thought to himself that if the old man had advanced in the business world, he might have made a name for himself as a business tycoon.

His opponent was tense about what enormous demand he might make for the safety of both his pregnant wife and baby, but he caught his opponent off guard by proposing something seemingly minor in comparison to that, relieving the burden on his opponent’s mind. It was an excellent way to make a deal.

However, Philip made the most fundamental mistake of not knowing his opponent well. A proposal to sleep with another woman under the pretext of doing it for his wife and soon-to-be-born child, was not a proposal accommodating or acceptable for Hugo.

Hugo had absolutely no intention of breaking his promise to be a faithful husband and above all, he still loathed his blood. His soon-to-be born child was only special because it was from his wife.

The mere thought of a woman other than his wife, bearing his blood, was nauseating. When he thought of a situation where he had to hold a strange woman to propagate his species, the biggest problem was that it was physically impossible.

‘I don’t think it will stand.’

Hugo folded his arms and fell into thought as he lowered his gaze to his lower abdomen. He wondered how Philip would look if he told him that he couldn’t meet his demands due to physical issues.

It was a frivolous thought that didn’t match the seriousness of the situation. Nothing had been solved, but he strangely felt at ease. It was a good feeling as if everything would turn out well.

Since the time Hugo captured Philip, he ordered a search into Philip’s residence in Roam and Philip’s residence at the northern border, and was still searching for Philip’s hideout.

As expected, nothing was found in Philip’s residence and the effort to find Philip’s hideout was indefinite, like trying to find a needle in a desert.

However, a few days ago, Hugo got a few clues that narrowed the scope and was able to give concrete instructions. By now, the order must have already been delivered. He did not expect to find the hideout easily. He could find it within a few months or it could take even longer than that.

He couldn’t wait indefinitely until he found Philip’s hideout. If he didn’t go to meet Philip for a long time, he didn’t know what schemes might form in the old man’s head. Hugo judged that now was the best time to catch the old bastard off guard.

The current Hugo was no longer in a unilaterally disadvantageous position. He had obtained sole but powerful information that was Philip’s prescription.

Having this information, Hugo had more time to take a back seat and look at the situation from afar. He realized that his biggest mistake was getting enticed by Philip’s deliberate words.

Philip’s remark about his wife being in danger when she gave birth, had a loophole.

It was impossible for Philip not to know that with Hugo’s personality, if the child had killed its mother on its way out, he would have sent the child after its mother. If it failed, the precious miss of Taran bloodline dies.

With the old man’s craziness about the Taran bloodline, he didn’t seem like one to gamble.

‘This old bastard lies every time he opens his mouth.’

Hugo decided to make a decisive move. Philip watched the Duke’s eyes cool down and judged that the Duke was willing to make a deal with him calmly.

“I cannot understand your proposal.”

Hugo tried to find out a little more about Philip’s plans.

“What might you mean?”

“Is it so easy to get a child? What if there are no issues until the child is born? If my wife gives birth safely, you’re dead.”

Philip didn’t even blink despite the murderous intent that filled that last sentence.

“The Madam will have to keep taking my medicine until a bride for young master Damian is born. Why? Because until then, the medicine I give, will be less effective.”

Philip had no intention of harming the Duchess’ life for the yet to be born little miss, but he planned to alternate between a drug that deprived the Duchess’ energy and one that restored it.

If she was confined to bed and recovered her energy after taking Philip’s medicine, the Duke would have no choice but to listen to Philip to get the drug.

“Let’s assume the child is born as you intended. What about after that? Do you think I will let you and the child live?”

“For that issue, you simply have to make a promise to assure my safety.”

“Promise?”

Hugo broke out in a sneer.

“Do you believe I will keep that promise?”

Was this bastard that naïve? Hugo felt amused like he was watching a scene from a comedy skit.

“I want to believe but unfortunately, this is a world where trust can be found lacking. Does young master think that the heads of the Taran family were obediently convinced that something as crucial as continuing that Taran family line was in our family’s hands?”

For many generations, every single head of the Taran family wished to know how to continue their bloodline after they came out of the secret room.

The ancestors of Philip’s family held onto their secrets very tightly so they did not bring danger upon themselves. They released most of the facts that the Taran heads were curious about, according to demands.

In exchange for the head of the Taran family satisfying the curiosity, he had to promise not to tell anyone nor leave any record. Of course, it was not just a verbal promise. There was a way to make promises compulsory.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (6)

“There is a treasure passed down in our family for generations. It is a magical tool that binds its contractor.” (Philip)

“Interesting. And how did you plan on getting that magical tool? You can’t get a foot out of here.”(Hugo)

“I’ve kept it in a safe place for safekeeping, but you can ask someone to bring it. No one else can use it anyways. It is an exclusive contract, so one of the contracting parties must be one of our family members.”

Hugo lost interest in the unique magical tool. Philip was the only one remaining out of his family. The old man was basically saying that once he dies, the magical tool becomes garbage.

According to his investigations, Philip did not get married again after his wife and son died, and he was continually alone after his father died. Now that he thought about it, it was strange that the old man had no descendants to inherit his will, even though he was so obsessed.

‘Well, this bastard’s private situation is none of my concern.’

He decided that he must kill the old bastard. Philip’s family would come to an end with Philip’s death.

“What of the woman? Not any woman can have my child, no?”

“That is prepared.”

“It is prepared?”

When Philip mentioned holding another woman, Hugo anticipated this, but to really hear Philip say that there was a woman, made him speechless. How much had the old man pulled wool over his eyes, scheming and deceiving him?

“So you mean you did such a thing arbitrarily, without my permission.”

“It is a mission our family has done for generations. It is not something done after getting permission.”

“And if the woman you prepared can’t get pregnant?”

“There is a readied replacement.”

“It’s not just one or two women prepared, huh. You’ve set up a training camp.”

Hugo burst into uncontrollable laughter.

“There’s a limit to treating someone like a stud.”

Hugo mumbled, irritatedly. He thought to himself that the heads of the Taran family who accepted such treatment were crazy bastards.

“Let’s summarize this. In exchange for you giving my wife medication, I will share a bed with a woman you’ve prepared and have a child. You’ll raise the child and I’ll sign a contract, promising not to touch you. So what about after that? Do you think Damian will move the way you want?”

“I do not know much of the distant future. I simply do what I can do right now.”

“You don’t look at the future.”

Hugo got an important clue. He seemed to have found the reason for Philip’s confidence. When Philip was speaking about his wife not being safe after giving birth, his attitude wasn’t confidence based on the truth but recklessness like a tiger moth running into a bonfire.

“Old man. I understand what you want. When should I make a decision?”

“She has to take the medicine at least a month before she is due, for strengthening of the body.”

“So the more my wife’s stomach grows, the more restless I will be. You know how to strike cleverly, old man. Is this also a method passed down in your family for generations?”

“...”

Philip’s expression slightly stiffened. It wasn’t that the Duke’s provoking tone was bothering him. Philip was rather confident that he was in an advantageous position. If the Duke couldn’t abandon the Duchess, he had no choice but to be drawn into his proposal.

However, that belief began to crack a little. No matter how he looked at it, the Duke’s attitude wasn’t that of someone with an unfavorable contract ahead. He couldn’t shake off the strange feeling of incongruity.

‘What might have gone wrong?’

He might have crossed the line that bordered the Duke’s pride. If the Duke valued his pride more than the Duchess and refused to make a deal with Philip regardless of the Duchess’ safety, then the plan was a failure. The Duchess would be fine even if she gave birth to the baby when she reached full term. If the Duke discovered Philip’s lies, Philip was as good as dead.

‘No. Even if affection is briefly passionate and nothing but lust, it is not yet time for the fire to go out.’

When one’s momentum was suppressed, that was the end of it. Once you lost your footing, it became a situation where you were standing at a crossroads, plunging down an endless depth.

“I am going to need to definite answer. Will my wife die after giving birth if she does not take the medicine you give me?”

“For the Madam’s safety...”

“Answer ‘yes’ or ‘no’.”

“...That is correct.”

“What is ‘correct’?”

“The Madam will not live long.”

Philip tried to keep a calm expression as he faced the red eyes staring at him as if it could see right through him. When the Duke’s lips slowly curved and he began to laugh, Philip felt chills on his back.

“You know, the reason I came to see your bastardous face today is because I was curious what bullshit you would spout. You do not disappoint.”

The moment Philip’s expression distorted, Hugo sensed that it was his victory. And he was confident of it.

“What do you think I found in the north?”

“...”

“Mugwort, it’s called. Such an interesting thing. To think such a common weed was the secret to continuing the Taran bloodline.”[1]

Philip’s expression was unchanged. But his mind was furiously spinning. The Duke was bluffing. Philip had already anticipated this much. He had no intention of being trapped.

‘He got clued to the mugwort through Anna and is making a vain guess.’

Philip gave a relaxed smile like usual and said.

“I do not know what you’re talking about. I am aware of the Madam’s absence of menstruation symptom due to intake of mugwort. That’s why I said I would give her treatment.”

Hugo chuckled and began listing off the names of herbs, one by one. These were the contents of the prescription that Lucia had received from Philip in her dream.

The smile on Philip’s composed face began to stiffen. It was the complete mugwort prescription that was never to be revealed to the head of the Taran family. Indeed, it was the vision that was passed down only to the descendants of Philip’s family for generations. He couldn’t be sure without reading his family’s secret notebook.

“I found your hideout, you bastard.”

Philip’s face completely collapsed. His distorted expression had turned black and his face was twitching. Hugo made his last verification, catching Philip off guard before he could put his brain to work properly.

“I looked through the records quite thoroughly, but I didn’t see anything about something going wrong after giving birth.”

Hugo watched Philip carefully. If it was true that his wife would die after giving birth, then Philip would immediately realize that Hugo was lying. Seeing Philip’s dark complexion remaining unchanged, Hugo breathed a long, silent sigh.

It was a lie. His wife was safe. Once he put down his fear of possibly losing her, a strong desire to kill Philip surged within him.

“I will let you experience pain that will make you wish for a peaceful death.”

He would never let him die peacefully. Hugo gazed at Philip with a piercing look in his eyes and spoke drearily.

“After Damian, no boy with black hair and red eyes will be born again.”

Philip who had been looking spiritless, lifted his head abruptly. Hugo was pleased to see Philip’s eyes full of despair.

“This is the end of this cursed blood.”

Philip’s face, which always had a relaxed look and a polite smile, was hideously twisted. He glared at Hugo through eyes filled with resentment, anger and despair then he began wailing with strange sounds.

Hugo looked at the convulsing sight of the bastard whom he wouldn’t see again after today, then he turned around and left the room.

“Monitor him thoroughly, just in case he isn’t willing.”

One of the knights replied in affirmative and went into the room. As the stone doors closed, the racket coming from inside stopped. Hugo planned to leave Philip alone for the time being, for safety’s sake. It was only until his wife gave birth safely and the search party had found Philip’s hideout.

The fear that he would receive pain worse than death, despair that his family’s secrets were all revealed and destroyed or Hugo’s last words declaring the end of the Taran line.

‘What would torment that bastard the most, among these three?’

Hugo’s steps were light as he climbed up the stairs. He felt like he could breathe now. This feeling was like he had finally escaped the shadow of the Taran family that had been suppressing him.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] It is way too late to change [mugwort] to [ssamyupsuk] now but the ‘mugwort’ in this story is completely made up. When I first started translating, I used mugwort which was the closest thing to an english name I could find but I should’ve made up something. We’ve already come so far calling it mugwort so I never changed it but yea.

Q: Is bastardous a word?

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 120.3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — The Beginning and the End — > (6)

Lucia smiled cheerily, holding a pair of finished pink socks in one hand. The small sized item could barely fit a few of her fingers but it was lovely.

These days, Lucia had been having a lot of fun making little items for the baby that was coming. She had made a couple of bibs and handkerchiefs, and today, she began knitting a pair of socks in the morning and just finished.

“Oh gosh.”

Lucia looked at her stomach in surprise at the sudden movement from inside. She couldn’t remember when the light wiggles changed to strong kicking movements.

“Sweety, I’m making socks for you to wear. But you see, your mother isn’t very experienced, so it took me almost half a day to make a pair.”

“Will the baby even understand you?”

Lucia flashed a bright smile at her husband, who was approaching her. She didn’t know when he came back. It had been quite a long time since she saw him in the afternoon.

Her husband was very busy lately. In addition to his usual schedule of going out in the morning and returning in the evening, when he was at home, people went in and out of his office until late at night.

Even when they were together, he looked like his mind had flown elsewhere. A few days ago, a carriage full of books and documents arrived and for several days, he was locked up in his office without going out.

“Of course, she understands. Are you done with what you were busy with?”

Lucia thought he looked somewhat lighthearted as he nodded his head.

Around two weeks ago, Hugo received a report that Philip’s hideout had been found and a few days ago, he received all the extensive records from the hideout. Over the course of a few days, he went through the records and found the records of the women that had given birth to the Taran females.

All the women had given birth safely. And when the child was weaned off milk, they were disposed off for secrecy purposes.

Hugo wasn’t even surprised since that was definitely something they would do. With the simple confirmation that his wife would be safe even after giving birth, he felt like a load was lifted off his shoulders. He suddenly missed his wife so much that he immediately left his office and went to the second floor.

Hugo sat next to her, picked up the small knitted socks from her knees and turned it left and right.

“It’s this small?”

“I don’t know either, I can’t see the baby yet but I heard even this size is big. But they say the baby will grow into it quickly. Ah. It just moved. Come on, hurry.”

Lucia quickly grabbed his hand and placed it on her stomach. She waited but there was nothing.

“I think she hates me.”

Hugo had still not felt the baby moving. He wondered how the baby’s movement felt but whenever he brought his hand to feel it, the baby who was just moving would become quiet.

Lucia felt bad for her husband who was disappointed every time, but she also thought it was cute and comforted him.

“There’s no way she does. You’re her father. I think she’s just quite shy.”

“It’s good to be very cautious. I have to teach her well when she’s born. I’m worried she will be too bold like you.”

“What did I do?”

“You came to see me, all by yourself. Don’t do something like that.”

“Then I wouldn’t have married you, you know? Another me might be seeing me in a dream right now. Would you like her to follow your advice?”

Seeing him pondering it, Lucia burst out laughing.

A small exclamation escaped both of their mouths as movement was felt from Lucia’s stomach and they both looked at each other. After that, it moved a few more times in a row. It was as if it was saying that the movement a little while ago was not mistaken.

“The baby is saying hi to you.”

Hugo blankly stared at his hand which was resting on Lucia’s bulging stomach. He realized that a life was really growing inside there. As he watched her stomach grow more and more, he merely thought it was fascinating. Feeling the movement personally was strange for reasons he couldn’t explain. Somewhere in his chest tightened at the feeling.

When he was on edge due to the issues surrounding his wife, he blamed the child at the bottom of his heart. After such dregs disappeared, he felt sorry for even blaming the baby who had done nothing wrong and he felt grateful that the child was growing well.

He lowered his head and kissed her. He smiled, seeing her flushed face, then he supported her back with his hand and followed with a deep kiss.

He swallowed her soft lips and traced every corner of her small mouth. Their tongues intertwined, and they were both absorbed in the heated kiss.

Hugo continued the intense kiss until she needed to breath, then he planted light kisses on her lips like a finishing touch.

“Let’s do it.”

His eyes were filled with lust. Lucia’s face burned red.

“Let me do it. I endured for three months and a half.”

He expected her to be startled or shocked, but she just avoided his gaze slightly. Hugo had been determined to use all means possible, whether it was persuading or pleading, but now, he didn’t know whether her reaction was a good one or not. Hugo decided to interpret it as he liked, abandoning his principle of assuming the worst when in doubt.

She was giving permission. He promptly hugged her before she changed her mind. He put her down on the bed and began to undress.

“Is it okay?”

He climbed over her laying figure on the bed, being careful not to touch her belly, then he lowered his head and kissed her. He didn’t want a situation where she was unwilling but didn’t refuse. Hugo wanted to make love with her. He didn’t want to resolve his desire one-sidedly.

Lucia’s face reddened as she looked in his eyes filled with a mixture of sincerity and longing.

“...Do you really want to do it?”

“I’m at my limit. I don’t know how many nights I’ve spent sleepless. You sleep very well by my side though.”

Lucia pursed her lips slightly. There were times when she woke up at dawn and when she looked at him, he was sleeping quite well.

“Do you not want to? At all? I already asked the doctor. She said we just have to be careful. Since she said it’s fine if I don’t enter too deeply, I asked if we can do a few positions...”

Lucia slapped his arm with her face as red as an apple then she yelled.

“Argh, you’re too much, seriously! Did you really ask that?”

“It’s your doctor. Why not?”

Lucia glowered at his shameless face then she hesitated for a moment before confessing.

“...My body changes as my child grows...I thought you might not be attracted...”

“...Did you have another strange dream?”

“No. I didn’t. It’s just...it’s been a long time since...three months passed.”

Lucia thought that once the three months the doctor asked them to be careful about passed, he would immediately pounce on her. However, when the third month came, a day passed, a few days went by, but he showed no sign of doing anything of the sort, so she felt sad and her confidence faded.

“I know I haven’t been very attentive lately. I’m sorry.” (Hugo)

He had been getting frequent reports on the search for Philip’s hideout and when he received the records, his mind was entirely focused on digging through them. Only after he was convinced she was safe, did he want to see her and hug her.

“I know you’re busy. I understand. Just...I gain weight as my belly increases...”

Hugo looked at his wife’s hesitant figure then he burst out laughing.

“Here I thought I was the only one pining after it, but you wanted to do it too. You should have said so.” (Hugo)

“...you’ll only tease me.” (Lucia)

Hugo chuckled and kissed her lovely reddened lips.

“I love you. No matter what you look like.” (Hugo)

Lucia smiled bashfully and wrapped her arms around his neck. Hugo put his hands around her back too and hugged her tightly.

“I like hugging you and just being like this.” (Lucia)

Hugo moved away from the embrace and asked with a stiff expression.

“Don’t tell me you changed your mind?” (Hugo)

Lucia couldn’t suppress her laughter when she saw the overly serious look on his face so she spoke coyly.

“Even if we don’t do it...”

“Argh, seriously.”

He held Lucia’s chin as she cackled, then he covered her lips with his own.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (1)

Hugo suddenly stopped upon seeing the empty bed. He felt like he knew where she would be, so he heaved a helpless sigh and turned around.

As he expected, the light in the dining room on the first floor was on. She was there, sitting alone on the wide dining table and cutting a steak. Jerome was standing by her side, waiting on her, then he discovered his master and bowed his head. Lucia momentarily locked eyes with her husband as he walked into the dining room, but she turned away with a sullen expression.

Hugo didn’t know if her food would digest when she ate so late and he was sincerely worried about her, so he tried to give her words of concern. But when he glanced sideways and saw his butler furiously shaking his head, he quickly shut his mouth. Right. He was better off not saying anything. These days, everything he said kept rubbing her the wrong way.

A few days ago, Hugo was surprised at her ability to devour a couple slices cake in one sitting at such a late time in the day, so he commented on it. There was no other meaning behind it. It was really just something he said without thinking about it.

[I think you eat too much at night.]

‘What if you get an upset stomach?’ was what he planned on following up with but she immediately put down her fork noisily, sprang to her feet and left. And she was completely in grouch mode; even if he tried to talk to her, she didn’t reply and he didn’t get to even touch her all night.

Several days passed, and her sulky energy still hadn’t disappeared, so he was continuously on his tiptoes.

‘Master, please.’

Jerome was afraid that his master would say the wrong thing.

Although Jerome was unmarried, he had watched the process of his nephews being born. Around the time when the baby was almost due, Fabian always made the same mistake and would end up getting kicked out in the middle of the night, then he would come to Jerome to whine.

[I only said I think she has gained some weight. Why is she throwing dishes at me because I said she’s gained a few?]

[I mean, I felt like she was eating too much, and I was worried she might have an upset stomach, so I said it out of concern.]

When he heard it, he didn’t think Fabian had said anything overboard. His sister-in-law was an easygoing person, so she wasn’t the type to get angry over a slip of the tongue.

It was thanks to this that Jerome became enlightened. He gained the precious knowledge that pregnant women became very sensitive and one especially shouldn’t speak about anything concerning food or body shape to a pregnant woman.

“Is there anything for me?”

When Hugo asked as he sat down at the table, Jerome swiftly replied.

“It will be brought out soon.”

Lucia slightly glanced at Hugo, who had taken a seat, and she put a piece of steak into her mouth. It was really delicious. She savored the taste of the delicious meat that seemed to melt inside her mouth.

She didn’t used to be the type to enjoy eating a lot of meat. However, ever since having a child in her stomach, her appetite had changed. Even she herself was aware of the fact that her appetite had dramatically increased and that she was eating a lot all the time.

‘It’s because the baby is hungry.’

Even the doctor said that it was good for the child’s development, so she should eat as much as she wanted. Although she used the excuse that it was the baby, when she turned around after eating and found herself hungry again, she felt like she was seized by her instinctual appetite and she felt oddly frustrated. And her husband’s comment in the midst of this made her very upset.

She knew he didn’t mean to criticize her. However, the sulkiness she felt hadn’t settle. Even though she was acting pointlessly cranky, he did not get annoyed, even once. On the contrary, he watched her as if he had made a huge mistake.

She felt both thankful and sorry. As she watched him cut his steak silently, the grudge she was holding alone, melted away.

“I went to the palace this afternoon.” (Lucia)

The doctor advised that after her pregnancy was stable, some moderate movements would make for an easier delivery. So, Lucia made light visits outside. She visited the palace frequently, especially since Katherine had come back to visit and was staying at the palace.

“The princess has really grown up a lot. Children seem to really grow up in an instant.” (Lucia)

Hugo relaxed, sensing that his wife’s voice was amiable. It looked like her anger had disappeared. It wasn’t like this before, but nowadays, if her feelings got hurt, it took quite some time before she relaxed.

His only comfort was that the doctor told him a pregnant woman’s sensitivity would improve after childbirth.

‘I can’t do this a second time.’

He was glad that this was the first and last time. Although it was wonderful to watch the changes happening in his pregnant wife, it was also exhausting.

His wife’s stomach getting bigger was only a marvel at first, now it was scary. He was struck with the fear that her stomach might burst if it kept growing without any limits.

His wife’s increased appetite also worried him. Despite her eating so much, his wife’s body shape didn’t change much. He couldn’t fathom just how much the baby in her stomach was eating.

The strange life growing within her had only felt unfamiliar to him. Nowadays, as the fetus fussed around and wriggled, he could feel it vividly.

Unlike his vague imagination, a human’s growth process was close to an animal’s. The doctor told him that it was a normal reaction and that the baby was showing normal growth, however, Hugo couldn’t shake off the doubt that the baby could be unusual because it was his child.

There were 2-3 months left until the baby was born. The remaining days were still far off so Hugo’s heart felt heavy.

“Today, Her Highness the Queen said that when the baby is born, we should tie the knot as in-laws.”

Hugo’s eyebrows contorted into a frown. The King also said the same thing. He asked if Hugo would consider tying the knot as in-laws, no matter if the baby turned out to be a boy or a girl. He said it in a manner where one wasn’t sure if he was joking or serious, so Hugo interpreted it as a complete joke. To him, the royal couple were simply talking nonsense, so he spoke resolutely.

“That is out of the question.”

“Why?”

“His Majesty’s eldest son is ten years old. The age difference is too large for a child that’s just being born.”

“Oh? But His Majesty doesn’t have only one son. Why do you only consider the first prince?”

“Then it makes even less sense. To marry my daughter, they have to at least be the next King.”

Lucia forced a laugh in disbelief.

“So, because of age, it’s a no. And because of status, it’s a no. Wow. Our daughter will die an old spinster.”

“Since we’re on this topic, what do you think of bringing in a live-in son in law?”[1]

“We have Damian, why should we bring in a son-in-law?”

“What does this have to do with Damian?”

“Are you asking because you really don’t know?”

Getting a live-in son-in-law was a final means in Xenon’s family custom. It happened in cases where there was no son to continue the family and none of the relatives had a son for them to adopt. In other words, there were no cases where a live-in son-in-law was brought in when the family already had a son.

“He should be very grateful to even get married to my daughter.”

Lucia gave her husband a sidelong scowl.

“Don’t try to plan a future for a child that’s not even born yet.”

When Lucia placed down her fork, Hugo quickly did the same.

He expected her to get up quickly, but she asked Jerome to serve desserts instead. Hugo moved restlessly in his seat, stood up then sat back down. As he watched his wife devour the green grapes that Jerome had swiftly brought out, he felt a sense of wonder.

‘How does she fit in all that food?’

“Is it okay to eat so much of one specific food?” (Hugo)

Ever since the harvest season for green grapes arrived, Lucia lived with them in her mouth. For several days after the green grapes were delivered to the ducal residence, she had almost nothing but grapes for her meals. Nevertheless, even though she was just eating them as snacks these days, she had a bunch a few times a day.

“The doctor said it was okay. She said it’s best for me to eat what I want to.”

After eating a huge cluster of green grapes, Lucia stood up.

“Jerome. Bring a bunch of green grapes to the second floor.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Hugo wanted to say it might be better for her to stop eating now but seeing Jerome shaking his head in a resolute manner made him close his mouth.

He decided to follow his butler’s advice. After all, he didn’t want to say something to annoy his wife when she only just forgave the last one. He quickly followed after his wife as she left the dining room.

Once his master and mistress left the dining room, Jerome heaved a sigh of relief. For some reason, he felt like he had just passed a crisis. As he was cleaning up from their meal, he began to laugh. His master didn’t look like a wild beast at all, following after the Madam like that. He looked more like a docile big dog. His look seemed to get worse over time.

‘I wonder why they are both so certain that the baby is going to be a girl? Is it that they are hoping for a girl?’

This was the question that was always on Jerome’s mind, every time he heard his master and mistress talking.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] A live-in son-in-law is a husband that takes his wife’s family’s name. Usually lives with his wife’s parents too.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 121.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (1)

In order to avoid putting pressure on her pronounced stomach, Hugo hugged her from behind while planting kisses on her back. His inner thighs were glued to her soft behind.

He slowly moved his waist, repeating shallow penetrations into her from behind. He took her bosom that had grown voluptuous after her pregnancy and kneaded them carefully. She didn’t like it when he held it strongly because it would hurt.

He couldn’t move too fiercely or enter too deeply. There were only a few positions that he could do.

They could only do it twice a week. When he got angry after being told to only do it once a week, the doctor reluctantly said that twice a week was okay as long as it was done carefully. This was the result he got after she took a step back.

‘Huu...this is crazy.’

He was currently tasting a delicacy of heaven. It was difficult because he was anxious as he enjoyed himself, but if he didn’t taste it at all, he didn’t know how he’d survive. Even as he was doing it, he felt like he would explode from the frustrations.

He wanted to enter all the way in and feel her tightening on him. He wanted to try out all sorts of positions. He wanted to hear her cries and screams of pleasure.

“Hnn...”

When he heard the brief sigh that spilled from her lips, he pushed his soaring excitement back down again. She had grown more tired as her stomach got bigger, so she didn’t feel much inclination to having sex, but her insides had become more sensitive and it made him tense.

He pushed in a little deeper and her moist innards spasmed before narrowing. Her hot vaginal walls squeezed his penis tightly and he clenched his teeth at this rising pleasure.

“Ah! Hugh, you’re too...”

“Sorry. I went too hard there.”

As soon as he entered strongly in his momentarily fuddled state, her reaction immediately showed that it was difficult for her. His wife was like a thin glass that seems like it would break with a single touch.

“Hugh, stop. My stomach is cramping.”

He hadn’t had a proper taste yet. But hearing her say that her stomach hurt made him incapable of disobeying. Hugo reacted very sensitively to what she said, not because of his worry for the child, but because he was afraid that something might go wrong with his wife, who was pregnant.

He tossed aside his insisting lingering regret and carefully pulled out. His unsatisfied desire was boiling over, so Hugo swallowed a sigh.

Once in three times when they did it, they would stopped like this in the middle. His patience was being tested. And in the process, he was discovering himself anew and realizing that he had a lot of patience.

“Are you okay?”

“I’m okay now.”

“Shouldn’t I call the doctor?”

“No, it’s not that bad.”

His voice in her ear was filled with worry. Lucia honestly like his unusually excessive worry of her. He poured all his care on her as if she would be blown away with a little wind. She felt like she had become a queen looking down at the world.

“Hugh, do you think the baby will have your hair and eyes?”

“I doubt it. Only the males are born with black hair and red eyes.”

Lucia sighed disappointedly.

“I wanted her to have your hair or your eyes.”

“I’d like it better if she looked like you.”

Hugo was satisfied with both the fact that his child would be a girl and that she would not be born with the features pertaining to the loathsome Taran bloodline.

“You know, when the child is born, I would like for Damian to come home. The end of the semester should be in the winter. I want him to meet his new sibling.”

“I’ll ask the Academy for an outing permit in advance.”

“I’m worried because the children will have quite a bit of an age difference. Damian is so mature, he might find his younger sister bothersome.”

Lucia was very careful in telling Damian that he would be getting a younger sibling. She agonized about it, and when her pregnancy reached a stable period, she put down a few words at the end of her letter. She hoped that the birth of his sibling wouldn’t hurt Damian in any way.

Sometime later, Damian replied with a long letter, reporting his life in the Academy as usual. And at the end, he wrote down his feedback in a brief sentence.

<< I am happy to hear the good news too. >>

There was no mention of his soon-to-be born sibling anywhere in the letter.

Lucia couldn’t tell what Damian felt from the letter alone, so she was continually worried about him. No matter how dependable and mature Damian was, he was still a child. She worried that he might feel a sense of distance because of the fact that his mother and sister were different from him.

Moreover, Damian and the baby were born far apart from each other. She thought that she had to make frequent opportunities for the children to meet and build affection.

“Is it okay?” (Hugo)

“What?” (Lucia)

“I thought...you might be uncomfortable about Damian.” (Hugo)

According to the customs of the Taran family, the soon-to-be-born baby was Damian’s bride. After Hugo confided in her about all the secrets of the Taran family, he thought that even if there were any changes in her from before, especially in her attitude or feelings towards Damian, he could understand.

“...I see you didn’t believe me.” (Lucia)

Lucia was slightly shocked. Since he thought this way, Damian’s thoughts could be more extreme. She was in low spirits because she felt like she could see the uneasy feelings of her distant son.

“I told you Damian is my son.” (Lucia)

“...It’s not that I didn’t believe you.”

“From the moment Damian called me ‘mother’, I became his mother. Do you know how happy I am to have such a kind son? He is young, yet so diligent. I want to take him around and brag that he is my son.”

“You’re really generous with the boy.”

“He has a shortcoming too.”

“Oh? What?”

Hugo asked intently.

“He is too blunt. We can put that aside as an inborn personality and say it can’t be helped, but I am most worried about him becoming a playboy when he grows up.”

She didn’t add the words, ‘like you’, to that sentence, but Hugo flinched. Then he squeezed her tighter in his arms and whispered in her ear.

“Don’t worry. Since he’s like me, when he marries, he won’t look at another woman again.”

Lucia burst into laughter. He had been getting increasingly better at devising clever excuses. Seeing that she was in a good mood, Hugo’s hand sneakily traced her inner thigh.

“Want to continue?”

“I’m going to sleep.”

His ruthless wife flatly declined and fell fast asleep after a while. Hugo was saddened by the fact that he was the only one struggling with yearning for her warmth.

‘Kid, when am I going to be able to see you?”

His anticipation for his daughter was closer to thinly-veiled personal interest, than paternal love.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122.1
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (2)

After summer ended, the cool autumn wind began to flow in. When it reached the month of the Duchess’ due date, the ducal residence went into full-scale preparation for the delivery.

The Royal palace sent a skilled doctor, a seasoned midwife who had delivered royal descendants for decades, and assistants. As the number of residents in the mansion grew, the extensive ducal residence felt crowded.

Everyone’s attention was focused on the Duchess. They were in a state of alert, waiting for the signs of the labor pains that could come at any moment.

Nowadays, Lucia was unable to be alone, anywhere. She felt uncomfortable being watched intently all day, but she endured it when she thought of the baby.

“Ah...”

Lucia put her teacup down, held her stomach and frowned. Starting from a few days ago, her stomach felt stiff and her lower belly ached softly. However, since she woke up this morning, a tingling pain climbing up her waist came frequently. It came earlier and now it started again.

“Are you having pain?”

The midwife checked the hourglass by the window. The intervals were still far apart but they were regular.

“I think the labor is starting. Please escort the Madam to the bedroom.”

Suddenly, everyone began to move frantically. Jerome, who was serving the tea, blanched white. He blankly watched the maids help the Madam out of the receiving room, then he regained his sensed with a start. He remembered the first thing he had to do. He moved to inform his master of this news.

* * *

A carriage dashed into the ducal residence. Before the servant could open the doors from the outside, Hugo opened it personally and jumped out of the carriage.

Jerome sent a messenger to the palace to inform Hugo, but at the time, Hugo was in an important national conference. Two hours had already passed when he got the news after the meeting.

Hugo flew up the stairs, burst open the door to the bedroom, then he suddenly stopped. The bedroom was quiet, and when his wife saw him, she smiled sweetly at him from her spot on the bed.

Hugo approached her bed with confusion; he had run home, prepared to face a pandemonium.

“You’ve given birth?”

Pfft. Lucia burst out laughing and the people standing around, waiting on her, turned their heads away to laugh. Lucia gestured for everyone to leave and they emptied the room.

“They say it’s still starting. Mysteriously enough, I’ll be fine one moment, then the next, my stomach suddenly hurts a lot. And then I’m fine again.”

“If it is the start...how long will it take?”

“The midwife said that because it is my first delivery, it will take a long time. The baby will probably be born by tomorrow.”

She looked relaxed and carefree. He had been worried about the delivery since he had a vague concept of it, but if it was like this, then it was no big deal. As soon as Hugo thought that, Lucia grabbed her stomach in pain and curled her body.

She couldn’t even speak, her face had gone white and she was breathing hard. Seeing his wife like this, blood drained from Hugo’s face. He was thrown into disorder, fluttered around like a confused mess, then he screamed at the door.

“Is anyone outside?!”

The door opened, and people flooded in. The midwife quickly came to the bed. She began to stroke Lucia’s back and advise Lucia on how to breathe. As Lucia followed the midwife’s instruction, taking in deep breaths and exhaling, her expression gradually relaxed.

Although only a short period of time passed, beads of sweat had formed on Lucia’s forehead.

When Lucia finally settled down, the people waiting on her withdrew again. The bedroom became quiet again as if the commotion from earlier was a lie. Hugo felt helpless because he couldn’t do anything but just watch.

“Now I’ll be fine again for a bit. It comes regularly.”

He wanted to ask his wife, who was smiling sweetly as if nothing had happened: How could she smile like that after feeling such terrible pain, even if it was just for a moment?

‘She had to undergo this process until tomorrow?’

He was already stunned silly.

However, the situation worsened beyond his expectations. The labor intervals became shorter, the pain grew more severe, and from around midnight, Lucia began to scream while holding her belly and rolling around.

Hugo couldn’t ask her if she was okay. She was obviously not okay!

As Hugo listened to his wife scream, he grasped onto the midwife.

“She will get really hurt like this. Do something.”

“This is the process of entering childbirth.”

“She could die at this rate!”

“With Your Grace the Duke being restless here, the Madam cannot concentrate.”

The midwife completely chased out the Duke who was pestering her. Hugo was kicked out under the pretext of it being done for the Madam’s sake, and he was unable to utter any complaints.

Staring at the firmly closed bedroom door and listening to the screams coming from within, Hugo’s face was as pale as someone standing at death’s door. He would later remember this as the worst night of his life.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 122.2 - < — Epilogue– > (2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (2)

“Milady, the path for the child to come out is opened. Don’t put too much pressure on your stomach like that.”[1]

As she watched over the situation, the midwife continued to advise the mother giving birth. From the looks of it, the progress was slow because it was her first delivery. The midwife did not let her guard down even though she had delivered numerous children before. Childbirth had many variables. There were times when a delivery was proceeding very smoothly, then suddenly, there were unexpected difficulties.

An assistant approached the midwife and whispered to her:

“His Grace the Duke is asking about the progress.”

The midwife clicked her tongue. She didn’t know how many times he had asked this. The delivery had only just begun and two hours or so had passed. She had replied a couple of times to the Duke’s persistent questioning of the situation, that it was still far from over.

The midwife was in charge of the delivery of the precious noble lives in the royal family. The incoming baby was very important, but the parent could also not be ignored. No matter how busy and hectic it got due to the delivery, a proper level of tact was necessary.

“It looks like I need to go see the Duke. You, watch over the Madam and if you see anything strange, let me know immediately.”

The midwife left the bedroom, leaving her skilled assistant to take her place in charge.

As soon as Hugo saw the midwife, he urgently asked.

“How is it?”

“There is still a long way to go, Your Grace.”

“When exactly is that ‘long way’! You’ve been telling me the same thing since earlier.”

“Your Grace, I have said this several times. It will take a long time because this is the Madam’s first delivery. From the way the situation is progressing, I can tell the baby is not likely to be born anytime soon. So please, calm down. If you get some sleep...”

“My wife looks like she’s dying inside there and you’re telling me to sleep?”

The midwife smacked her lips as she watched the Duke fly into a rage. Calling a woman, who was doing fine and giving birth to a child, ‘dying’, wasn’t quite right. She hadn’t seen any signs of a difficult delivery and it had only been two hours since the labor went into full-swing.

“Can’t I go in and check if my wife is okay?”

“The delivery room zone is off-limits to men.”

“I’ll only see her face and leave.”

The midwife had never even imagined a man entering into the delivery room and hearing the Duke say that he would do just that, the midwife really doubted whether he was in his right mind.

When she delivered children in the royal family, the husband was only informed when the labor began and when the child was delivered. In the case of the king’s concubines’ delivery, the king often came a few days after the child was born.

This was the first time in the seasoned midwife’s long career, that a husband was lingering around the delivery room and raising hell.

‘It is unusual indeed.’

The elderly midwife had been quite nervous, leaving the palace and heading to the ducal residence, because it was her first time dealing closely with the Duke of Taran, who was rumored to be scary. However, the Duke of Taran whom she routinely met was much too different from the one in the rumors.

He had a big stature, but he couldn’t move an inch in front of the small sized Madam. Once he had a little free time, he would just be following the Madam around. She thought it was quite nice for a couple that had been together for 3 years now to have such a good marital relationship. However, she didn’t know that when the time for the delivery came, he would be this particular, without caring about appearances.

“Please wait, Your Grace. If Your Grace keeps asking about the progress, I cannot fully concentrate on the Madam. Your Grace cannot be interrupting if you want the Madam to give birth safely and healthily.”

The midwife said firmly, revealing her stern temperament. She wouldn’t stand for any interference with the process of childbirth, even if it were the King not the Duke.

“She will be safe, right?”

Hugo’s spirit dampened once the midwife mentioned his wife’s safety.

“Ease your worries. The Madam is doing well. Your Grace will be more anxious if you stay here. I think it would be better for Your Grace to wait somewhere else...”

“I’ll stay here.”

The midwife forced down her wry smile upon hearing the Duke’s determined reply. If someone saw this, they’d think the Duchess was the only person in the world that had given birth.

Hugo stood with a somber expression as he watched the midwife go back inside the room.

Fabian’s lips twitched as he stole a glance at his lord’s expression. Such a rare, precious sight. He knew he shouldn’t, he knew how serious the Duke’s state of mind was, but he couldn’t resist the laughter bubbling up within him.

Eventually, he stealthily withdrew. As he was coming down from the second floor, Fabian met Jerome, who was just climbing up the stairs. He grabbed Jerome by the arm and went into Jerome’s office.

“What is it?”

Jerome was momentarily dazed due to the serious look on Fabian’s face and let himself be dragged to his office. Fabian closed the door, threw himself on the sofa and burst out laughing. He was afraid the sound of his laughter would be heard beyond the door, so he giggled under his breath.

“Oh god, I’m going crazy. His Grace looks so soulless. I bet you won’t see that expression on his face even if the sky falls down.”

Fabian had heard the news from Jerome a little while ago and hurriedly ran over. His heart skipped a beat at the thought that the Madam might have encountered difficulty during delivery. To the Fabian who had run over till he was out of breath, Jerome said:

[You have experience. I called you because you might be of help.]

[Have I given birth before? Help? What help!]

Fabian lost his temper at Jerome because he had run over after being startled awake from a good sleep. Since he had already come, he couldn’t just go back. He had entered an arduous path where he was stuck until the delivery was over and he didn’t even know when that would be, so he didn’t even want to see Jerome’s face.

However, because of the sight from earlier, his anger at Jerome had changed to gratitude. Thanks to Jerome, he was able to enjoy such a scene.

Jerome slapped his brother on the back of his head. Fabian held the back of his head and screamed.

“Hey!”

Jerome firmly seized the back of Fabian’s neck and pulled him up.

“They say there’s still a long way to go. What will come out of standing there till it’s over?” (Fabian)

“So noisy. Master is very anxious, so as a subordinate, you have to share his pain.” (Jerome)

“Do it yourself!” (Fabian)

As he was dragged away by Jerome, Fabian protested but Jerome acted like he couldn’t hear anything.

* * *

The morning sun shone blindingly through the window, causing Fabian to close his eyes. His whole body felt sore after sleeping scrunched up on the sofa and he stretched with all the strength he could muster.

“Is the baby born?”

Fabian had endured passably till around dawn. In order to fight off the sleepiness, he had drunk so much tea till it was stale in his mouth, but his eyes kept closing and he felt like he would lose his mind. He hadn’t even stayed up all night when his own baby was born. He couldn’t treat the situation of his lord’s child being born as serious as his job.

Still, he thought of it as the predicament of a subordinate and endured. He could hear the vivid screams of childbirth pain, coming from beyond the walls and they chased the sleep away from his sunken eyes. However, before he even realized it, he dozed off.

Jerome couldn’t keep watching Fabian, who kept nodding off, so he sent Fabian to sleep. Fabian acted like he was giving in, went downstairs and fell asleep on the sofa in Jerome’s office.

He had only slept for a few hours but his mind felt refreshed. Fabian poked his head out of the door of the office and looked around. It was quiet and he couldn’t see anyone. He began to climb up the stairs while checking around him.

Remembering the expression his lord had on his face till around dawn, he chuckled lightly. It was his first time seeing the Duke look so aghast and restless. He couldn’t stay still for even a moment and went back and forth in the same place for hours.

When he reached the second floor, it was quiet but as he walked through the hallway, he could hear a scream from afar. The delivery was still currently underway. Fabian wove himself in as if he had been staying there all night. The Duke didn’t have the leisure to care about his vacancy.

‘How energetic.’

The Duke’s footsteps as he walked around impatiently were still with much vigor. Fabian wasn’t very surprised since he had already witnessed the Duke filled with resilient energy even after staying up for a few nights.

‘Even if we say His Grace is His Grace. The amazing one is that guy.’

When he was born, he was Fabian’s twin brother, but later on, he was reborn as a servant of the Taran family without permission from his parents. That Jerome was standing there, with his feet firmly rooted to the floor as if he was waiting for the birth of his own child.

‘Why did you call me then? Huh?’

Fabian completely wiped out his gratitude towards Jerome for letting him get some sleep and inwardly poured out curses on his intolerable brother.

But suddenly, Jerome lifted his head. Surprised by this, Fabian also shifted his gaze. The Duke who had been senselessly walking around also came to an abrupt halt and stared at the bedroom door.

Fabian sensed a strange silence and immediately realized the change. The noise coming from inside the room had disappeared. Everyone held their breath for a short moment, but it felt like a long time. And from inside the walls, the cry of a child could be heard.

“Phew...”

It was unknown who had sighed. There was also a smile at the corner of Fabian’s lips. Although he was grumpy throughout, he had been very worried too.

At a glance, it looked like everyone was easily having children, but there were many women who were left with issues after quietly giving birth. Fabian didn’t even want to think about the unpleasant things that would follow if something had happened to the Madam. He couldn’t imagine the Duke of Taran without the Madam by his side.

The Madam was like a kind of safety device to Fabian. She was the last fortress. In the past, the Duke’s decision was a final decision. If you were asked to die, you had no choice but to do so.

But now there was room for a final struggle. There was somewhere to cling to if you were going to die either ways. He hoped that the Madam would tame the beast known as the Duke and hold onto his collar for a very long time.

Translator Corner:

[1] I dunno what this is trying to say tbh. Never given birth nor am I a doctor. When I don’t know, I translate as literally as possible. (Apparently, putting pressure on your cervix makes it hard for the baby to come out.)

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123.1 - < — Epilogue– > (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (3)

The door to the bedroom opened and the midwife came out, along with an assistant that was sent from the palace. The woman nodded to Hugo, who was staring hard at her.

“A lovely baby girl has been born. Both mother and child are fine and healthy. Congratulations.”

Everyone around bowed their heads, uttering ‘congratulations’ to Hugo who was heaving a long sigh of relief.

“Can I go inside?”

“There are still some things left to take care of. Please wait a little while longer.”

After waiting for an hour more, Hugo was finally able to go inside the room. The bedroom was quiet. People were moving around quietly and focused on their own work, not caring whether the Duke had entered or not, but Hugo was oblivious to all this.

His gaze was instantly transfixed to his wife, who was lying on the bed, and he headed straight for the bed.

Lucia was drained from the labor pains and she had been unable to get a wink of sleep throughout the delivery. The midwife had instructed that even if she didn’t have breast milk yet, she should put the baby to her breast, so she did so and immediately fell asleep after a moment of breastfeeding. With the severe pain gone, she couldn’t win against the sweet temptation of sleep that was crashing into her.

Hugo looked at his wife’s clearly exhausted face for a while. Her complexion was pale and her lips were dried up. Her disheveled hair was soaked with sweat and clinging onto her face and forehead.

He slowly sat down on the bed, taking caution to avoid shaking it, then he swept her hair up, revealing her round forehead. As he watched his wife slept like she was dead to the world, his heart ached with distress.

“Will she be okay? Is she really fine?”

Deep down in his heart, Hugo was still anxious. Even though he had checked the records from Philip’s hideout several times, he couldn’t shake off his misgivings that even that might be a trick Philip pulled.

As the due date drew closer, Hugo was more worried to meet the new baby than joyful. He was afraid that his wife would grow anxious if she saw his anxiety, so he didn’t let it show, but he often woke up at dawn and stayed up all night watching his wife sleep.

“The Madam suffered for a long time because it was her first time giving birth, but she had a safe delivery. You should hold the little miss, Your Grace.”

Noticing that the Duke hadn’t mentioned seeing the baby at all, the midwife brought it up first. She had delivered many children in the royal family for decades, but it was her first time seeing a husband whose eyes were locked onto his wife’s face, without paying any attention to the baby.

The midwife received the sleeping and recently washed baby girl from the assistant, then she handed her over to Hugo.

“Hold her, Your Grace.”

When the midwife urged him a few times, Hugo awkwardly received the baby in a helpless manner. By his side, the midwife advised him on how to hold the child.

‘It’s so tiny?’

This was Hugo’s first thought as he held the baby. It was so small and helpless for the being that was so energetic in his wife’s stomach. The baby that had changed his wife’s personality and tastes, was so weak for him to see her as the main lead that had been flaunting her presence for the past several months.

‘It looks strange.’

The baby hadn’t lost the redness all over her body yet, and there was still swelling on her face and eyes. ­­If Hugo had seen the baby after it had just been born, he would have been shocked. Right now, the baby was clean and fuzzy because it had just been bathed.

“She is a very lovely baby girl. She will grow up to be a beauty.”

Having had numerous experiences with newborn babies, the midwife could see the appearance of the baby that was yet to be properly revealed. The looks that a newborn baby had, was very different from the features that would later come into place.

However, Hugo took what the midwife had said as simply pandering. No matter how you looked at it, the baby looked weird.

The midwife couldn’t help but laugh when she saw how awkwardly the Duke was looking at his child. The first reaction of a father when he saw his child was either extremely happy, or perplexed.

Unlike a mother who spent ten months feeling their baby move as it grew inside them, there weren’t many cases of a father feeling affection as soon as he saw the child.

“Her eyes look just like the Madam’s.”

Hugo reacted to the comment made by the midwife. The baby’s sparse handful of hair was golden in color. He had been disappointed because it wasn’t like his wife’s but when he heard that the baby’s eyes resembled Lucia’s, he looked for his wife in the child.

He wondered if he would be able to tell when the baby grew a little bigger. He couldn’t find a part that looked like his wife. After handing the baby back to the midwife, Hugo fixed his gaze on his sleeping wife.

The midwife snort-laughed and clicked her tongue. She gestured for everyone to leave the room, then she left the bedroom last, with the baby in her arms.

* * *

The first thing Lucia felt when she opened her eyes, was thirst. She mumbled her quest for water and some moments later, a firm hand carefully lifted her upper body and a glass of water touched her lips.

The few mouthfuls of water going down her throat tasted bitter, causing her to frown. Lucia forced her eyes opened and smiled faintly when she saw her husband, who was helping her.

“Have you seen...our child?”

“I have.”

“She looks just like my mom. My mom had...really pretty blonde hair, you know.”

Her eyes were swelling with tears. Hugo gently kissed her eyes. He really wanted to hug her and squeeze her tight, but he couldn’t.

She hadn’t fully recovered yet, and she seemed so weak, like she would break, so he was careful to even touch her. The fact that she bore a new life after carrying it inside her small body for ten months was unbelievable.

His wife was always beautiful in his eyes, but today especially, she was more heart wrenchingly beautiful.

“They say her eyes are like yours. Although you haven’t seen her yet.”

“I saw her for a moment too. I’m telling you, I was scared when I first breastfed her because I didn’t know when I would fall asleep.”

Hugo watched as she laughed then frowned because her stomach hurt. He planted soft, light kisses on the bridge of her nose, lips, and forehead.

“It was hard, wasn’t it?”

“I’m okay.”

“You always say you’re okay.”

“I mean it, Hugh. I wanted to leave evidence of my love with you. So although I can’t say it was easy, I am happy enough to forget all the pain.”

Lucia fell in love as soon as she saw her newborn daughter. There were many reasons why she couldn’t help but love her daughter, but the biggest reason was that her daughter was their child, both hers and Hugo’s.

“I am overwhelmed with joy that our baby is our child, your child, that she inherited your blood.”

Hugo looked at her without saying anything for a long time. Then he smiled faintly and pulled Lucia into his arms.

“The baby’s name. I thought about it and I wondered if you would like grandfather-in-law to name her?”

“Grandfather...?”

“I was thinking of bringing him to see his new great-granddaughter.”

“Yes, I would like that very much. Thank you.”

* * *

About a month later, the Count of Baden visited the ducal residence. He greeted his granddaughter whom he hadn’t seen in a while and held his little great-granddaughter in his arms.

Count Baden’s eyes filled with tears as he looked into the amber eyes that were staring back at him. They were a copy of his daughter’s and granddaughter’s eyes.

“Oh dear child, how do you look so much like your grandmother?”

Tears flowed from Lucia’s eyes as she listened to the voice of her grandfather, who was unable to hold back his tears.

“I thought hard about the undeserved request you gave me. The first ancestor of the Baden family said that he could not exist without his mother and left a will dedicating all his affection and admiration to his mother. I heard that she was someone with a small stature but mighty spirit. I would like to give her name to the baby.”

Evangeline. It was an old-fashioned name that wasn’t used very much these days.

When the name of the only princess of the Duke of Taran House left Count Baden’s mouth, the baby who had been vacantly staring at the Count smiled brightly. Seeing the cheery smile on his great-granddaughter’s face, the Count burst into a roar of laughter.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 123.2
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (3)

Hugo rummaged through his drawer looking for something then he found an envelope deep inside his bottom drawer. It was something he had kept for safe-keeping, but he couldn’t remember what it was, so he took out the envelope and brought out the document inside. On the signature panel, was his wife’s penmanship, renouncing her parental right.

Hugo looked at the document with an odd expression and laughed. Even thought it seemed like a long time ago, the events of that day flashed through his mind, vividly, as if it were an event from yesterday.

Among the documents he had received in exchange for establishing the contract, was the consent form that was used when Damian was being processed into the family register. When they were rushing to the North the next day after their bridal night, Hugo had only handed Jerome the documents for entering Damian into the family registry.

And so, since that day, the document where she renounced her parental right had remained untouched in his office drawer in the capital.

‘I wonder why I didn’t take this.’

The parental right renouncement document was more important that the consent form for the family register. Without a renouncement of custody, Damian’s mother on paper would be able to exercise full rights to the child after he was entered into the registry.

He didn’t know why he didn’t take it at the time and hand it over to Jerome to take to Roam. It was something he had done but he couldn’t remember what he was thinking when he did it.

Hugo put the document back into the envelope. The document wasn’t needed anymore. Damian and Evangeline were both her children, entirely. He couldn’t take the rights to her children away from her, for any reason.

He thought about tearing it then he heard Fabian’s voice from outside the door and pushed it to the side of his desk.

Fabian came in, submitted his report and began to report on some unique matters.

“Young master Damian departs in three days.”

“And how are we with putting his name on the list of those boarding the gate?”

There were three gates in the city-state of Philarch, where the Academy was located, and compared to the number of students at the Academy, they were very few people that were able to board them. Due to this, when royal descendants or high-ranking nobles enrolled in the school, they also purchased the right to utilize the gate.

The Academy sold the passes for utilizing the gate at an enormous price, but they were still swamped with applicants, so they held lotteries.

In the middle of the semester, there was less personnel boarding the gates so one was able to go through without purchasing a pass. However, at the start of the vacation which was flooded with users, only those on the boarding list could use the gates.

Most students left Philarch for the nearest country and boarded the gate there. With that method, it took at least three days to get to the gate.

When Damian enrolled in the Academy, he did not apply for a pass to use the gate. He assumed that there wouldn’t be any reason for him to go home until graduation. However, the situation had changed.

Lucia was frequently thinking of calling Damian home during vacation. Since he could only go out for limited number of days out of year, it was easier for him use the gate than going back and forth. Fortunately, even if a student was boarding at the dorms, it wasn’t mandatory to take a session during vacation.

“The passes will be sold next year, after the new school year starts so I will send in an application.” (Fabian)

Although it was said to be a lottery, there were dealing behind the door. In fact, it was almost no different from an auction. You just had to call out a high price and buy it.

“And concerning what Your Grace mentioned before, we have finished talks with the Count about enrolling Bruno Matin, the youngest son of Count Matin in the Academy.”

After Lucia asked him for a favor, Hugo looked into getting the divorced Countess of Matin to take her son, Bruno, back with her. The eldest son, who succeeded the Count of Matin, had no objections to his youngest brother being taken away by his biological mother. The problem was the Countess.

The Countess had chosen remarriage over her son. Hugo didn’t want bother Lucia so he didn’t tell her that the Countess had remarried when she got back to her parent’s home.

In his own way, Hugo did as much as he could. However, Bruno was his wife’s benefactor, even if that was just in the dream, so he felt uncomfortable not repaying the favor.

He wondered what he could help with and as he was investigating here and there, he remembered his wife saying that in her dream, Bruno had been kicked out of the Academy.

That fact was strange. The Academy’s tuition cost an arm and a leg. It was not likely for the Count of Matin to cough up such a huge sum to get his rebellious son out of his sight. After investigating, Hugo found out an interesting fact.

The father of the late Count Matin had invested into the establishment of the Academy and obtained the right to full scholarship for the next three generations of his family.

When the Academy was initially established, its power was pitifully small. But as the Academy’s reputation increased, it became a colossal power and then, began to retrieve the rights it had sprinkled all over the place.

Due to this, the limitless right to enroll with full scholarship for three generations was restricted to only three people. In Lucia’s dream, the Count of Matin used it to send Bruno away because it was a right that he couldn’t sell to anyone, anyways.

However, the new Count of Matin had no intention of using a right that couldn’t even be bought with money, on his estranged younger brother. He was fortunate to have three sons, so he planned on entering all his children into the Academy.

As far as Hugo knew, Bruno was a boy with a very exceptional mind. However, the elder brother did not care about his younger brother’s talent. He practically neglected Bruno.

Even though in Lucia’s dream, Bruno had gone to the Academy like he was being kicked out of his house, sending Bruno to the Academy was probably the best thing that Count Matin did as a father.

‘It will be better for him to develop his talent at the Academy, rather than staying in a house where neither his brothers nor parents care for him.’

Hugo disguised himself as a sponsor who didn’t want to let Bruno’s talent go to waste.

The Count of Matin was wary of the unknown sponsor who promised to pay the full enormous cost of sending his youngest brother to the Academy, without getting anything in return. He was afraid that he might suffer damage in some way due to this. Like father, like son; the new Count of Matin was small-minded. His conscience felt somewhat guilty towards his younger brother who he heard was being praised as a genius.

Negotiations with the Count of Matin went slower than expected. Hugo had wondered if he should just off the bastard too. If Count Matin had dragged things out a little more, he might have ended up like his father.

“So he will be enrolled next year?”

“No. The following year. The applications for next year are already closed.”

The number of people who wanted to attend the Academy was growing more and more so you had to submit your application at least a year before you enrolled.

“How old will he be in the following year?”

“Fourteen, Your Grace.”

“14? Will he be entering the six-year course?”

“No. He wanted to do the basic four-year course.”

The Academy’s basic course was the most advanced course for the school year. The academic standards were just that high. Most of the students enrolled in the school at sixteen.

“Is he confident in being able to follow the lessons? I think he’s too young.”

“Master Damian also started the basic course at fourteen.”

“Exempt the boy. If he’s going to take over from me, then that is only natural.”

Fabian would never call that natural, but he didn’t bother saying anything.

“I have judged Bruno Matin’s academic ability to be sufficient.”

“Then let the kid do what he wants.”

Since he was done with his report, Fabian withdrew, and Hugo picked up the custody document that he had placed by the side for a while.

He started to get up, then he sat back down and opened another drawer. A small browning old envelope lay displayed on the base of the drawer. It was the only thing inside the wide drawer.

He sat, hesitant for a very long time. He stretched out his hand to the envelope several times but always stopped within reach. He sucked in a deep breath then he grabbed the envelope.

And he walked out of his office holding a thick envelope with documents and a small old envelope.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124.1 - < — Epilogue– > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

< — Epilogue– > (4)

Hugo went to Evangeline’s nursery first. Nowadays, his wife spent most of her time there. However, when he got there, his wife was nowhere to be found and the wet nurse told him that the Madam had gone to her bedroom with the little miss.

Unlike what he expected, the bedroom was quiet when he got there.

His wife was usually quite chatty when she was with the baby. Lately, Evangeline was beginning to coo and babble, so she was showing more reactions. When the baby babbled something incomprehensible, his wife added onto it and agreed enthusiastically.

Hugo was curious if his wife really understood what the baby was saying. The incomprehensible wails that Evangeline made was not a human language.

He was wondering why it was quiet and as expected, he found both his wife and the baby lying side by side on the bed, taking a good nap. Hugo sent out the maid who was standing guard at the side, then he carefully sat down on the bed, taking care to avoid shaking it.

Hugo stared at his wife’s sleeping face with a gentle look in his eyes. He understood what she meant when she said that even when she was just watching Evangeline sleep, she felt happy. Every time he saw her, he always felt like that.

When the sleeping Evangeline turned on the bed, Hugo’s gaze moved to her.

‘I think she’s much bigger than when I saw her this morning.’

His mind went back to the day when he first saw the baby after she was born. In the past three months, he was able to understand why they told him that the baby would grow up very fast. It was fascinating to watch his daughter whom he thought looked strange when he first saw her, continuously transform like a doll.

Her plump pearly cheeks were cute. The more he looked at them, the more he felt ticklish somewhere inside. He wanted her to grow up fast so that he could also understand what she was saying.

Evangeline who he was watching, pursed her lips, blinked her eyes and woke up. Her wide eyes looked around and locked eyes with Hugo. Her amber eyes, similar to Lucia’s but slightly more yellow, were staring intently at Hugo. Hugo was taken aback and froze, facing the baby.

“Kwawa.”

Evangeline giggled and stretched out her hand to Hugo. While making indecipherable sounds that was impossible to distinguish as laughing or talking, she moved her hands and feet with all her might, as if trying her hardest to express something.

He couldn’t move his eyes away, so he just watched her quietly.

Seeing that Hugo showed no signs of carrying her after all her hard work, Evangeline’s voice grew louder, and she flailed her hands. Her lips scrunched up and her small forehead began to wrinkle. Evangeline’s eyes quivered as if she was going to cry at any moment.

“Eve, good girl.”

Hugo didn’t want to wake his soundly sleeping wife, so he tried to pacify his daughter. However, tears began to well up in Evangeline’s eyes.

Hugo fidgeted a bit then he picked his daughter up and hugged her. Then he walked some distance away from the bed.

Whenever Lucia gave him the baby, Hugo reluctantly held her, but he had never taken the initiative after the midwife forced him to carry Evangeline on the day she was born. The baby was so small and weak that he was afraid that something might go wrong when he carried her. Knowing that Hugo showed signs of discomfort, Lucia never forced him.

His daughter was much heavier than when he last held her. It felt like the weight of life he had to bear on his shoulders.

Enjoying the feeling of being in Hugo’s embrace and carried in the air, Evangeline began to babble noisily. Hugo wanted to understand his daughter’s words like his wife, so he furrowed his brows and listened carefully, but when he realized all over again that he couldn’t understand at all, he chuckled.

“Eve, little baby. I wonder what you’re saying.”

He only said a few words but Evangeline who had gone silent for a moment began to babble more excitedly as if she was replying. Hugo chuckled faintly then he stroked his baby’s soft hair and kissed her little prominent forehead.

Lucia sat on the bed, watching the interaction between father and daughter. She was currently in a sensitive state of mind, so any small noises her daughter made would startle her awake from a deep sleep. Which is why as soon as she heard Eve’s voice, she quickly woke up.

It was a beautiful scene that touched her heart. Her husband was smiling and talking to the baby. As Lucia watched the set of father and daughter exchange words, she felt like she was going to cry, so she came down from the bed and walked to the pair.

As soon as Hugo saw his wife, he quickly tried to hand over Evangeline. But when he moved to do so, Evangeline loudly protested. Seeing the awkward look on Hugo’s face, Lucia chuckled briefly.

“She likes you. Keep holding her.”

“Keep holding? Till when?”

“Till she sleeps.”

Fortunately, it didn’t take long for Evangeline to fall asleep. Hugo called the nanny and handed over the child before sending her off. Then he picked up the envelope he had placed at the bedside table and gave it to Lucia. Lucia checked the contents of the big envelope first and her eyes grew wide.

“I forgot about it.”(Hugo)

“I completely forgot about it too.” (Lucia)

“Both of them are your children.”

“Our children. Thank you.”

Lucia kissed him lightly on the cheek then she opened the other small envelope. As she read the short letter inside the envelope, her expression stiffened. Her face was filled with confusion, showing that she couldn’t understand the situation.

<< I will not ask you to understand why I had no choice but to do this. But believe me. It is all for you, Hugh. I love you, my little brother. —To my brother. >> [1]

“That is the only thing my late brother left for me.”

After spending several days dealing with everything concerning the deaths of the late ducal couple, Hugo went to his room and found a letter on his desk. Those few short lines were his brother’s dying wishes.

His anger, which has surged to the limit after seeing his brother’s dead body, completely exploded when he read the letter. In that moment, he understood what it meant to be blinded by rage.

He couldn’t understand his brother. He also couldn’t believe that his brother had done it for him. In that moment, he hated his late brother as much as he hated his late parents, or perhaps even more.

He was tempted to throw the letter into the fireplace and burn it several times, but ended up tossing it aside in his family’s secret room. And not long ago, when he was digging through the secret room because of Philip, he found the letter that was already fading.

He couldn’t ignore it, so he brought it along when he came to the capital.

“There is something I haven’t been able to tell you.”

Hugo agonized over how to start, then he began to tell the story that he had never told anyone.

“Initially, I...didn’t have a name. I’m not sure when, but at some point, the people around me began to call me Hue.”

Hugo calmly talked about his childhood as if he were telling an old story that he had heard as a child. The days when the young beast Hue met Hugo and became human, and the days where he lived acting like his brother.

When Hugo’s story came to an end with the tragedy that occurred on one particular day when he was eighteen, Lucia was crying to the point that her whole face was soaked.[2] She was saddened to imagine his lonely childhood and her heart was torn with pain.

Hugo cupped her face with both hands and wiped off her tears with his fingers.

“It took me longer than I thought to tell this to you.”

He needed a lot of courage to reveal his own true identity. It wasn’t because he was suspicious of her love. It was the pride of a man who wanted to be the best before the woman he loved.

He wanted to hide his weak and shameful side. He didn’t want to confess that he was yet to put away his feeling of inferiority, that the head of the Taran family, whom everyone was in reverence of, was in fact a fake imitator.

Lucia covered the hands that were cupping her face, with her own.

“It doesn’t matter who you are. I love you, the person that is in front of me right now.”

“Mm. I know.”

Lucia reached out and threw her arms around his neck. He supported her back with his arm and pulled her close.

“Don’t blame yourself for brother-in-law’s death. At that time, he was only eighteen years old. He loved you in the best way he could think of, for his only brother.”

“...Yea. I think so too.”

Lucia couldn’t say it out loud but she sent her thanks to the other Hugo who had left this world.

If Hugo had not made such a choice, Hue would have suffered much more and lived a miserable life bound to the chains of the Taran family. He would have become a doll with no free will, unable to enjoy the happiness from living as he should. And Lucia would not have been able to meet him and form a relationship with him.

“I’ll keep this letter with me.” (Lucia)

“...” (Hugo)

“It’s hard for you to keep it with you, but you can’t throw it away, can you?”

“...Mm.”

The handwriting in the short letter was neat. Lucia could feel the personality of her brother-in-law from the way he wrote. He was likely a very warm and friendly person. She could guess how much her husband loved his brother and how hurt he was by his brother’s death.

The name, Hue, that was called to mean ‘devil’, no longer existed in this world. As Lucia called him ‘Hugh’, the meaning behind it was ‘my beloved Hue’.

Just as she became his Vivian only, he also became her Hue only. Lucia tightly hugged her reliable husband, who made her want to lean on him and at the same time, hug him.

Translator’s corner:

[1] Dongsaeng is what Hugo’s brother uses here so I translated it as little brother.

[2] The tragedy being referred to here, is when Hugo’s brother killed the former ducal couple. This happened when Hugo was eighteen, if I remember correctly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Chapter 124.2 - < — Epilogue– > (4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Chapter 124 [part 2]

< — Epilogue– > (4)

Inside a carriage traveling through the complex streets of the capital, sat a young dark-haired boy by the window, staring at the passing scenery. On the boy’s lap, was a fox with bright yellow fur, enjoying his master’s fingers gently combing through its back fur.

Although it was his first time seeing it, the extravagant view of the capital flashed by Damian’s eyes, meaninglessly. The boy wasn’t captivated or interested in his first visit to the capital. But the fact that he would be seeing his mother again, made it special. And today would also be his first time meeting his sibling.

‘Evangeline...Eve...’

He kept repeating the name of his sister whom his mother had written to him about.

‘What if she doesn’t like me?’

Damian had never seen a baby before, so he could not guess how a baby of just a few months old would look. He was imagining a little girl that looked just like his mother.

When he first got the letter telling him that his mother was with a child, Damian thought that it was only expected but he was a little stunned.

His mother said in the letter that the baby was going to be his younger sister, but Damian was at least, aware of the fact that one couldn’t know such a thing in advance. He guessed that his mother probably told him that on purpose in order to allay his fears or anxiety.

Damian didn’t care whether his new sibling was a boy or a girl. He intended to cherish them and treat them preciously either ways.

However, there was still a slight anxiety in the corner of his heart. He was afraid that his mother might say she didn’t need him anymore because she now had her own real child. Even if his mother loved his sibling more, he was fine with that. It was fine as long as she didn’t hate him.

The carriage arrived at the Ducal residence. Jerome welcomed Damian as Damian stepped down from the carriage.

“It has been a long time, young master.”

“It has, indeed.”

Despite having been trained to conceal their feelings, the servants standing around were unable to hide their astonishment. It was obvious to anyone that the boy who just appeared was the living likeness of the Duke of Taran.

It had been over 3 years since they had been married, and the Duchess who just had a child was no longer childless. A storm was bound to rage in the quiet ducal household. The servants were all thinking the same thing; they had to find a shade to avoid the incoming storm.

Lucia was coming down from the second floor after hearing that Damian had come back. Seeing Damian bowing his head towards her, Lucia quickly approached him and pulled him into a tight hug.

“My gosh, Damian! You’ve really grown a lot.”

It had been three years. The eight year old Damian had become eleven years old. However, he appeared around 3 to 4 years older than that. He was now taller than Lucia, so she had to look up a little. Although he still looked like a child, within a year or two, he would be taken for a youth.

His mother’s gentle embrace made Damian feel warm inside and his heart felt like it was filled with happiness. The way his mother looked at him had not changed. He felt relieved and he was thankful.

“How do you look so much like your father? You keep growing more and more alike.”

“Have you been well, Mother?”

“Of course. What about you? How are you? Was the journey here difficult? Where’s Asha?” [1]

“I handed her to the butler before I came in.”[2]

“Have you eaten? You must have missed lunch.”

“I’m not feeling up to it. I’ll eat in the evening.”

Lucia asked the maid to prepare a quick snack and bring it to the second floor.

“Come. Let’s say hi to Eve.”

After Lucia went up to the second floor with Damian, the servants looked at each other, their faces filled with questions. They didn’t know who the young master that suddenly appeared was. It didn’t seem like he was the Duke of Taran’s son alone because the Duchess’ attitude was way too familiar and friendly.

However, even though the servants could whisper amongst themselves when they were alone, they couldn’t gossip or repeat it outside. Once the butler came inside, the servants quickly scattered in search of things to do.

Lucia entered the nursery and sent out all the servants inside. She headed straight for the baby’s bed, holding Damian’s hand in her own.

Evangeline was having fun babbling to herself when she sensed someone approaching and turned to look. She giggled at the familiar sight of Lucia’s face and clapped her dainty little hands. Lucia smiled and caressed the baby’s forehead.

‘Ah...’

Mesmerized, Damian looked at the bumbling baby with wide eyes. A doll was alive and moving. For the first time ever, he realized that a human being could be so small. If she was a little smaller, he might have taken her for a fairy.

Her fluffy honey-colored hair looked soft even without touching it, and her limpid eyes that were just like her mother’s, twinkled with refreshed energy. The baby’s fair, immaculate, plump cheeks moved every time her lips moved.

“Eve, say hi to your older brother.”

“Kaa,kaa.”

“Damian. Eve says she’s happy to meet you.”

“...Huh?”

Damian broke out in cold sweat. How were those words even interpreted that way? Damian was bewildered by the emergence of a new language he hadn’t known about. He wanted to ask what country it was from.

“Damian, can you look after Eve for a bit? Say hi, get to know each other. I’ll step aside for a bit. If Eve cries, you can just call the maid outside the room.”

“What? Mom, that’s...”

He wanted to say that there was no need for that, but Lucia had already left the room. Damian stood idly beside the bed, unable to do anything. He cautiously shifted his gaze and looked into the bed that held the baby.

Damian met eyes with Evangeline, who was zealously moving her limbs; who knew what she was so urgent about. She stared fixedly at Damian as if she was looking for something. Then her huge, round eyes curved into a crescent and she cackled with laughter.

“Hi...Eve.”

He didn’t know what he was supposed to do so he gave a clumsy greeting. Then the baby began to babble as if she was answering him. The sounds she was making were unintelligible, but Damian understood that the baby was trying to respond.

He hesitated a few times before stretching out his hand. Then he poked her bulging cheeks.

‘Soft.’

Suddenly, Evangeline grabbed Damian’s finger. Damian was at a loss for what to do, seeing his finger caught in Evangeline’s small hands. He tried removing his finger carefully, but the baby’s grip was quite strong. When he tried taking it out with more force, Evangeline made a loud noise.

Damian was startled and stood there, the thought of removing his finger gone from his mind. The feeling of his finger taken prisoner in a soft, warm grip was strange. For no special reason, a smile floated onto his face.

“It’s nice to meet you, Eve.”

[I feel...weird. My chest feels a little tingly...]

[Damian, that feeling means you think something is loveable.][3]

His chest felt much more tingly than the day when he held Asha for the first time. The baby was loveable. Damian felt like he could now fully understand the meaning of what his mother had said a long time ago.

[END OF BOOK 7]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.1 - Damian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side Story 1.1: Damian

DAMIAN(1)

Philarch was a city-state with a population of less than 300,000 people. Rather than the country itself being famous, Ixium, the comprehensive Academy that operated within Philarch, was more famous.

The amount of people living in Ixium had grown to over 70,000, including the professors and staff affiliated with Ixium, and once the employed manpower was included, there were nearly 150,000 people living mainly in Ixium. The Academy, Ixium, was a national project of the city-state of Philarch.

People flocked to Ixium to build the best connections and get the best education. They paid the expensive tuition and spent a considerable amount on living expenses. A part of the money went into investing in the Academy’s faculty and facilities. As the quality of Ixium was constantly being improved in order to avoid losing their position as the best academy, a virtuous cycle repeated in which more students flocked to the school.

Chris, a 15-year-old this year, enrolled into Ixium to complete a six-year mandatory course. The mandatory course curriculum combined 3-4 school year courses of the preparatory grade and 1-4 school year courses of the regular grade.

Ixium’s curriculum was based on a 12-year course with 4 years each, of preliminary grade, preparatory grade, and regular grade, and students were able to split or combine them as they wished, according to their age and standards. Chris had been enrolled for a year now and was a 3rd year student of the preparatory grade.

The learning curve in Ixium was very difficult, but even if your grades were at the bottom, you were given your certificate of graduation. Receiving the costly tuition and dealing with the profits was the Academy’s riddle. In exchange, the certificate for course completion was only given to students with a certain grade(results) or higher. If someone wasn’t familiar with this system, you could publicly claim to them that with only the certificate of graduation, you had completed the academy’s courses magnificently.

Unfortunately for Chris, his father was very familiar with this cheating of the system. When he sent Chris to Ixium, he threatened that if Chris came back with only the graduation certificate, he would strip him and chase him out of the house.

Chris had just finished his 3rd school year and his grades were barely managing. Still, it wasn’t too bad. He was merely happy with the fact that he could go home without having to take additional semester courses.

As Chris was passing by the campus, he turned his gaze to the subject of the students’ stir. A hot topic of discussion in the school was passing by. It was a dark-haired boy, too young to be called a youth and too mature to be called a child.

‘The heavens are unfair.’

Chris thought every time he saw Damian. Damian has a remarkable appearance that stood out among the thousands of boys that infested the Academy. And that wasn’t the only thing. He was an outrageously brilliant guy that had never run for head position in the school.

‘And what’s with that out-of-place fox?’

Chris felt like a bigger and fiercer animal would be more suitable for Damian to carry around. However, the yellow-furred fox that was always following after Damian was tiny. Interestingly enough, the fox looked very haughty for a mere beast. At times, it seemed like it was showing off to people but Chris told himself he was just imagining things.

‘Same as usual, eh.’

Today as well, Damian completely ignored the students’ leering gazes. He didn’t look like he was putting on airs, he just had no interest, whatsoever.

‘...No matter how many times I see it, they look so alike.’

Whenever Chris saw Damian, there was someone that always came to mind. That person was someone famous in Chris’s home country, Xenon. There was almost no one that did not know him.

Chris had made his official social debut at this year’s New Year party. Many nobles made their official debut at the new year party held by the royal family. This was because the party was huge, and many nobles attended the party. Chris’ family was not poor, but Chris’ father did not want to spend money on holding a separate debut party.

It was at this party that Chris first saw the ducal couple; the Duke of Taran and his wife, who were attending. The Duke of Taran’s particular features were quite famous, so Chris was well aware of them, but the person he saw was quite different from what he had imagined.

The rumors surrounding the Duke of Taran painted him as a fearsome, crude, terrifying person, but the appearance of the Duke of Taran dressed in a tailcoat, was a very well-built, refined aristocrat. The impressive sight of the Duke of Taran had continued to float around his head. Which is why when Chris first saw Damian, he was overrun with shock.

Chris wasn’t the type to be privy to rumors but soon after he was enrolled, he heard rumors about Damian. A monstrous genius who was boarding in the dorms. It was said that he had never not gotten first place, and even for a skill like swordsmanship that had to be cultivated, he was proficient enough to compete with the professors for dozens of times. When he saw Damian, Chris realized that there were really geniuses in this world.

‘We are completely different species.’

Maybe because the gap between them was so wide, Chris didn’t even envy him. Rather than envy, he was more curious about the connection between Damian and the Duke of Taran.

‘There’s no way they can look so alike if they didn’t have a blood connection.’

In Ixium, there were many comments going around about Damian’s obscure identity, but no one mentioned the Duke of Taran. At first, Chris wondered why, but now, he knew. They were all being careful with their words.

‘For the Duke of Taran to have such a big son...it’s too young, isn’t it?’

Chris didn’t know Damian’s exact age. Physically, Damian looked like he was the same age as Chris or perhaps even older.

‘I mean, I’ve heard that the Duke of Taran has a daughter, but I’ve never heard of a son.’

If Damian wasn’t the Duke’s son, then a relative maybe? Chris wanted to grab Damian who was walking farther away and ask.

“Can’t you look where you’re going?”

As Chris was turning around, he heard an abrasive voice and turned back again. When he saw the scene occurring a little distance away from him, a frown formed on his brow.

‘With the way these bastards are picking a fight, you have to wonder if he is really related to the Duke of Taran...’

The books Damian were holding had fallen to the floor and two boys stood in front of Damian, blocking him.

‘Those guys again, huh.’

This was a frequent occurrence. Once those two boys saw Damian, they were itching to pick a fight.

‘Ai, the fact that guys like these are from my country is a disgrace.’

Damian’s country of origin, let alone his status, was obscure. His family obviously had enough money to cover for Ixium’s tuition fee, but seeing as he was boarding in the dorms, people guessed that he was probably not from a noble family. When the boys coming after Damian were not penalized or put at a disadvantage, the idea that Damian’s status wasn’t anything much, became more concrete.

Chris didn’t see why Damian’s nobility or lack thereof, was a reason to pick a fight. He also couldn’t understand why there were a lot of people who were secretly unfriendly towards Damian. He accidentally overheard his classmates talking and learnt that there were a lot of people bitter at Damian.

Regardless of the circumstances, Damian had never shrunk or looked intimidated in front of anyone. Apparently to them, such an attitude was arrogant. They didn’t bluntly say ‘arrogant’, but Chris felt that his classmate, who were dancing around their meaning, were really pathetic.

‘It’ll end the same way, today too.’

This frequently occurring scene had never led into a fight. The saying was ‘it takes two to tango.’ Damian didn’t go against them at all. So the bastards picking a fight had no choice but to fume and step back. Chris admired Damian’s choice to ignore them. They weren’t even opponents worth facing.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.2 - DAMIAN(2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side Story 1.2: Damian

DAMIAN(2)

‘These two again.’

Damian inwardly clicked his tongue. These bastards never got tired of this childish attempt of theirs. He wanted to tell them to go and read a book with this tenacity of theirs.

Damian’s eyes were frosty. These were the same guys that would fall to the floor and lick his feet if they knew who he was. They were not worthy to be his opponent.

Damian never forgot the experience he had a few years ago at the garden party. He learnt that not all older adults were wise. He knew that the boys harassing him at the academy were still kids that were yet to mature, and he had also learnt that age didn’t matter when it came to the cowardice of human beings, which differed on the outside and inside.

He wanted to see what kind of attitude people would have towards him when he was a person with only skills and no background. Which is why he was purposefully attending the Academy quietly.

It was impossible to climb to the seat of ‘Shita’ that he wanted, with just skills by itself. It was a thoroughly political position. He wasn’t arrogant enough to claim that he would do it with his power alone. He would gladly use the name of the Duke of Taran when he needed it. He planned on revealing his identity as the Duke’s successor during the next year.

No one knew Damian at the Academy. There were a few from the north among the enrolled students and they had made a rough guess, but when Damian told them to shut their mouth, they were careful with what they said. Thanks to that, the secret was well kept.

Krrar. Feeling threatened instinctively, Asha exposed her teeth and her fur hardened. However, despite Asha being grown up, she was small enough to be sent flying from a kick. As expected, the boys harassing Damian laughed jeeringly at the fox.

“Asha.”

Damian called her name and restrained her. Asha looked up at Damian with her meek eyes then she turned back to Damian. Damian was worried that Asha might get caught up in this and get hurt. Asha was the first gift his mother gave to him and she was also Damian’s first friend. If something happened to Asha, he felt like he might not be able to keep to his father’s request.

[Don’t kill people at the Academy.][1]

The reason why Damian didn’t respond to their constant annoyance was because it was too troublesome. To get angry, you have to be made angry. Like usual, Damian chose the option of silently picking up his book from the floor. Tak. The book he tried to pick up was kicked and fell to the floor again. Damian’s line of sight followed the owner of the foot, looking up to find a brown-haired boy, smiling spitefully.

“You can’t hear me? I said look where you’re going. If you make a mistake, you have to apologize, don’t you think?”

They were going a little overboard today. Damian’s red eyes flatly stared at the boy with brown hair. Why were they consuming such unnecessary emotions? Upon receiving Damian’s tranquil gaze, the boy who had picked a fight, flew into a rage. The boy felt like Damian was mocking him as pathetic with his eyes and also discovered his brother’s sneer.

“You—” (?)

“Stop it.” (Chris)

Chris interrupted, unable to watch any longer.

“Why are you attacking someone who’s just passing by?” (Chris)

“Who are you to butt in?” (?)

The brown-haired boy was unhappy, but he was also cautious since he knew who Chris was. Although Ixium was relatively free from nationality and status, one’s background could never be ignored. Chris was the son of a well-known Marquis, in the same country where the brown-haired boy was from.

“I’m saying don’t make an issue out of nothing. The path is obviously wide enough, but you left that alone and intentionally bumped into him. You’re obviously picking a fight.” (Chris)

“What do you mean intentionally!”

While the two of them were quarrelling, Damian diligently picked up his fallen book and stood up. He took out his handkerchief from his coat and wiped off the footprints on his book. He was slightly annoyed this time. This was a special book.

It was a present from his mother; she always sent him a book when she found a good one. When the guy—Damian didn’t even know any of their names—stepped on his book, Damian had unknowingly clenched his fists. If Chris hadn’t intervened, he might have thrown a punch.

The other guy harassing Damian, the ash-haired one, stretched his hand towards Damian. Rather than an attack, it was a move to grab Damian’s shoulder and make Damian face him.

Damian was already a little alert, so he reflexively drew back and fiercely whipped out his hand. With that, the book he was holding was aimed at the boy’s neck. Every motion he made took place almost simultaneously. It was a swordplay move that he had done subconsciously. Damian slowly lowered his hand, but the ash-haired boy had already turned red with anger.

The fuming ash-haired boy caught something white at the corner of his eyes. He picked up the handkerchief that had fallen onto the floor. Honestly, the boy wasn’t that ill-natured. But the moment he was about to ask, ‘Is this yours?’, he met Damian’s agitated eyes.

Damian’s apathetic gaze which always seemed like he was looking at lifeless organisms, had changed at some point. However, upon seeing Damian’s restless for the first time, the ash-haired boy’s intent twisted. His nastiness flared.

“Give that back.” (Damian)

That was the handkerchief his mother had personally embroidered and sent to him. When Damian stretched out his hand and took a step forward, the ash-haired boy took the same step backwards. As Damian reached for it, he waved his hand around so that Damian couldn’t get the handkerchief. After that repeated itself a few times, Damian’s eyes got redder.

The ash-haired boy felt a glow of pleasure. He dropped the handkerchief onto the floor in a flaunting manner. Then he fixed Damian a contented grin and slowly trampled the handkerchief under his feet. Damian’s eyes burst into a blaze.

The ash-haired was suddenly struck by a strong force and tumbled down. He was momentarily dazed as he collapsed to the floor. He touched the area of his lips that was tingling with pain and blood rubbed off on his hand.

“You want to fight, huh?!”

As soon as he realized he was hit, he clenched his fist and dashed at Damian. The brown-haired boy who wanted to go there to help him was blocked by Chris. Chris slightly avoided the fist coming at him angrily and also swung his fist. But the punch he threw really connected. The two of them began to go at it for real.

“Argh! This damn fox!”

Even Asha joined in to assist against her master’s enemy. She used her small body to nimbly dodge and bit their arms or feet. The fact that she didn’t attack Chris showed her intelligence in distinguishing between enemy and friend.

A rarely seen spectacle in Ixium was happening right now. The students gathered around in a circle to witness the scene of four boys and one animal exchanging blows.

Only after an order supervisor ran over and forcefully pulled them apart, did the dogfight stop.

* * *

Unless the issue was related to a student’s grade or that of conduct i.e. insulting one’s teacher, the primary disciplinary right was within the Conference’s scope of authority.[2] The conference exercised their disciplinary power over the four students that had broken order in the school.

They were suspended from classes for 3 days, had to write a reflection, and also reflect on their attitudes. But Damian alone was punished to be suspended for 7 days. The reason was that Damian threw the first punch and also didn’t manage his pet properly, causing it to attack people. Of course, the real reason was something else. With the exception of Damian, the other boys had remarkable identities. In particular, a friend of the two boys who had picked a fight was a member of conference.

“This is ridiculous.”

Chris was angry. The treatment was extremely unfair. Those guys were the ones who came looking for trouble first. It was low and childish.

“Don’t just stand there, make a complaint! Submit a formal objection to the Appeals committee!”

If you have any complaints against your first disciplinary hearing, you could file for a trial with the Appeals committee. Damian’s face was deadpan as he watched Chris, who was rampaging around after coming all the way to his dorm room, then he briefly replied.

“It’s fine.”

His fingers were gently combing through Asha’s fur in a leisurely manner as she lay on his knees.

“Fine?! What’s fine! Those kids started it first.”

Chris learnt Damian’s age for the first time due to this incident. He thought Damian was at least as old as himself, but he was surprised to find out that Damian was only 12 years old. Those boys were fifteen and sixteen years old, respectively. They had attacked and harassed a boy who was much younger than them.

“Do you know how big a one week suspension is at Ixium? It’s a huge red line on your school record!”

Damian was calm. His father never told him that he shouldn’t cause any trouble. He wouldn’t say anything for passable incidents as long as it wasn’t expulsion. Which is why Damian didn’t care if his school record had a red line or not. That much red line wasn’t even going to be a block on his road to becoming Shita. (1)

“And you?” (Damian)

“What?” (Chris)

“You were drawn into this because of me. Isn’t that a problem on your own school record?”

“This degree of suspension is okay. It’s basically a warning for a first-timer.”

Damian looked at Chris who had now become a ‘knowledgeable person’ in his books and wondered why the guy had even interfered in his business. They had not had any exchanges before this and were basically strangers.

“Thank you.” (Damian)

Chris, who was fuming, looked at Damian in surprise. It was obvious from his expression that he didn’t expect to hear that.

“Wh...for what?”

“For trying to help me, back then. Although you didn’t need to.”

Chris’s mouth was in a wide grin at the first sentence, but the second sentence ticked him off. He glared at Damian for a bit but soon tossed his annoyance aside.

“Are you really not going to appeal?”

“I won’t.”

“If you’re suspended, the notice will go home, though.”

“...”

He didn’t know that.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.3 - DAMIAN(3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side Story 1.3: Damian

DAMIAN(3)

Damian went into the administrative office to look into the situation. The staff there told him that he was one step too late.

“For a disciplinary action beyond suspension, a notice of the punishment is immediately forwarded to the necessary address, regardless of whether or not an appeal has been filed.”

Damian’s address was listed as Philarch, not the north or the mansion in the capital. The office meant for handling all matters regarding the young master, such as Damian’s guards and reports, was located in Philarch. It was this office that was officially registered as Damian’s address.

The office manager received all the documents sent from Ixium and forwarded the documents to the Duke along with the written reports. In other words, all of Damian’s documents went to the office first. Damian considered going to the office that he had never been to before, but he changed his mind.

‘Father’s the one receiving it, anyways.’

Damian figured that his father wouldn’t care much about a few days of suspension, especially since it wasn’t expulsion. Damian’s speculation was correct. Before Ixium had even sent a notice of Damian’s suspension, Hugo learnt of it from his subordinate’s report. After getting the report, Hugo mumbled disinterestedly.

“Suspension? No big deal then.”

There were two things that would make Hugo have interest in Damian’s academy life. Damian being terribly harmed (or killed), or something happens that would prevent Damian from graduating. Apart from these, everything else was left to Damian. This was also why he left the guys that were disturbing Damian alone. If Damian couldn’t handle things like the guys trying to pick a fight with him at the Academy, then he wouldn’t be able to handle becoming the lord of the north.

‘What is he thinking...?’

Damian was attending the academy in a state where his status was uncertain. At first, this was Hugo’s intention. When Damian first enrolled, Hugo registered his name as ‘Damian’ only. He didn’t leave any trace that would lead to the boy’s true identity. At the time, Damian was too young, and had no power befitting of his status as the heir to a Duke. Once people became aware of his identity and focused their attention on him, unexpected and dangerous things could happen, so Hugo took appropriate measures.

Once Damian grew older and was capable of discernment, if he asked to reveal his identity, Hugo had no plans of stopping him. However, Damian was still enduring the attacks on him with bated breath and letting them pass. Judging from the line-up of the bastards looking for trouble, it was obvious that they were empty husks that wouldn’t dare to speak rashly if they knew that Damian was the son of the Duke of Taran.

The Academy was a small society made up of children, but that was also why there were more thorough in the pecking order amongst themselves. When they got out into society, they would realize that status was not a perfect solution, but as of now, the children’s world was still narrow. In the eyes of the arrogant children, the Damian, who wasn’t the Duke of Taran’s son, was a stone on the floor that they could step on as much as they liked.

‘If he has the conceited idea of not using his background at all, then that is rather dull.’

If Damian’s status was elevated due to the knowledge that he was the Duke’s son, then that was thanks to his background, not his ability. If Damian hated that and was in the process of being stubborn, then Hugo would be quite disappointed. Background was also part of one’s ability. This was a world where one could never rise above a certain height without a background.

‘There’s still time, so I’ll just have to wait and see.’

It would be fine to simply call the boy and ask him what he was thinking but Hugo did not do that. He had no plans of spoon feeding the boy. The boy had to be strong. If something happened to Hugo by any chance, he had to be capable of protecting his mother and younger sister. He didn’t originally intend to let Damian grow in a greenhouse like a flower, but after his daughter was born, he was thinking of making Damian stronger.

Hugo was not interested in the suspension. But he was interested in the fact that the suspension was caused by a fight. The boy wasn’t the type to be easily provoked to come to blows. As he chuckled, thinking ‘a child is a child, as expected’, he read the attached document which gave a full account of the fight.

Hugo’s expression gradually turned ominous. When he got to where it stated that they had trampled the handkerchief, his hand gripped the document in his hand tighter.

‘These young bastards are excessive.’

His wife did not accept his request to make a handkerchief for him when she was making one for Damian.

[When the one I gave you gets old, I’ll make you a new one for you.]

Hugo didn’t use the handkerchief Lucia gave him because he felt like it was too valuable. So, there was no way it was getting old. He just had no choice but to watch Lucia make a handkerchief for Damian. With the birth of Evangeline, Lucia was busy making things for her daughter to use too. Hugo didn’t know why he couldn’t get his wife to make something for him too when she was making stuff for their daughter.

Hugo checked to see which family the perpetrating child came from and committed it to memory. He wasn’t going to do anything currently, but if anything came up for him to find fault in, he would remember this day. He could hold grudges for a very long time.

* * *

The organization of the mails that poured in was one of the important things she had to do. Lucia checked the mails that came in for her. Most of them were invitations but occasionally, there were personal letters. The mails she usually waited for were letters from Damian or the occasional letter from Norman.

Lucia picked up an envelope, brought out its contents and as she read through it, her expression became increasingly strange. She checked the envelope again to verify who the sender was. It had the official seal of Ixium, signifying that it was sent from there.

This mail was not originally sent to Lucia. Today, Jerome was busy with something else so he left the sorting of the letters to another person, but that person mistakenly put it in the Madam’s mails. Lucia looked through the contents again.

“Suspension...”

It was a notice stating that Damian had been punished with seven days of suspension.

“What do they mean Damian has been suspended?”

She read the official notice several times, but it did not say the exact reason for the suspension. It only stated that he disrupted order in the school and violated the rules. There was no way her well-behaved son would cause enough trouble to be suspended. Something was wrong here.

Thankfully, her husband didn’t go out today; he was in the office, grappling with documents. Lucia took the notice in her hand and headed to her husband’s office.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.4 - DAMIAN(4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side Story 1.4 DAMIAN(4)

The door opened quietly and the mild scent of tea wafted in. Hugo was buried in his work, not lifting his head, but when the sign of someone approaching didn’t disappear, he lifted his gaze. He discovered his wife, standing there with a tea tray in her hands and his eyes grew wide.

“How come you’re here?”

“Did I interrupt you? I would like some of your time. Is now okay?”

“Ah. Yes, now is fine.”

Hugo swiftly got up and sat opposite of her on the sofa. Lucia filled the two teacups with tea and placed one in front of her husband and herself.

“I felt like it would be right to talk with you here because it’s both a personal matter and formal matter.”

Lucia placed the mail she had brought with her on the table. Hugo looked through the contents of the mail with an indifferent expression and as Lucia watched him put it back inside the envelope, she said:

“You know what this is about, right?”

“It’s nothing big. He seems to have fought with his classmates.”

“Is Damian hurt?”

Hurt? Damian’s swordsmanship was at a professional level. The sword skills he learnt were the standard one, so they couldn’t surpass the killing skills that Hugo learnt as a mercenary slave, but it would be difficult to find his match among his peers.

According to the reports, he could even win against his seniors that were three to four years older easily. By the time he graduated, he wouldn’t lose to anyone in a pure swordsmanship match. The generations of men in the Taran family had sturdy constitutions. Equipped with the skill of innate ability, they had no opponent.

“It’s fine. Kids fight as they grow.”

As he watched Lucia breathe a sigh of relief, Hugo thought that she treated Damian too much like a child. He didn’t know what she was so worried about when her son was already so much taller than her.

“So why is he suspended for a simple fight? What’s going on? Was the child he fought greatly hurt?”

“It’s not really that.”

Hugo couldn’t help but briefly explain what Damian’s current situation was like. He explained that Damian lived hiding his status so there were guys who often came to look for his trouble and that this time, he received an unfair punishment. Hugo spoke lightly but Lucia’s expression gradually hardened as she listened.

“So you’re saying that Damian was ridiculously and unfairly punished.”

“...Sounds about right.”

“So what do you plan to do?”

Hugo didn’t care much about it. He was going to just let it pass by. But when he was about to reply with, ‘what am I supposed to do,’ he felt like his wife’s eyes would turn up sharply, so he quietly shut his mouth.

Lucia’s maternal love was at its peak after giving birth and raising Evangeline. The knowledge that Damian was being oppressed at the Academy made unbearable anger surge within her. How dare they— to my son!

“Actually, I have been thinking about things regarding Damian.”

Not long ago was Evangeline’s first birthday. Hugo borrowed a hall in the royal palace and held an extravagant and grand birthday party. It was big enough for the attendees to insinuate that the party was bigger than Princess Selena’s. Despite receiving a swarm of congratulatory messages, Lucia was disheartened by Damian’s absence throughout.

When she sent Damian an invitation to attend, Damian replied that he was sorry, but it was difficult because he was in school. Damian truly couldn’t spare time during the semester so he couldn’t attend. However, Lucia took it differently, in that, she thought that Damian was averse to presenting himself before other people.

The capital’s high society did not know of Damian’s existence. The people who were always in-the-know with rumors definitely knew, but because they were caution of the Duke and Duchess of Taran, they didn’t spread it.

Lucia did not intend to hide Damian. However, Damian was too young to make a social debut and because he went to the academy, he was never at the capital, which meant that even if she said anything, it would just cause useless rumors to spread so she just kept to herself.

Lucia’s mind began to change due to the New Year party this year. Every year at the New Year’s party, many noble children made their debut in the social circle. She watched as the parents of the children busied around everywhere, trying to make sure their children who were debuting, made even the slightest good impression.

Lucia had smiled as she greeted the young boys and girls of fourteen years who were just making their debut. And then, there was a boy who strikingly stood out to her. It was Chris, the son of Marquis Philip. People’s attentions were focused on the debut of the child of a family in power. He wasn’t greeting people, rather, they were greeting him.

As Lucia watched the confident and brightly smiling young boy, Damian came to her mind. She thought to herself, that Damian was as qualified as the Marquis’s son to be standing there confidently, with people’s attention on him.

“Do you really want Damian to stay in the dorms until he graduates?”

“I promised to let him graduate from the day he entered.”

“I’m not saying that he shouldn’t graduate. I’m just asking if he needs to be on the boarding course? Other kids are on vacation while Damian had to have dates annually issued for him to go out. This cannot go on until his graduation.”

“So what are you thinking?”

“Change his course. It shouldn’t be boarding course, but something that allows him to come home on vacation like the other kids at the academy.”

“I don’t think that’s possible within the Academy’s regulations.”

“I know you can change it.”

Hugo was shocked speechless by the fact that such words came out from his wife’s mouth.

“In addition, there is now a need for Damian to introduce himself into the social circles.”

“Why all of a sudden?”

Damian’s social debut wasn’t something he had considered. Damian would be eighteen years old when he finished his 12 years of boarding. At that point, he would have learnt what he needed to do at the academy, plus he would be at the proper age, so he would then be taught what needed to be taught. That was Hugo’s plan.

“It’s not all of a sudden, this is something I have been thinking about. When Damian graduates, his social debut will be too late.”

Social debuts usually happened at fifteen, and at the earliest, it was one or two years earlier. However, there weren’t many cases where someone made a debut considerably late. Families who followed the rule of succession mostly kept to this principle.

“It’s not that necessary. A social debut isn’t that important.”

“It is important. Damian’s birth had a weakness. So I think it will be better to have him debut very early and make people recognize that he is definitely your successor.”

Until now, the Taran family had gone by without participating in many activities in the social circles. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that they had locked themselves up in the north. In this generation, Hugo unusually broadened their activities. According to his precedents, social activities in the capital were meaningless.

However, there was a possibility for changes in the way the Taran family ran when Damian took over. In addition, the social debut arrangements of the children was the Lady of the House’s responsibility. Therefore, Hugo couldn’t find any reason to oppose his wife’s idea.

“I want to hold a debut party before the end of this winter.”

“I think that’s early.”

“By the time New Year comes around, he will be thirteen. He’s taller and more mature than those his age so it’s fine.”

“Do what you want.”

“Ask His Majesty for use of the hall like you did for Eve’s birthday.”

“Borrow what hall. The New Year party is soon after this winter anyways. It can be done then.”

“But Damian isn’t the focus at the New Year’s Party.”

“It isn’t good if he stands out too much on his first debut stage. Especially since to the other people, his existence isn’t even known and then, he suddenly appears.

“Is that so...you have a point. I’ll think about it again.”

Hugo borrowing a hall in the royal palace to throw an unprecedented grand ball for Evangeline’s social debut was still something in the distant future.

“So, you’ll resolve Damian’s suspension issue, right?”

“...Sure.”

“Thankfully, the semester has just finished so you should go bring him back.”

“Me?”

“Are you busy?”

He was busy indeed. Plus, he didn’t know why he needed to go there personally and pick up the boy. He had already bought a pass for the gate, and using the gate, it was a half-a-day distance from the Academy to the ducal residence.

However, Hugo couldn’t win against the pressure of his wife, who was looking straight at him. This was his wife who took every opportunity to talk about building the relationship between father and son. Hugo thought that he and the boy had just the right amount of distance between them. Of course, he kept this thought to himself.

“...I will go.”

Since she had cleanly solved the issue at hand, Lucia lightly rose to her feet.

“I took more of your time than I thought. I won’t bother you anymore.”

Hugo quickly hooked an arm around his wife’s waist as she hurried to leave.

“Since we’ve already been talking so far, let’s keep on talking.”

“Talking about what?”

Hugo held her waist firmly, keeping her close in his arms and his other hand went down to her behind. He wove his knee between her legs and squeezed it between her thighs then he pressed down his lips on her slender, long neck. Lucia’s face flushed red.

“Th—you’re nuts.”

“I’m absolutely nuts for you.”

“This is where you work!”

“It’s not like this is the first time.”

Lucia’s face burned even redder.

She remembered the night when he carried her to the second floor in the middle of the night, her nakedness wrapped with a bedsheet, and she was so afraid that someone would see that even her fingertips were tense. It was a thrilling night. But the fact that she committed such a messy act in her husband’s workplace continued to make her feel awkward and embarrassed.

“It wasn’t daytime then!”

When he hugged her, Lucia pounded on his chest. Holding her to his chest, Hugo used his arm to push away all the documents on his desk then he placed her on it. Some documents and writing materials fell to the floor but he didn’t care.

“Hugh! Someone will come!”

“No one will come unless they want to die.”

Hugo leaned on his desk with both arms and kissed her before she found more things to nag about. He enjoyed tasting her full lips and her small, soft tongue. He sucked on her chewy, soft lower lips then he pushed his tongue deeper into her mouth. Her mouth felt feverishly hot to him.

His tongue scoured her mouth and swept over her gums. Their salivas mixed together in both a hurried and calm manner. Kisses with him were always hot and pleasuring. Lucia tasted sweetness in his mouth just like how he swallowed her saliva like sweet honey.*

Their tongues slid against each other, tangling and untangling. His hand held the back of her neck supporting her, while her two arms were wrapped around his neck. Their lips momentarily separated before coming together again. At some point, Lucia had become so absorbed by the kiss that she clung to him. She felt electrified to her fingertips and heat rose in the area between her thighs. She couldn’t stop his hand as it came into her skirt and pulled it down. Rather, she lifted up her butt to help him remove it.

“Haa...Haa...”

She was short of breath thanks to the unceasing string of kisses. Hugo’s red eyes flickered with dark desire as he watched her try to catch her breath with her slightly swollen lips.

He groped along her thigh then he lifted her skirt and place his hand between her open legs. As soon as she felt cold air brush against her bare lower abdomen, something hot rubbed against her entrance. Her mouth watered at the thought of his blazing red eyes, his lips glistening with saliva, his erotic scent and the pleasure he would give her.

“Hnng!”

His hot manhood broke through her flesh and entered. He gripped her butt and vigorously thrust into her. Her privates had already begun to get wet during the kiss so she swallowed his huge size with no resistance. As he filled her so much that she almost couldn’t breathe, he moved in and out of her with ferocity. Lucia’s body shook all over the place as she hung from him with her arms around his neck. The intense stimulation between her legs quickly brought Lucia to her climax.

“Aah!!”

Lucia put her arms around his shoulders and leaned back. Her shoulders shuddered as her sight blacked out for an instant before becoming clear again. The orgasm that came in less than no time was as short as it was intense.

As the tremors of her inner walls around his member lessened, Hugo bit her ear.

“Is that all?”

“Ah!”

Before she could even reply, he moved. Lucia moaned and began to move up and down again. Every time he plunged in deep and touched somewhere, something deep inside her body grew hotter. She was captivated by a sense of contradicting hopes and fears in that she wished for the thing to come and at the same time, she didn’t want it to come.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.5 - DAMIAN(5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(5)

A chill began to crawl up her spine. Recognizing what this feeling was, Lucia tried to hold back a tearful moan. The worry that someone might knock on the office door at any time brought her even more excitement. Not long after, just as something erupted inside her, he moaned and hot semen flooded into her. Lucia’s mouth was open as her inner walls spasmed carelessly, but she couldn’t even utter a moan. Her head was turned to mush from the incessantly rising pleasure.

“Hn...Hng...”

Lucia clung to him as she sobbed. Her whole body was trembling. Hugo buried his face in her neck and drew in a deep, rough breath. He had never seen a woman as sensitive as her. The moment he entered her, her entire body quivered. Her body was a lewd one that orgasmed over and over again.

She hit her climax in her second or third orgasm faster than in her first. Her entire body quivered, her chest was swollen, her nipples were perked, and her inner walls, especially, which clung tight to his member, was no joke.

Her tender and hot insides had clamped down on his thing and gripped him tight. He was almost unable to resist and cummed inside her in surrender. And then the spasms of her inner walls were almost endless, like a heartbeat.

Even though he was just staying still inside her, he couldn’t help but moan. As time passed, the spasms of her inner walls gradually lessened. Every time it clenched around him very slowly and gripped him tight, small creases formed on his forehead.

He began to plant light kisses along the line of her neck. He moved up her neck, to the bottom of her chin, before reaching the side of her lips. He lightly kissed the top of her lip then he enveloped her lips, put his tongue in her mouth and pressed them into a heated kiss.

He moved his waist backwards, pulling out of her, then he lifted her and placed her down facing the desk. When the cold wood of the desk touched her cheek, Lucia felt embarrassed, but her body shook with excitement.

His thick manhood brushed past the flesh of her thighs and penetrated her deeply. He only came to a stop when his thighs slowly came to touch her butt. Now fully inside her, he let out a rough breath.

Her extremely sensitive insides squeezed his intruding member tight. His view felt giddy causing him to grit his teeth. He couldn’t move. After giving birth to a child, his wife’s body had become so much more mature. He took a few hard breaths then he pulled his waist back and rammed in strongly.

“Ung!”

His movements began to grow a little faster. As flesh smacked against flesh, the sound of liquid splashing could be heard. Lucia pushed against the desk in an effort not to fall, but both her body and the desk were rocking back and forth. Whenever his hard flesh intensely filled her up to the brim, Lucia screamed, moaning with pleasure.

“Ah! Ahh!”

When it hit deep inside, her vision flickered. When her vaginal walls clenched, he groaned. His hands on her hips gripped her a little harder. He thrust in a few more times then he rammed all the way in and sprayed into her womb. As he heaved, fighting for breath, he bit her earlobe and licked it. Her insides went into a fit of spasm and her body shook from the pleasure.

“I won’t...come to your office again.”

Hearing her say that as she panted, Hugo burst into laughter.

* * *

The last semester of this year ended, leaving about a month or so until the first day of the new year. And about two months after the vacation marks the start of the first semester of the following year. In the summer, most students returned home within a day or two after the summer vacation begins, so the campus would get very quiet. However, the winter vacation tended to remain crowded even a week into vacation due to graduation.

Today in particular, was the day of graduation and densely packed carriages kept filing into the campus.

The day that Hugo decided to visit Ixium was the graduation day, of all days. Two carriages with the vivid symbol of a black lion, mixed with numerous other carriages and entered Ixium. Unlike the other carriages, it didn’t head to the auditorium where the graduation was in full swing but to the Head Office.

The entrance of the Head Office was relatively quiet. But there were a few people standing outside as if they were waiting for someone. Waldo, the Dean of Ixium, had been nervously rubbing his hands and once he caught sight of the carriage, he promptly flew down the stairs, skipping a few steps on the way. As he watched the two carriages stop and attendants came down from the rear carriage to stand beside the carriage in front, he swallowed nervously.

The door of the carriage opened, and a dark-haired man stepped out. The man stood out, with hair as dark as shadows and a height and frame like that of a fierce knight. The pupils underneath his thick eyebrows were as red as blood and the bridge of his nose was straight on his symmetrical features. In all, he was a man with a rarely seen beauty.

However, the people that saw him were overwhelmed by the atmosphere around him rather than his appearance. They could feel a ferocious energy beneath his cool gaze and ice dripped from his expressionless face. The feeling emanating from him was as though as one would be cut down if they dared to approach him.

Waldo respectfully bowed his waist and seeing Waldo move to escort his guest and entourage inside, the staffs of the Head Office that stood with him, whispered amongst themselves as they didn’t know who the guests were.

“The Dean’s nose almost touched the floor. Who in the world has come?”

The students of the Academy were either royal descendants, aristocrats, or a least the child of someone with enormous capital. As someone who had dealt with all kinds of people in high positions, the Dean of Ixium’s pride was high.

“It must be Xenon’s Duke of Taran.”

“Duke of Taran? You mean that Duke of Taran?”

“Is there any other Duke of Taran in Xenon?”

“To see someone, you’ve only heard of through rumors is quite amazing. I didn’t expect him to be so young. His aura is frightful, indeed.”

Waldo wasn’t nervous just because his guest was the Duke of a nation. He was nervous because the Duke of Taran had great influence over the board of directors, which was capable of replacing the Dean of the Academy, in addition, the Duke was a sponsor that gave a considerable amount of scholarship to the school every year.

As a standard, Ixium received huge tuition fees and enrolled royals or nobles from around the world, but they also paid attention to attracting scholarship students with outstanding academic ability, regardless of status, in order to produce future professors. Having outstanding faculty members has raised the Academy’s quality to a higher level. Therefore, how much scholarships the Dean can attract was also a measure of his ability.

“If I had been notified in advance, I would have taken more care to make sure nothing would inconvenience you. Things are a bit rowdy due to the graduation and the preparations are insufficient. I apologize.”

Waldo was only abruptly informed of an important guest’s visit this morning. Because it was the day of graduation, he was very busy, he had many people to meet and his schedule was packed, but he postponed everything, including his speech at the graduation, and focused on receiving the guests.

Some might say that Waldo was being servile. In actuality, some parts of him was. Waldo had only the reasonable capability for his position, but he had kept his seat as the Dean of the Academy for nearly a decade because he was outstandingly tactful and astute.

Waldo secretly took notice of Hugo frowning minutely after taking a sip of the tea served to him and putting it back. He immediately knew that his secretary had screwed up the tea. He had been tolerant because it was a relative with special consideration, but from today onwards, they were fired.

“Please tell us what you need, Your Excellency and we will promptly sort it out for you.”

“I am here to meet my son who is enrolled here in Ixium.”

Waldo felt his back go cold. He had never heard that. Never. If he had heard it, there was no way he would have forgot. Waldo kept a special record of royals or high-ranking noble students that he needed to pay attention to. The Duke of Taran’s son would have been at the top of that list.

“I was sent this thing.”

Waldo took the envelope the Duke gave to him and when he looked at its contents, his hand trembled. 7 days of suspension? What crazy bastard—!

“I personally looked into it and found that there was a problem with the procedures.”

How dare you give my son 7 days suspension. It looks like you’re tired of playing Dean. That’s how it sounded in Waldo’s ears.

“I will investigate this and fix it right away.”

Waldo’s mind was scattered. He was agitated and wanted to quickly find out how such a huge incident had happened.

“My son is in the boarding course. I would like to take him home, but he hasn’t received permission to go out. Moreover, he’s still in confinement...”

“There is no problem at all. You can take your son with you right away, Your Excellency. Shall I bring him here now?”

Hugo thought about it for a moment then he shook his head. The waiting time was boring.

“I’ll go meet my son and take him from there.”

“If he’s in confinement, then he should be at the dorms. I will take you personally...”

“There’s no need for that.”

As Waldo sent off the Duke of Taran, he emphasized his statement.

“Please do not worry about the matter concerning your child. I will definitely look into it and correct the mistake.”

Waldo’s face was rigid as he watched the departing carriage. This incident was a huge threat to his position as Dean. His schedules for today that he had postponed was none of his business.

He was going to find out how this ‘7 days of suspension’ came about, why he didn’t know that the Duke of Taran’s son was enrolled in Ixium and he planned on dealing with his staff who didn’t do their work properly.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.6 - DAMIAN(6)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(6)

As Damian flipped the page of his book, he heard an odd sound and looked in that direction. The sound came from Chris, who had been sleeping sprawled out on the sofa but fell to the floor when he tossed in his sleep. The sight of Chris climbing back onto the sofa made Damian chuckle.

Even though vacation had already began, Chris remained at the Academy. And whenever it was time to eat, he would knock on the door of Damian’s room. Once it reached the third day, Damien asked Chris why he wasn’t going home, and Chris scratched his head, looking awkward and replied.

[I feel like things got bigger because I got involved and all the blame was shifted to you. I know you never went against those guys before. Because of me, your fight with them got bigger and you were even punished with suspension.]

[It’s not your fault.]

[I feel terrible, I can’t just go home like this. I’ll stay and be punished with you. Uh...Am I bothering you by any chance? If you tell me not to come, I won’t.]

Even though he said that, it was glaringly obvious that Chris was worried that he was really being a bother, so Damian couldn’t tell him not to come to his face.

[...Do what you want.]

And so from the next morning onwards, Chris came to Damian’s room to kill time and stayed until it was late as if it was his own room. He wasn’t doing anything much. He didn’t disturb Damian’s reading, he played with the fox, then picked up a book and if that was boring too, he took a nap. The interesting part was that Asha, who was usually shy of strangers, quickly became friendly with Chris. For Damian, it was his first time dealing with a guy like Chris who approached him so cheekily. He didn’t know how to handle him but he didn’t hate it.

“Damian.”

“What.”

“Is it time for dinner yet?”

“Lunch wasn’t that long ago.”

“Time is moving really slow today, must be because it’s the last day. Is your name your real one?”

According to the academy’s policy, when a teacher called a student, or when students referred to each other, they must be called by their names, not honorary title, regardless of their status. Many of the students who found it insulting to have anyone call their noble name, registered a pseudonym for use only in the academy.

“Yes, it is.” (Damian)

“Mine is my real name too. Will you keep staying at the academy during the vacation?”

“I have to go home.”

“Ah...you’re going home.”

Chris wanted to invite him to his house, but could only smack his lips with regret. After their brief conversation ended, Chris sprawled himself across the sofa again and when he heard a knock on the door, he abruptly lifted his head. Damian put his book down and fixed his gaze on the door too. When the knock on the door came a second time, Chris sprang to his feet.

“I’ll get it.”

Chris ran to the door and opened it.

* * *

Hugo glanced at Chris, who was frozen in place as he held the door open, then he entered inside. Damian jumped to his feet in surprise. He couldn’t believe his eyes.

“Father.”

Chris had been alternating gazes between the Duke of Taran and the small Duke of Taran with eyes as wide as saucers, and when he heard the word that came out of Damian’s mouth, his jaw went slack.

Hugo cast a glance around the room, taking in its sights for the first time. The small decorations that filled up the room had obviously been used for a long time and the interior design of the room hasn’t been changed after it was put in this dorm. Apart from the width, there was nothing particularly eye-catching. Hugo paid a huge amount of money for Damian’s dorm every year. The enormous tuition fees were going elsewhere because this kind of place was definitely not a VIP suite.

‘I have to give my thanks.’

He was looking for a reason to change Damian’s boarding course to something else and this was perfect. Changing a course involves dealing with the foundational rules, so an amendment was difficult. Hugo could exert a great deal of influence over the board of directors, but he didn’t have the decisive vote to change the foundational rules.

Among the courses at the academy, was a two-year intensive course. As long as you wanted to, during those two years, you could attend any course you wanted to. It was part of the academy’s business insight. In exchange, no certificate for graduation or completion was given. In order to prevent the falsification of academic level due to changing from the intensive course to another course, it was stated as a closed construct rule that one course couldn’t be changed to another.

From the way the dorm looked, it was obvious that not just one or two coins were stolen. If this was audited, there was likely going to be a few board of directors caught. From the looks of it, he was going to be able to secure the decisive vote in the board of directors. Since he had now found a way, his wife’s request was practically solved.

Hugo turned to Damian and looked him over, up and down. He looked bigger than the last time he saw him. Whether it was Damian or Evangeline, once he looked away and turned back, something about them had changed.

“Do you have something left to do?” (Hugo)

Damian had been standing nervously ever since his father’s gaze fell on him, so he quickly replied.

“No, I do not.” (Damian)

“If there’s anything you need to pack, pack it now. We’re going home.” (Hugo)

“But I’m currently under confinement...”

“That’s taken care of.”

“Did something happen at home, by any chance?”

Damian was quickly filled with worry after his surprise over his father’s visit had settled down. The face of his mother and younger sister quickly flashed in his mind.

“‘Something happen’? Well, I can’t say nothing happened.”

As he listened to the pair of father and son talk to each other, Chris stealthily approached and continued to alternate glances between them. When he saw them separately, he thought they looked similar, but seeing them side by side, they didn’t just look similar, they looked exactly alike. Anyone could tell that they were definitely not strangers. Despite that, if you didn’t hear the call of ‘father’, your first thought would definitely not be that they were as father and son. You would think that they looked more like brothers with a huge age difference.

‘So Damian is really the son of the Duke of Taran? But why doesn’t anyone know?’

He could not understand why people didn’t know that someone as famous as the Duke of Taran had a son as big as Damian.

Hugo frowned slightly, seeing the boy who had stopped a few steps away from him, shoved his head forward, and was blatantly and rudely staring at him.

“Who are you?”

Chris realized his mistake and stiffened to attention. His father’s strict eyes flashed before his eyes. If Chris’ father, who was always talking about prudence in appearance, saw Chris’ action today, it wouldn’t just end with a few smacks.

“That was rude of me. I apologize. I am Chris, an academy classmate of Student Damian. It is an honor to meet you.”

Hugo stroked his chin as he watched Chris bend over till he was practically in half.

“You seem familiar.” (Hugo)

“I’m sorry? Ah...I once gave you my greetings at the New Year party earlier this year.” (Chris)

‘Don’t tell me he remembers something from almost a year ago?’

When his father was introducing him to people, he had greeted the ducal couple only once.

‘Oops. I didn’t introduce my name properly.’

While Chris agonized over whether to introduce himself again after realizing his mistake, Hugo’s memory came back to him. Hugo’s memory was extraordinary, the only problem was that he hadn’t really cared about it.

“The second son of Marquis Philip.” (Hugo)

“Huh? Y-Yes, you’re right.” (Chris)

“Academy classmate, you say? What are you doing here?”

“For that, I...”

Chris was going to confess that he had a huge responsibility in Damian’s suspension. But Damian spoke first.

“He’s my friend.”

Chris has stayed in his room continuously for several days but Damian couldn’t define his relationship with Chris. But after he said it, he realized. Chris was his friend. The first friend he made at the academy. He looked at Chris and found the boy grinning at him and he laughed.

Hugo looked at the two boys with intrigue in his eyes. His wife was very interested in Damian’s friendships.

[Damian never mentions friends in his letters. Could he have no friends?]

[Such things aren’t necessary.]

Hugo had never had a friend in his life, nor had he ever wanted one or thought it was necessary. When he said that, his wife looked at him prudishly.

[Well, for me, I hope Damian doesn’t end up resembling you in that area.]

Hugo felt wronged; he was criticized even though he was innocent. He felt like at this rate, if Damian had no friends, he would hear that Damian really took after him to be like that. He had been considering sticking a few similar henchmen-like friends by his son’s side. But with this, his wife would definitely love to hear that Damian had someone to call a friend.

“You said you were Chris, right? Are you also boarding?” (Hugo)

“No, sir. I will be going home soon.” (Chris)

“That’s good then. Come with me too.” (Hugo)

“...Pardon?”

Hugo urged Damian, not answering Chris’ puzzlement.

“If you’ve packed everything, hurry up.”

There wasn’t even time to pack but Damian simply carried Asha in his arms without complaints. And as he followed after Hugo, who was heading to the door, he spoke to Chris, who was just standing there, spaced out.

“What are you doing? Let’s go.”

“You mean me?”

As he looked at this back of his cold-blooded friend, who didn’t bother to reply a second time, Chris followed, still dazed. To him, the way this pair of father and son talked was strange.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.7 - DAMIAN(7)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(7)

‘Why am I...’

Without even realizing it, Chris was some way or the other, sitting inside a carriage running through the capital’s streets. And inside the carriage, sat the famous Duke of Taran on the opposite side of him and beside the Duke, was Damian with his fox on his lap.

‘I’m thankful that journey to the capital was comfortable and fast but...’

Chris didn’t know why he was currently in the same carriage with the Duke of Taran and his son, going to who-knows-where. He couldn’t muster up the courage to ask the Duke of Taran where they were going nor could he say that he was very grateful to have been brought this far and that if they let him down anywhere now, he could find his way home. Chris felt like if he went home now, he could actually look at his strict father straight in the eye. Compared to the Duke of Taran, his father was a very comfortable person to be around.

“You mentioned earlier that something had happened. May I ask what that is?” (Damian)

What Hugo said before in the dorms had kept on swimming around in Damian’s mind. He waited for his father to say something first but when there were no signs of that, he couldn’t hold back and asked.

“Your mother received your notice of suspension.” (Hugo)

“...” (Damian)

Damian’s face sank. He didn’t want to make his mother worry.

“When I said don’t kill people at the Academy, I didn’t mean you should get beaten by irrelevant turds.” (Hugo)

“...I’m sorry.” (Damian)

“Do you bear the weak thought that no matter the issue, killing isn’t an option?” (Hugo)

Hugo was worried that Damian might show weakness like his biological father. Once he became the head of the Taran family, he couldn’t avoid the subjugation of barbarians in the north. He must be prepared to reap numerous lives.

“No. Whenever I lift my sword, I am always prepared to stop my opponent from breathing.”

Chris turned ghastly pale and his body shook with fright. His hands gripped his knees harder. Was he hearing something he shouldn’t be hearing? Would be dragged to some quiet place and ended at this rate? All sorts of thoughts ran through his head.

Unfazed by Chris’ terror, the Taran father and son continued their bloody conversation like it was an everyday occurrence.

“Your mother wants to introduce you into the social circle. Don’t argue and just do as she says.”

“Yes, sir.”

“You’ll go back to the academy when the semester starts. I’ll take care of the outing issue.”

“I want to go back at least a week before the semester starts.”

Hugo hummed, as he thought it over.

“I am in the process of speaking to His Majesty about your title. If the bestowment procedures finish quickly then it is possible. For now, we’ll have to wait and see.”

“When you say title...”

“The successor to the Taran name cannot go without a title after debuting in the social circle.”

Chris’ face, which had been deadly pale, now looked dazed.

‘Title? Successor?’

Chris looked at Damian with new eyes.

‘What? This guy is the next Duke?’

Chris figured that the reason why Damian’s status was unknown was because he was a precious young master, experiencing the world. A wicked smile crept onto Chris’ lips.

‘You’re all dead now.’

Chris laughed inside, thinking about how black the faces of those two guys who caused the suspension incident would look, as well as the bastards who kept looking for Damian’s trouble for no reason.

‘Still, even if he is the successor, he’s already being given a title? Is that possible?’

Most of the people that were conferred titles were usually around twenty years old. The successor of Marquis Philip, Chris’ elder brother, was 19 years old, but he had not received a title yet.

Despite Chris’ expression seemingly changing every minute, the Taran father and son’s dry conversation continued.

“After today, rumors that you are my son will likely spread in your academy.”

As they were on their way to the carriage after leaving the dorms, a string of students who were returning to the dorms after the graduation ceremony saw them. Some of them seemed to be from Xenon because when they saw them, they looked like they were going to have a fit. Rumors were bound to spread quickly from their mouths.

“Did you plan to keep hiding it?”

“No. I was going to reveal it soon.”

Hugo remembered what his wife had carefully said before he left.

[I’m worried that Damian might be hiding himself purposefully because of his birth. Please comfort the child so that he won’t be anxious or uncertain.]

“Damian. I said I will give you my position and I never go back on my promise. I think you can do well.”

“...Yes. Father.”

Damian’s gaze slowly fell to the floor. His flushed ears itched like it had a rash. Glancing at the red-eared Damian, Chris thought for the first time, that Damian looked his own age.

‘Although the manner of speaking is stiff and the content of their conversation is dubious, it’s not very different from my relationship with my father.’

Chris was relieved. He didn’t know why but he was just relieved. Chris’ feeling of contentment only lasted a moment.

“If I ever hear of the heir of the Taran family being beaten again, graduating from the academy or not, I will stick you at the northern border to train.”

“I will keep that in mind. Such a thing will not happen again.”

Chris’ face went ghastly pale again.

‘Like I thought, these people’s conversation is odd somewhere. Oh? That’s my house.’

Chris sorrowfully watched his house, which he weirdly missed a lot today, getting farther through the window as the carriage rode on.

The carriage entered the ducal residence then it stopped. Chris came down from the carriage and looked around. The surrounding view was immersed in darkness, but thankfully, he wasn’t being dragged to a scary place like he feared. After handing Asha over to a servant, Damian approached Chris, who was looking around, and tapped him on his shoulder.

“What are you doing.”

“Huh? Oh. We’re at your house...?”

“Of course, where else would we be? Ah, do you have to go home right now?”

You’re only asking now? Chris mumbled inwardly as he shook his head.

“There’s nothing urgent.” (Chris)

“Come in then.” (Damian)

Chris silently watched Damian’s retreating back, then he hesitantly followed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.8 - DAMIAN(8)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(8)

Lucia came out to greet her husband with Evangeline in her arms. Evangeline stretched out her little hands to Hugo, happy to see him.

“Papa.”

Hugo took Evangeline into his embrace and pecked her on the cheek, then he wrapped an arm around his wife’s waist and lightly kissed her lips.

“You must be tired from the carriage ride all day? You haven’t had dinner yet either.” (Lucia)

“What about you?” (Hugo)

“I waited to have it with you when you came back.”

“I told you not to wait when it’s late.”

“It’s not that late. You should stop by your office first. Your aide has been waiting for you for a while now. I think it’s urgent.”

Hugo returned his daughter to his wife and headed for his office. Lucia turned away from her husband’s retreating back and gave Damian a bright smile.

“Damian, welcome home. You must be tired, right?”

“Have you been well, mother?”

“Wow, my son had already grown so much taller. Alright, let me hug you.”

Lucia gave Evangeline to the nanny and gave Damian a big hug. He was now so tall and big that Lucia couldn’t wrap him up in her arms anymore. Going from holding a soft baby girl to hugging a boy with a sturdy frame, made her feel his growth more distinctly and she felt emotional. She felt like he was growing up so quickly.

“Bobba. Bobba.” (T/N: She’s trying to say Oppa, I think.)

Evangeline, who was with the nanny, excitedly reached for Damian when she saw him.

“Looks like Eve is excited to see her older brother. Say hello.”

Damian took Evangeline into his arms as the nanny handed her over and Evangeline clung tight to his neck with her short arms. Damian supported her with his hand and held his small, soft little sister firm. She had the sweet smell of a baby, mixed with the smell of milk. His heart grew warm and it finally hit him that he had really come home. He was thrilled that his sister hadn’t forgotten him even though he hadn’t seen her in a couple of months.

“Who did you come with?”

“He’s my friend from the academy. I invited him.”

“Oh my, a friend?”

As soon as the Duke of Taran who seemed like he could kill someone with his eyes alone left, Chris watched the figure full of warmth with wonder, then he bowed towards the Duchess.

“Greetings to the Duchess. I am Chris Philip.”

“Ah, we have met before. I’m glad to meet you again as Damian’s friend.”

Lucia sweetly received the greeting with pleasure. Chris was amazed that both the Duke and the Duchess remembered him even though he had only greeted them once about a year ago.

‘Maybe my impression is so strong that people can’t forget me once they see me.’

Chris’ confidence was boosted with his delusion.

“You both must be hungry. Damian, can you take your friend up to your room? I will call you when the food is ready. Do you want me to take Eve?”

“No. I’ll watch Eve.”

“You’ll do that?”

Damian took Chris to his room with Evangeline in his arms. As soon as the door to the room closed, Chris sighed heavily as if he was letting out the breath he had been holding.

“Wow. I thought I would die from nervousness. Hey! How can you let me freak out like this? You could have at least told me in advance!”

“It was beyond my control. I didn’t know my father would come either.”

“Let’s never ride in the same carriage as your scary father for hours again, hm? There shall be no uncontrollable incidents in the future. If such a thing happens again, you must block it. Okay?”

Chris stared at Damian, who shrugged his shoulders vaguely in response, then he put on a friendly expression and approached Evangeline, who was clinging to Damian. Once he touched the pretty little hands hanging onto Damian’s neck, Evangeline pulled her hand away and quickly turned her head.

“Ai, little lady, you’re discriminating against me.”

Chris muttered dejectedly.

“I wish the little brat at home was a cute little sister.” (Chris)

“You have a younger brother?” (Damian)

“I have a little demon. Like you, I’m quite older than my brother. He’s five years old and once you take your eyes off him, he causes an accident.”

Evangeline fell asleep in Damian’s arms. Chris carefully observed the child that was sleeping peacefully with her arms still clinging tight to Damian’s neck.

“The baby is so quiet, is it because she’s a girl? My little brother gets so cranky before he sleeps. I’m glad to meet you, lady Taran. Although it’s sad the feeling isn’t returned.”

Chris couldn’t resist gently holding the small hand of the baby girl, his remaining regrets manifesting.

Damian was about to leave his room to put Evangeline to bed in the nursery room, when he met the maid who was coming in just as he was leaving. The maid informed him that their meal was ready.

Damian took Evangeline to her room first and lay her down. Chris, who was following like a baby duck, held Damian’s arm when Damian started to head down to the dining room.

“Wait, do we have to eat with your father when we go down?”

“Probably. Father hasn’t had dinner yet too.”

“...I think I might get indigestion.”

“I’ll give you medicine for it.”

“Hey!”

Chris ate dinner and eventually asked Damian for digestive medicine.

* * *

The last month of the year was the busiest month but once there were only ten days left till the New Year, everything had been finished and it became the slowest time of the year. People usually took a break from work for about 10 days to meet friends that they had rarely heard from or ended the year by spending time with family. It was a custom that most people followed, regardless of their status or position.

Today was the last day to visit the palace this year. Hugo sat opposite of the King, enjoying a relaxing teatime after his year-end meeting was over.

From this evening onwards, it was the beginning of a very long holiday. Last year, Damian has come home for the winter but had to leave for the academy just a few days before New year because of limited time. This year, Damian would be attending the New Year party and also making his social debut, so this was going to be the first end-of-the-year where all four members of the family were together.

His wife was excited, and he was also affected so he felt like he was looking forward to a special holiday.

“Have you found my replacement?” (Hugo)

When Kwiz first established the central policy-making body, he promised Hugo that he would leave him in charge for only two years. Two years had already passed and several months had also passed. Hugo wanted to simplify his unnecessarily busy schedule. And so, for a few months now, he had been urging the King to find his replacement. When the King only drank his tea without saying anything, Hugo raised a brow.

“ Gong , why don’t you keep holding onto it?” (Kwiz)

“You made a promise, Your Majesty.”

Hugo frowned, showing that he certainly did not want to.

“I have no one but you.”

“I am sure there are a lot of people who want to sit in that seat.”

“There are a lot indeed. Which is why it can’t happen.”

The central body which the King had been pushing forward with lightning speed, had been growing steadily over the span of two years and would remain the country’s top department as long as Kwiz was king. The head of the central body was at the center of power.

“To be brutally honest with you, this King has absolutely no intention of making the central department a playground for nobles.”

“I am a noble too.”

“ Gong is excluded.”

After watching the Duke of Taran hold the position of Head of Central for two years, Kwiz reconfirmed that the Duke was truly not interested in power play. Although he was in the best political position to cultivate power that was only next to the King in those 2 years, he remained alienated from noble politics like before.

Kwiz was also very satisfied with the way the Duke did his work. He wasn’t interested in picking only obedient people for the important positions and simply picked them if they did well at their work. Even if it was a politically influential noble, if they weren’t proficient at their job, he cut them off without any hesitation. Thanks to that, the central body had a surprisingly transparent structure, considering the amount of power it held and it consistently gave great results.

Kwiz had figured out that the Duke was not a wolf that led the pack but a lone tiger. No one was strong enough to stand on their own, but he was not the type to lead the majority. He was someone that was more accustomed to energetically blowing someone’s head off than engaging in an intricate mental fight where you smiled even if you didn’t like it or held hands on the outside while hiding a knife in your heart.

Kwiz trusted in the Duke of Taran’s disposition, which found the struggle for power bothersome and he also liked the Duchess’ actions. Just like her husband, she was not interested in taking control of the social circle. He didn’t know whether the two of them became a couple because they were similar but if the couple continued to live satisfied like this, he couldn’t see the Taran family becoming a problem in the future.

“It is a controversial position regardless of who has it. As long as it is Taran Gong , people can’t exactly say anything openly.”

Everyone knew about the King’s firm trust in the Duke of Taran. Day in, day out, the King called the Duke to meet privately for food after every important meeting. The king’s favor was like a double-edged sword, so although many were envious of the Duke, no one dared to move carelessly.

People were afraid because the Duke was unpredictable. The Duke’s image as a knight was stronger than his image as a politician. And knights were a group that caused trouble when they were displeased. To put it bluntly, if he were to kill every single one of them and run to his territory, there was nothing they could do and the dead had died uselessly. There was no one who wanted to be subjected to such a state.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.9 - DAMIAN(9)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(9)

Hugo heaved a sigh when he saw the firm determination in Kwiz’s eyes.

‘How annoying.’

A high position only gave immense headaches, there was nothing good that came out of it. The fact that he frequently went home late was something he really didn’t like. When he got back late, he could only see his daughter’s sleeping face while she got prettier every day, he couldn’t eat dinner with his wife, couldn’t take a walk with his wife, and he was even having a hard time getting some fun at night.

However, being close to the King was definitely convenient. He needed the king’s help in order for Damian to take over his position.

“It is not my hobby to work unpaid.” (Hugo)

“...Gong. Do you know what kind of position you are sitting in? If this king were to offer the position, there will be a string of people lining up to kiss this king’s feet.” (Kwiz)

“Then give it to one of those in the line.”

Kwiz groaned loudly.

“What do you want? I’m curious if there is anything this king can give you.”

“I need a title.”

“A title? What are you using that for?”

“I plan to introduce my son to the social circle at this New Year party.”

“Hoh. Is your son already that old? How old is he?”

“He will be thirteen soon.”

“But what title is given so early? There has never been such a case.”

A young successor may inherit a title due to the loss of his father, but such situations were very rare.

“Then this will be a new precedent.” (Hugo)

“...” (Kwiz)

“I promised my son that I would help ensure that his succession is unshakable.”

“Alright. Alright. I’ll begin the process.”

“Is it possible to be ready by the New Year party?”

“Do you think titles are made and spat out overnight? There are a lot of procedures to get there.”

“Then, Your Majesty can do simply do the conferment ceremony at the New Year party and have the procedures done separately. And while you’re at it, please give me another title.”

“You want me to give two titles to your son? What’s he going to do with two?”

When Lucia heard that Hugo was going to ask the King to grand Damian a title, she was concerned.

[Damian just made a friend, so I’m worried that his relationship with his friend might become strained if his position suddenly rises.]

Hugo planned to resolve his wife’s concerns by giving Damian’s friend a title too.

“I would like it to be given to the second son of Marquis Philip.”

“Why Marquis Philip all of a sudden?”

“The Marquis’ second son is my son’s friend.”

“...so because he is Gong’s son’s friend. In other words, you’re going to give him help from behind?”

“In any case, he’s the second son of a Marquis so he’ll be getting a title someday anyways.”

“Look, Gong.”

Kwiz massaged his temple. Bestowing a title wasn’t something as simple as giving candy to a baby. Granting titles was the King’s sole unique right. It was a weapon for the King to use as much as he wished to coax the nobles who loved honor and reputation.

If a privilege got overused, its value would fall. There was a limit to the total number of titles that could be given out. Titles were returned due to circumstances such as a lack of descendants and so on, or the successor that was supposed to inherit the title from his father returned it, creating a vacancy. Therefore, there weren’t many titles that the king could bestow every year.

“Let’s be materialistic for a little bit. The responsibility that follows in accordance to the title held, isn’t an easy thing. What is going to happen to taxes? Your son aside, do you think Marquis Philip’s young second son can afford to pay taxes?”

People who received titles when they were around 20 were usually successors to their family. The children from second son and below usually received titles after they got married or they received a large residence on a piece of land from their father. There were also many cases where they didn’t get anything at all. The title-based tax was one of the reasons why it was important.

“Your Majesty can give him a title with tax exemption and that solves that. I can satisfy the tax deficit with another cause.”

Kwiz fixed Hugo a stare then he gave a deep sigh.

“It must be really nice to handle everything so simply, Gong.”

“If there’s an issue due to the limited number of titles, I can make two vacancies.”

“...How?”

“I will deal with that on my own.”

The way he would deal with it was most likely frightening. Kwiz wouldn’t put it past the Duke to reap two lives in order to make vacancies. He decided to be a benevolent king and save the two poor unknown lives.

“This king will handle that matter.”

When Kwiz thought about it, he wasn’t losing anything. Marquis Philip was a noble in the Royalist party and he was an inflexible person when it came to aristocratic politics, so he was someone that Kwiz trusted as a close associate. By gifting a tax-exempted title to the Marquis’ son while listening to the Duke’s request at the same time, he could lord it over both parties. In addition, the Duke of Taran said that he would repay the deficit from the tax-exemption. He had been given a lot of work to do during this holiday, but he could bear it.

* * *

The sight of two men in tailcoats standing side by side in the lounge on the first floor wasn’t something one saw every day and even the employees couldn’t help but look from time to time. The gazes of the maids stayed especially longer. Some of the maids hid in the corner of the hallway and stole glances at the pair of father and son.

Their outward features of dark hair and red eyes were distinct but eerily similar like an image, but one of them was taller and more well-built, while the other, the younger one, radiated maturity. When you looked at the smaller, and younger one separately, you could see a perfectly grown youth, but when they stood side by side, he looked like a young boy.

“Her Grace is blessed indeed.”

“I know what you mean. I mean, the first day I saw the young master, I thought ‘what chaos is this’.”

The sudden appearance of the Duke’s grown-up son made people feel sorry for the Madam for a while. But as the maids watched the two men obediently listen to whatever their wife or mother said, they were jealous of the Madam who had obtained such a wonderful and filial son without going through the trouble of carrying him in her belly and raising him.

“Ehem. Ehem.”

The maids who were peeking at the edge of the hallway, discovered the butler when he was clearing his throat and they were frightened. Upon seeing the butler frown, they flinched and quickly scuttled off.

Tsk. Jerome clicked his tongue as he watched the maid scattered, then with a tea tray in his hand, he approached the pair of father and son, who were standing idly, not saying anything to each other.

From her spot on the top of the stairs, Lucia watched her husband and her son, drink tea together, and her cheeks were stained with red. Antoine, who was right next to Lucia, also looked in the direction of her gaze and clasped her hands together, showing how moved she was. She was filled with joy to see the tailcoats she had personally made be worn by perfect creations.

‘Ah, my masterpieces. It’s perfect. It’s fantastic.’

As gentleman’s tailcoat consisted of only two colors, black and white, so although they all looked similar at a glance, it was a garment unique to noble parties. Designers put a lot of work into making delicate designs to overcome the limitations of the two colors. A gentleman’s tailcoat was in a more profound field than a noblewoman’s flashy dress.

Lucia commission Antoine for all the outfits for this New Year’s party. When Antoine first saw the small Duke of Taran, she held her chest and staggered, expressing her feelings in an exaggerated manner. She was excited to have new material to work with and made a bunch of tailcoats for Damian.

Antoine insisted that all of them had different designs but to Damian, they were all the same, so from his standpoint, he had to go through the trouble of trying out the same outfit many times.

Hugo’s tailcoat had the classic design of a high-class item that exuded sharpness. Antoine judged that it was more attractive to show off the Duke’s icy impression than suppress it. So, she chose the most basic design with no useless and unnecessary decoration, and put a brooch gemmed with rubies as the focus of the outfit.

Damian’s tailcoat was lined with dark blue fabric on the sleeves and collar, and the black base material shone with a blueish light when it was illuminated. It was a different design from the conventional practice so far of using just plain black fabrics. It wasn’t an outfit that an elderly person could pull off, but it blended well with Damian’s fresh and youthful aura, so it was luxurious without sacrificing formality.

Damian was momentarily stunned, looking at Lucia. It was his first time seeing Lucia groomed and draped in a party dress. Her silver dress with elaborately woven fine beads shone like butterfly wings reflected in sunlight. Her reddish brown hair drooped over her pearly white shoulders. It was only after Lucia came down the stairs with her hand in Hugo’s that Damian regained his senses and politely kissed the back of her hand.

“You look beautiful, Mother.”

“Thank you. You look dashing yourself. You will definitely be the main focus today.”

“I think you will be the main focus today, Mother. They all will not be able to take their eyes off you.”

Lucia burst out laughing. Damian was usually blunt and taciturn, but sometimes he said things that could shake a woman’s heart surprisingly well. Lucia alternated glances between father and son, and thought to herself, ‘as expected, like father, like son’. When she saw that Damian’s gaze was fixed on the second floor, she reassured him.

“It’s fine. Eve is asleep. She won’t wake up till tomorrow morning. Just enjoy your time at the banquet hall. Don’t worry about Eve.”

“Yes, mother.”

Lucia climbed into the carriage escorted by Hugo and Damian. She had once vaguely imagined that such a day would come. When was that? Lucia was filled with excitement and felt like she was dreaming.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.10 - DAMIAN(10)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(10)

“Aren’t you nervous?”

“I am fine.”

Lucia talked to Damian, trying to make him relax. She kept remembering the party break that happened back in Roam. She scolded herself for having ominous thoughts on such a good day. Although it was hardly possible for there to be someone tactless enough to insult the Duke’s successor in a venue where he was being accompanied by the ducal couple, Lucia couldn’t let go of the anxiety that Damian might get hurt.

Hugo saw through her anxiety and frowned.

“My dear, you are more nervous than him. Don’t worry about the boy, he’s not a child.”

“I am really okay, mother. I don’t want you to feel uneasy because of me.”

Although their manner of speaking was different, both men were more worried about Lucia. Lucia looked at them and smiled sweetly. She decided to be at ease and enjoy the merry New Year party to the fullest extent.

The carriage stopped in front of the hall to the Outer Palace and the door opened from outside. Damian came out of the carriage first and watched his father follow behind him, escorting his mother down. A quick glance around showed him that carriages were already parked here and there, and that a line of carriages were just entering. As he looked at the blindingly bright lights coming from the party hall, Damian’s heart began to beat a little faster. Even though he was completely unbothered just a little while ago, it wasn’t because he felt nothing but because it hadn’t felt real yet.

“Let’s go in.”

“Yes, mother.”

Damian sucked in a breath as he entered the party hall alongside his parents. It was his first time seeing so many people in extravagant costumes gathered together.

The moment when all their eyes were simultaneously drawn to him and his parents was mind numbing. He thought he was already used to people’s gazes but there was something different from the gazes in the north and the academy.

It was strange. There was neither malice nor goodwill. They were definitely surprised by Damian’s presence but none of them outrightly showed such feelings. Damian faintly came to a realization. There were people who were well-versed in controlling their emotions and the high society was a place where such people were gathered.

Hugo called a servant and asked.

“Where is His Majesty?”

“Yet to arrive.”

Hugo then suggested to his wife:

“Shall we eat something simple first?”

“That sounds good. We won’t have time for that later.”

When Lucia discovered the familiar face approaching them, she happily greeted him.

“Oh my. Chris.”

Damian quirked a brow when he saw a face he was very familiar with, Chris, approaching and dragging along the two boys whose faces he was definitely not happy to see.

* * *

The New Year party held in the Outer Palace hall had started late in the afternoon and by the evening, it was practically crawling with people. The noble children who had expectably debuted into the social circle at this year’s New Year party, were going around greeting people with their parents.

‘I was once like that too.’

Chris got sentimental watching all the inexperienced little kids, even though he was in that spot just a year ago. The New Year party was one of the large-scale parties held by the royal family so the young boys and girls making their debut, were mesmerized by the splendor. Even if they tried to act calm, their flushed cheeks were filled with excitement, exposing their nervousness.

‘The way they’re walking is so stiff. I wasn’t that bad.’

Watching his juniors who were obviously just debuting, Chris patted himself on the back with groundless praise. When he saw a servant passing by with a tray full of cocktails, his eyes grew round. He stealthily looked around then quickly picked up a glass of cocktail. The translucent pink drink looked way too appetizing.

“I finally found you. Where have you been?”

“Elder brother...”

Chris froze with the glass of cocktail in hand. Although he was prepared to get chewed out, his brother, Raven, merely frowned slightly upon seeing the cocktail and said, ‘Father is looking for you’, then he turned around. Chris followed after him and quickly finished the cocktail in one gulp. Then he grimaced at the unexpectedly strange taste and the sudden wave of tipsiness that hit him.

Going around and greeting people with his father and brother was really boring. Chris’ expression imperceptibly showed his unwillingness.

‘I understand that my brother will inherit the mantle of Marquis in the future so he has to do this, but why do I have to do this too?’

Although he bowed his head as he was told, his mind had flown elsewhere. He glanced at the entrance at intervals, checking to see when Damian would arrive.

‘Oh, it’s those guys.’

He found familiar faces. The ash-haired boy and the brown-haired boy. They always went around together at the academy and even here, they were together too. They weren’t alone but were mixed with several of their peers, both male and female, forming a group. A mischievous smile slowly crept onto Chris’ face.

“Elder brother. I’m going to go, I have something else to do. You can take care of the rest.”

“Chris!”

Raven sighed as he watched Chris disappear into the crowd. He recalled the conversation he had had with his father not too long ago, when his father returned from the palace after receiving the King’s summon.

[You will be presented your title at the New Year party, so keep that in mind.]

[Didn’t you say you would apply for my title later?]

[I don’t know if I should say that it is because of your brother or thanks to your brother.]

When Kwiz was looking into giving Chris a title, he realized that the Marquis’ heir and eldest son had not received a title yet. So he called the Marquis, explained the situation, and said that since the order was wrong, both sons of the Marquis could receive titles.

[I’m sure you have already heard of the Duke of Taran’s extramarital son. You see, Taran Gong is quite protective of this son of his. His son will soon be debuting in the social circle and it seems Taran Gong wants to give his son a title as a present. Now, Taran Gong’s son made a friend at the academy, but this friend happens to be your second son. And it seems the Duke of Taran is very satisfied with his son’s friend, so he requested a title for him too. It is a tax-exempted title, so you don’t have to worry about that issue. Now, what do you think? Would it be fine for this king to put aside your first son and only give your second son a title?]

The Marquis had no choice but to reply that he would accept both titles.

Chris’ father, Marquis Philip, had sent Chris to the Academy because Chris wasn’t particularly talented in anything nor was he interested in dating anyone. All he did was play with his younger brother every day, causing the Marquis to worry for his future. However, Chris had made a connection that his father had never expected him to make. It was always this way. Even though Chris handled everything without much serious thought, he always got good results.

Chris and Raven had completely different personalities and they weren’t very close brothers. Raven didn’t hate his brother, but he usually couldn’t understand what was going on in his brother’s head. But honestly, sometimes, he was jealous of his brother’s manner of going with the flow.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.11 - DAMIAN(11)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(11)

T/N: Maybe I should have translated Marquis Philip as Marquis Philippe instead. Since we already have a Philip haha.

The faces of the ash-haired boy and the brown-haired boy fell when they saw Chris approaching. The ash-haired boy, Henry, was the second son of a Count and the brown-haired boy, Steve, was the third son of a Marquis. They had fought with Chris not too long ago, so they didn’t want to have to go out of their way to greet each other.

Steve held a huge grudge against Chris. Although it had been refreshing to watch the arrogant Damian get suspended, Steve had been disgraced at the disciplinary hearing before the punishment was handed down.

Actually, Damian had been quiet but Chris had actively tried to defend Damian, testifying to the number of times that Steve and Henry had come to look for Damian’s trouble.

Steve believed that Damian had tattle to Chris, who was volunteering every detail.

Steve’s elder brother was a member of the Council in charge of their first disciplinary hearing. Thanks to that, Steve and Henry were able to receive light punishments. And later on, Steve was called out separately by his brother and criticized heartlessly.

[I am not asking a lot from you. I only ask that you do not disgrace our family, is that so difficult? What kind of low-grade act is this? You’re not even a child. I am scolding you because my face is heated from embarrassment.]

He was very displeased because Steve had chosen a cheap method like that of a vulgar street rat, not because Steve had harassed Damian. Steve was sick of his elder brother acting every time like he was trying to teach his pathetic little brother. His elder brother wasn’t even that much older than himself. But because his brother had helped him, he couldn’t reply back and could only hang his head while his face burned.

“Been a while.” (Chris)

“...It has been a while, Sir. Philip.” (Steve)

Steve sourly accepted the greeting. He didn’t want to greet Chris but ignoring someone who had greeted you first was an immature, undignified behavior, so he was forced to act polite.

Chris chuckled inside. The reason he rarely ever hung out with other noble children was because he didn’t like their pretentious imitation of adults. Once they made their debut in the social circle, they only talked to each other with honorifics, never addressed each other by their actual names and made sure to always add the title ‘Sir’ to their family names.

Only knights or title-holding nobles could use the address ‘Sir’ in an official occasion, but among the nobles, there was a fixed practice of adding ‘Sir’ to the family name when they referred to each other.

But it was too much for children who were not even of adult age to be calling each other ‘Sir/Lady’. The adults referred to children who hadn’t yet come of age as ‘Mr./Miss’, even if they had debuted into high society.[1] Therefore, it was more reasonable for the kids to call him ‘Mr Philip’, than ‘Sir Philip’.

Chris swept a glance over the gathered group. There were faces he recognized and faces he didn’t. They were likely all children from families ranked Count and beyond. Chris didn’t like this sort of thing either. The kids were already only hanging around with people who matched their standards.

Chris thought the privilege of being young was the freedom to get along with all sorts of people and not care about status. Just because your father was a Count, didn’t mean that all of your father’s children would become Counts. Non-successors were not likely to get titles and there was no guarantee that a Count’s daughter would become a Countess.

When Chris was around ten-years-old, his mother was pregnant with his younger brother and suffered from severe depression. Due to this, the atmosphere at home was dark and the busy Marquis didn’t have time to take care of his young son. So he left Chris with his grandparents for a year.

Chris’ grandfather was a Count, but it would be more accurate to call him a wealthy merchant that headed many businesses. Chris followed his grandfather to journey across many national borders. He saw and experienced so many things and realized that the world was vast. It became an important opportunity that shaped Chris’ values.

“If you go by Sir Philip then...are you the esteemed son of Marquis Philip?”

The young ladies showed a great deal of interest in Chris. Since he was a Marquis’ son, even if he wasn’t the successor, he would at least be titled a Count, so if they were looking to be a Countess in the future, conquering Chris was a good method.

Chris politely greeted the lady as he had been taught, even though he could completely see through her.

“That is correct, Lady...”

“Winsor. Audrey Winsor. Count Winsor is my father.”

“Lady Winsor. I am glad to meet my academy classmates at such an occasion and I have something urgent to talk to my classmates about, so can you forgive me for having to put off our greetings for later?”

“Oh my. You are attending the Academy too. As a matter of fact, I was just listening to stories about the academy. I will gladly excuse myself and allow you gentlemen to discuss in-depth.”

Although not a queen bee yet, Lady Winsor seemed to be the leader of the flock, so when she turned around, the other young ladies followed too.

‘Male or female, adult or child, they’re all the same.’

Chris didn’t understand why people liked to hang around in big groups. They weren’t gathered together because they were truly friends, but more like they were coasting along. When many people gathered together, some people would stand out and some people would be excluded.

Just because he was the son of a Marquis, Chris would never be excluded, even if he didn’t say a single thing. Because he didn’t like such shallowness, Chris gradually went less and less to gatherings with his peers. Perhaps, that might be the reason he kept getting interested in Damian, who always moved around the Academy by himself.

“What is the meaning of this?”

Steve’s tone denoted his unhappiness with Chris’ rude actions of doing whatever he wanted and sending all the girls away.

Chris found it ridiculous for someone like Steve to be acting like a gentleman when he had just been involved in a dog fight on the academy’s campus a month ago. Chris gave a lopsided grin.

“So, stories about the academy, huh? Did you tell them about how you rolled and fought on the floor? I bet it would be a very interesting tale.”

Anyone could tell from Chris’ provoking tone that he was trying to pick a fight. Those who didn’t want to get unnecessarily involved in a fight between two Marquis’ sons quietly slipped away. The gathered group dispersed, and the only people left were Chris and Steve who stood opposite of each other, and Henry who stood behind Steve.

Steve’s clenched fists trembled.

“What in the world are you doing?”

Steve didn’t want to have a particularly bad relationship with Chris, a Marquis’ son. He considered Chris to be one of the few people on the same level as him. Steve couldn’t understand why Chris would take the side of a guy with no background at the academy.

“Are you aware that you are a huge coward? But then again, if you were aware, you wouldn’t do such a thing. You started the fight and then dumped the blame on the victim. If you are already doing such a despicable thing, you can’t be the good adult with refined speech that you’re trying so hard to imitate.”

Chris turned to look at Henry.

“Same goes for you too. Let’s act with dignity in the future. OK?”

Henry got angry and came forward.

“Who are you calling a victim? That low-born guy started punching people, not knowing his place. He even made the beast he was carrying run amok. Don’t disrupt order with your ridiculous sympathy.”

Ha. Ha. Ha. Chris gave short exaggerated laughs. Then while massaging his temple with his hand, he deliberately mumbled in a serious manner.

“It’s my mistake for having too much useless sympathy. How can you guys understand the generousness of my heart in doing what I can to aid those pitiful guys?”

Seeing the two boys looking at him like he was crazy, Chris smiled craftily like he was cooking up a scheme.

“You two. Do you know who you provoked?”

At that moment, people began to stir. The gaze of the crowd gathered at one spot and the children who were fascinatedly watching the Marquis sons bicker, got curious and flocked over. Chris felt like he knew why people were acting like this. He threw his arms around the shoulders of both boys and hooked it around their neck so they couldn’t escape.

“What are you doing!”

“Let go!”

“Now, now. Come with me. I’ll show you something good.”

It wasn’t that Chris was so strong that the two boys couldn’t shake him off. They were afraid that if they forcefully shook him off, it would draw people’s attention and look like they were fighting, so they had no choice but to follow along. Chris was able to easily drag the two boys because they took appearance and honor so seriously. Chris squeezed and pushed through the crowd and took the two of them to the front.

And just as Chris expected, the talks of the town had appeared. The ducal couple of Taran and Damian. Chris was certain that Damian’s appearance would cause a stir in the social circle. The ducal couple of Taran simply accompanying someone would become a hot topic, talk less of them accompanying a boy who looked like the Duke of Taran. The appearance of the boy was a shock itself.

‘Although, I doubt people are as shocked as these two guys right here.’

With his hands still on the shoulders of the two boys, Chris alternated gazes at both sides. The both of them had gone white and they looked like they had lost their soul. They were stiff like a frog when it meets a snake. Seeing Steve and Henry enveloped in shock and horror, Chris decided to play with them a little more. Dragging them by neck, he approached the Ducal family of Taran.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] English doesn’t have that many respectful titles, so I had to make do. Here, Miss doesn’t have a male equivalent, so we’re stuck with Mr. I might have translated it as Lord/Lady but we’ve been using ‘sir’ so far, no need to change it now.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 1.12 - DAMIAN(12)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAMIAN(12)

“Oh my, Chris.”

The duchess smiled brightly and greeted Chris happily. When their eyes met, Damian used his eyes to ask Chris what he was doing. Chris smiled mischievously in response. Then when he faced the Duchess, he wore a polite look on his face.

“Chris. It saddens me to not have seen you for a few days now. Will you come to hang out again from tomorrow?”

Since the day Chris was forcefully invited to the Ducal residence, he had been visiting frequently. He even brought his younger brother, Jude. He stayed from morning till night, ate snacks, lunch, took naps, read a book; basically, he enjoyed himself like it was his own house. The only thing he declined was the Duchess’ proposal to have dinner before he left. He wanted to avoid eating with the Duke of Taran.

Visiting someone else’s house a few days before the New Year wasn’t good etiquette, so he stopped visiting to avoid acting out of line.

Lucia liked Chris’s friendliness. He seemed like he would be a good friend and a great balance to Damian’s stiff personality. She also liked his shamelessness in happily visiting the ducal residence without reserve.

“Yes. I will gladly come to visit if you invite me.” (Chris)

For the few days that they didn’t go to the ducal residence, his little brother, Jude, kept whining, asking when they were going to see the princess again. Jude called the Duke of Taran’s little daughter, ‘princess’. When Chris asked him why he referred to her like that, the little boy fidgeted and replied:

[She’s pretty.]

Chris was dumbfounded. The little brat had a good eye.

“There’s no need for an invitation. You are always welcome. By the way, who are these two gentlemen?”

Chris held the shoulders of the two boys firmer. He giggled inside as he felt them trying not to stagger.

“They are classmates from the Academy.”

Steve and Henry stated their names and greeted the ducal couple. Lucia figured they were probably nervous, so she accepted their stiff expressions.

“Damian, are they your friends?”

When Damian’s indifferent gaze swept over the two boys, their clear faces darkened. Damian glance at Chris, who was grinning with satisfaction, and he secretly smiled. Chris had kept grinding his teeth over the suspension incident and it looked like he couldn’t stop himself from playing a trick on the two boys. Damian decided to play along with Chris.

“They...”

Damian drew out the end of his sentence and observed the paling expressions of the two guys.

“...are not my friends, mother.”

‘Mother’. This was practically killing them and making sure they were dead. The arrogant guy who didn’t know his place was in fact, the Duke’s son. They already had a bad feeling when Chris talked with the Duchess in a friendly manner and revealed that he had been visiting the Ducal residence without reserve. Steve and Henry really felt like dissipating on the spot.

Damian didn’t plan on torturing or taking the two boys to task for something that had happened in the past. If they kept acting up in the future, he would definitely crush them but that hadn’t happened yet. To the two boy who didn’t know what he was thinking, it sounded like a declaration of war.

“And I don’t think they will be in the future.”

From Damian’s answer, Lucia sensed that their relationship was not very good, so she stopped being interested any further.

“Chris, where are your parents? My husband and I have already met them, but Damian should officially say hello.”

Chris let the two boys go and joined the ducal family. As Steve and Henry watched them get farther away, their legs trembled, and they sank to their knees. Their knees touched the floor and they supported themselves with their hands. The only comfort was that most people were focused on the ducal family of Taran, so they didn’t pay much attention to the unseemly sight of the two boys.

* * *

The Duke of Taran couple and the Marquis of Philip couple greeted each other, then they moved to a separate room and had a light meal together. The Marchioness was very thrilled to learn that her son had a connection with the Duke of Taran’s son, so she was excited throughout the meal. Chris felt embarrassed because of his mother’s overreaction and grumbled to himself.

After the meal, Damian stayed with his parents and greeted the nobles that came up to them endlessly. Around when all the faces were starting to blur together, the King made his entrance. Damian was finally able to take a breath. The chamberlain faced the party guest and spoke loudly.

“His Royal Majesty has arrived.”

People lowered their clamoring voices and stepped aside, making a path for the King to come in. Kwiz was donned in white robes with a crown on his head and golden mantle draped over him, revealing the majesty of a king. This was an appearance that was only seen on the King when it was an important and official occasion. The crowd hasn’t heard of anything beforehand, so they began to stir.

“I look forward to endless jubilation in Xenon’s future as we face the glorious first day of the New year.”

The King gave a short speech to his attentive aristocratic audience.

“I am pleased to have the opportunity to borrow today’s occasion to present to you all, the excellent pillars of our nation.”

When the King stopped speaking, the chamberlain unfurled the scroll in his hand that was covered in red silk, then he spoke sonorously in a loud voice.

“Damian, son of Taran. Raven, son of Philip. Chris, son of Philip. Come forward and accept the honor bestowed onto you by His Majesty.”

Chris nodded his head when Damian’s name was called and when he heard his brother’s name, he was a little surprised, but when he heard his own name, his eyes widened. He blankly watched his brother and Damian walk forward then he felt someone hit his back and turned around. His father was frowning and scolded him, ‘what are you doing, not going out there?’

“Huh? F...Father. Why...”

“Hurry up and go!”

The Marquis clicked his tongue as he watched Chris go forward hesitantly.

‘That boy. He didn’t know?’

The Marquis thought that his eldest son had already told Chris while Raven thought that his father had already told Chris. In other words, Chris had absolutely no idea that he would be receiving a title today.

Chris’ soul flew away as he stood, suspended with a red mantle over his shoulder and a silver emblem on his collar, symbolizing his title as Count. He didn’t know what senses he had used to finish the ceremony.

Every noble learned the ceremonial procedure for receiving titles or medals because it was mandatory. Chris was able to subconsciously react thanks to this rooted memory, but he didn’t remember anything he had done. He could only guess that he hadn’t made any mistakes since his father didn’t have a fierce expression.

“...Have I really become ‘Sir. Philip’...”

He had gained the official qualification to become Sir. Philip instead of Mr. Philip.

‘What’s with this count title.’

He had received a Count title alongside his brother. He had never seen such a case before.

“Chris.”

Damian patted the shoulder of his completely distracted friend.

“Are you even listening? Our parents just arranged to have dinner tomorrow evening at your house.”

“...What?”

Light came back to Chris’ eyes.

“We’ll be eating with our parents? It’s not just our parents together?”

The awkwardness during the meal some time ago had been very unbearable for him, so what was this talk about invitation! He could already see a vivid image of his mother turning the house upside down to clean it from tomorrow morning.

“Of course, you and I will be there too.” (Damian)

“...Ah. Indigestion again.” (Chris)

“If you don’t have digestive medicine at home, I’ll bring some for you.”

Chris mumbled gloomily.

“...I’m so thankful I could cry.”

All Chris knew was that he was envious of his friend’s sturdy stomach.

[End of sidestory: Damian]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 2.1 - IN ANOTHER FUTURE―HUGO(1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

IN ANOTHER FUTURE―HUGO(1)

T/N: There are only 2 parts for this one.

The torches that brightened up the darkness like day, cast a darker despair than the cover of the night. The chaotic scene was tidied up in the blink of an eye, and the household of the Count was bounded and lined up. The dozens of servants in the house were gathered in one place while the soldiers stood guard.

The servants hugged each other and wept soundlessly. Their chances of survival were slim. They were fated to share their life and death with their master who had committed the crime of plotting treason.

The sound of a group of people approaching could be heard. The thudding sounds of their footsteps were like signals leading to death. The soldiers straightened up tensely, along with the knight who was conducting them. The man approaching the criminals was accompanied by dozens of knights and his hair was so dark that it melted into the night.

“Status report.”

The conductor at the scene took a disciplined step forward before opening his mouth.

“All but two members of the traitor’s household have been captured.”

“Two?”

The tone of the voice asking was fierce. The knight flinched and quickly added.

“The traitor’s third son was confirmed to be currently enrolled at the Academy and immediately after confirmation, an arrest unit departed for Ixium. We expect to hear from them by tomorrow morning. But only the whereabouts of the traitor’s wife is unknown.”

The man listening to the report raised a brow.

“And her maid’s testimony?”

“Neither the family members nor the servants closely serving her have any idea. We are currently combing through the mansion repeatedly. I have also sent people to look outside the mansion.”

“What is the possibility she has already left the mansion?”

“The maid testified she had last served the traitor’s wife late in the evening. No one among the servants are missing.”

It was hard to believe that a noblewoman had escaped alone into the dark without anyone helping her.

“She might have been hidden away because she was carrying the traitor’s seed. Look into that.”

“Yes, sir.”

“If she is in the mansion, then she is hiding somewhere. Which means there is a secret compartment in this place. Dean, pick out a few men with good eyes.”

“Yes, my lord.”

“I am innocent! There must be a mistake!”

Hugo’s indifferent gaze turned to the direction the sound came from.

“Please let me see His Majesty!”

The chubby man kneeling on the floor with his hands tied behind his back had a silhouette like that of a pig. Just like he looked, the sound of his screams were unpleasant to hear.

The Count of Matin. If Hugo had not been told by his subordinates on his way here, he would not have known who this house belonged to. This man was the most insignificant game among the targets Hugo had hunted until dawn. Perhaps the man was falsely accused like he claimed, but Hugo didn’t care. The mere fact that he was a subject of suspicion and got on his hunting list was a crime.

After taking a brief glance, Hugo coldly turned around and headed into the mansion. The annoying cries grew louder, then after a scream, it became silent. An eerie chill enveloped the surroundings like a fog.

As Hugo stepped into the mansion, a corner of his lips went up slightly. He didn’t think there was a day that suited his life more than tonight.

The office of Count Matin was already a mess from being turned upside down. But Hugo could see a few documents that were neatly arranged on the desk. Hugo skimmed through the documents with a bored look on his face. He didn’t expect anything important to come out of here from the beginning.

After a while, the knight came in and reported:

“I have confirmed that it is unlikely for the traitor’s wife to be pregnant with a child. According to her maid, she is infertile and incapable of having children. For further verification, I have sent someone to bring over the doctor that visited here.”

“There’s no family doctor?”

“There is apparently not one because of the cost of employment.”

The life of one doctor was saved thanks to Count Matin’s stingy nature.

“When the woman is found, execute her with all the traitors. I will report it to His Majesty separately.”

There were a few more places they had to stop by and clean up. There was no more time to delay here. Leaving the finishing up to his subordinates, Hugo left the Count residence that would soon become a haunted house.

No one would want to buy a house where the former residing family committed treason and dozens of people died in the courtyard. Even if it continued to be empty and grew old and hideous, it would take at least 10 years before it was torn down and a new house built in its place.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 2.2 - IN ANOTHER FUTURE―HUGO(2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

IN ANOTHER FUTURE―HUGO(2)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

The clean-up of the Count of Matin, a supposed ‘small fry’ was moving at a snail’s pace. The traitor’s third son who was attending school at the Academy had luckily escaped to another country and the traitor’s wife had still not been found for three days. Thanks to this, the lives of the traitors was extended by several days and because leaving them at the count’s residence while monitoring them was a waste of manpower, they were all taken to prison.

On the fourth day, Hugo got a report from Dean stating that he had found a device that led to a secret area.

“Have you gone in?”

“I have not checked inside as you ordered, my lord.”

As a day passed, then two, then three, Hugo became curious about the woman who had hidden herself so deeply. She had definitely not left the mansion. Currently, security in the capital was water-tight and anyone suspicious would definitely standout. Since she had no one helping her, a noblewoman who had lived an easy life, would not be able to hide without leaving any trace. Therefore, Hugo figured that there was a secret location in the mansion and that she was hiding there. He told his subordinates that if such a place was found, they should immediately report it to him instead of combing through it.

He took only a few knights with him and went to the deserted house of Count of Matin. As Hugo watched Dean manipulated the device to reveal the darkness behind, his red eyes narrowed slightly. A knight lit his torch, cutting through the darkness.

Hugo looked around with interest. The expertly-made secret area was impressive. After descending for a while, they reached a chamber with dimly lit walls. Upon finding the shadow of a person lying in the corner, Hugo’s footsteps came to a stop.

He stopped his knights behind him, grabbed a torch and approached the shadow. There was no movement from the woman who was lying down, with her body curled up. Hugo lifted the torch higher to illuminate the surroundings. The temporary bed that the woman lay on was made of several layers of blankets and the surrounding leather sacks were filled with dry food. He also saw a bundle of clothes.

‘I suppose it’s a prepared shelter.’

The Count of Matin’s family did not know about the existence of this place. It was clear that the woman had prepared all of this by herself. It wasn’t possible that she knew about the Count’s household extermination beforehand. So why? Hugo’s red eyes gazed down at the soundly sleeping figure of the woman.

‘Interesting.’

The woman’s struggle was intriguing. Hugo couldn’t understand the woman’s passion for life. This was boring and tedious world. If the woman had a child then he could see why, but both the maid that served her and the doctor in charge of her treatments said that she was infertile.

[She is definitely infertile. Even if she were not infertile, her husband has been incapable of having children for a few years now.]

Without even being asked, the doctor spoke about Count Matin’s sexual dysfunction. It was as if the doctor thought that proving the Countess’ infertility would save the Countess’ life. It was never a good thing to get involved with someone who had been caught up in a plot of treason, but the doctor looked to be more worried about the Countess’ situation than being afraid.

It felt like a contradiction for a woman who was supported by the people around her to have found a route to escape alone, abandoning her husband and children, even if the children weren’t actually her own. Was the life of a woman who chose the lifelong status of a fugitive worth being so obsessed about?

Hugo searched through his memories, checking to see if he remembered a woman called the Countess of Matin. He had a good memory, but he couldn’t remember people he didn’t have an impression of, or simply passed by without talking to. He had no memory of the Countess of Matin.

Hugo turned away from the woman.

When their lord began to climb up the stairs without saying anything, the knights followed silently as well. After they had fully exited the secret space, Hugo ordered:

“You have not seen anything today.”

The knight simply accepted without asking questions.

“Get a female body, put some noble clothes on it and throw it in the woods. The hair color should at least be similar.”

Hugo felt somewhat merciful and decided to save a member of the traitor’s family, giving her a chance to escape. It was on a whim, but he, himself, didn’t know why. Since she wanted to live so much, why not let her try. A noblewoman that had enjoyed a nice and easy life; how long could she endure? There was some cynicism mixed within.

“However, don’t slack on tracking down that damn third son.”

He could allow an infertile, childless, traitor woman to live, but a child was impossible. His usual belief was to never leave an ember behind.

The next day, all members of the Count Matin household were executed.

* * *

About a month later, Hugo attended an event where the king intimidated the nobles, calling it a party as a pretext, then sometime after midnight, he was on his way home. As he was passing by a noble’s mansion, he saw a shadow through the window and suddenly got curious.

‘That woman. She must have escaped, right?’

He had his carriage change directions to the Count of Matin’s residence. The Count’s residence was now a bleak sight and it only got gloomier as the day grew darker. Hugo manipulated the device, opening up the secret space and headed down. Sensing the presence of several people, the small creatures scuttling around quickly scattered in the dark. When he lit the torch and looked around, there was no person in sight, only rats.

Although he had already guessed that she would be gone, Hugo felt empty for some reason. He slowly looked around and found traces showing that someone had been here until just a few days ago.

‘She stayed in this place for over a month?’

He admired her extreme patience and tenacity. He didn’t expect such attributes from a Countess who was formerly a Princess. He couldn’t help but wonder what in the world had given her so much sustainment. Was it simply just the wish to live?

“There should be a passage out of here. Find it.”

The knights scoured the surroundings, then they manipulated a device and found a dark passage. Hugo and his knights walked along the narrow path of the tunnel for quite some time. When they finally got to the other side, one of his knights said that they were at a public cemetery at the outskirts of the capital.

The light in the sky was dim. As it was a cemetery, the area was completely void of people, not even shadows could be found. Hugo stared at the morning sun which was shining light on the graveyard.

“Do we track?” (?)

“...No need.” (Hugo)

This was the result of his useless curiosity. Hugo decided to stop here in doing things that were unlike himself. No matter how the woman lived after this, it was a matter that had left his hands.

His carriage was at the Count’s residence. Rather than waiting for one of his knights to bring a vehicle for him to ride, he decided to use the passage and go back. Hugo turned around, about to go into the passage entrance, but then he halted and bent down. He cleared away a pile of rubble and a small wooden jewelry box, usually used by noblewomen, was revealed underneath. He took off the cover and chuckled. The rings and necklaces heaped inside the box didn’t seem like very expensive items.

‘Must be an escape fund. So she hid all her trinkets here instead of carrying it on her body. Clever judgement.’

As he was about to cover it again, Hugo’s gaze fell on his left chest collar. There was brooch pinned to the collar of his tailcoat. It was in the shape of a lion’s head exquisitely crafted from silver and had two small red jewels embedded on it. It was an ornament that represented the lord of the Ducal House of Taran.

Hugo tore off the brooch from his chest. It was more valuable than several of the rings in the jewelry box. He threw it into the box without any hesitation, covered up the box, put it back where it originally was and even piled up the stones like before.

Hugo stayed squatting like that for a very short while. He shook off his thoughts, feeling strange and rose to his feet. Then he unhesitatingly began to walk into the dark tunnel. His knights immediately followed after him. Their figures quickly disappeared into the darkness.

Three years later, Hugo received a report that Bruno Matin, the third son of the traitor was caught and executed on the spot. The third son of Count Matin, who had been evading the tracking unit with his sudden appearance and disappearances was a hot topic in the social circle for a considerable amount of time, but as time passed, people’s attention turned elsewhere. And so, Bruno Matin’s death was quietly buried.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.1 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(1)

Edited by: ShadowDog

The King came to the Queen’s Palace without sending any message in advance. When he appeared, Beth was in the middle of a conversation with a noblewoman that she had invited. The noblewoman couldn’t blame person that had suddenly disrupted them and had to rise in the middle of their discussion to leave.

Beth wondered why the King abruptly intruded into her palace. It was hardly possible for the king not to know that the time when she met with the noblewomen was in its own way, an important part of her itinerary as Queen.

“What might be the matter, Your Majesty?”

“This king got stood up.”

Kwiz plopped down on the sofa with a peeved expression on his face.

“Sorry?”

“This king is the only one in the world that can stand someone up. Yesterday, Selena definitely promised to have lunch with me today.”

Kwiz was really looking forward to the lunch appointment with his lovely daughter whom he wouldn’t trade for all the treasures in the world. Even when it went past the appointment time, he gratifyingly thought that she was running late because she was a young lady and had to prepare. But even after waiting for a good while, there was no news. He got concerned and sent a servant to check but the servant returned with a hollow answer. Princess Selena had already gone out in the morning, so she wasn’t around.

Kwiz was terribly hurt by his daughter’s betrayal. It seems like just yesterday when she was clinging to him and crying ‘Royal Father’ and he couldn’t believe that she’d already found other things more interesting than her parent’s embrace.

In Xenon, there were two men who showed off their unstoppable love for their daughters. One of them was Beth’s husband and the sovereign of this country, and the other was the Duke of Taran, a man who held power second only to the king.

Beth recalled the ridiculous matter that happened because of the highest authorities in the country. It was called the dollhouse case.

Kwiz custom-made a dollhouse with a cutely decorated bedroom for his daughter. Selena took that dollhouse to the ducal residence and boasted about it to her friend. Evangeline was very envious and waited for her father who was returning home late that day.

Hugo was moved to see his daughter came out to meet him with sleepiness in her eyes.

[Father. I want a dollhouse too.]

When Evangeline rubbed her head in his chest and whined, Hugo felt very regretful that he couldn’t put a dollhouse in front of his daughter right now. And the very next day, he found a constructor and began production for the dollhouse immediately.

My daughter should have the best in the world!

A larger, fancier dollhouse with a living room inside a bedroom, became Evangeline’s. Selena, who visited the ducal residence, was shocked to see her friend with a better dollhouse and ran to Kwiz.

[Royal father. Eve has a better dollhouse.]

Who will make the nicer, more fabulous, more expensive dollhouse?

Beth and Lucia watched, completely dumbfounded at the two men who were competing with each other over something immature.

It went past the standard of being a toy and crossed into the territory of artworks. They chiseled a small bathtub out of marble, called a watchmaker to make a miniature clock to hang inside the dollhouse, commission a famous painter for a painting to hang on the wall of the dollhouse, and even got adopted equipment facilities for the small bathtub to receive water.

After almost six months, the dollhouses were completed, and the two men came to a mutual agreement and set up an objective judging panel to judge their work. They got the same score in the first round and chose a date for the second round. Their wives who had just been observing the situation came forward. It was a competition that had nothing to gain even if you won and would only hurt the feelings of whoever lost.

[It looks like we are both troubled by husbands who can’t act their age, Duchess.]

[I know what you mean, Your Highness.]

The two women comforted each other and forcefully concluded the fight by agreeing to donate the dollhouse to the showroom in the Outer Palace hall.

In fact, while the fathers were busy fighting over the dollhouse, their two daughters had already lost interest and were focused on other ways to entertain themselves.

The amazing competition that drew the attention of many people, fizzled out in the end without a winner. The two huge dollhouses, made in the form of a three-story estate mansion, became a specialty for foreign envoys to see at least once.

After the dollhouse incident, it became a trend for people to look at their youngest daughter and go, ‘our daughter is the cutest.’

“She’s at an age where she forgets promises she makes easily, even firm ones.” (Beth)

“She went to the Duke’s residence again, right?” (Kwiz)

“There’s no other place that Selena goes to.”

“It is troubling for the princess to form the habit of going out continuously from a young age. Why do you allow it, Queen?”

“It’s the Duke’s residence, I see no issue there.”

“Still, when you consider it, an esteemed young lady should be the one entering the palace. How can the princess be going out to meet an esteemed young lady?”[1]

Beth chuckled. Her husband wasn’t the type of person to be strict or nitpicky over such formality. He was grasping at straws.

“They are children. It’s not a matter that requires the pride of adults.”

“There’s also the issue of safety.”

“To be quite frank, the Duke’s residence would be safer than the palace.”

Kwiz couldn’t say anything to that. The guards around the Duke of Taran’s residence reminded him of an impenetrable fortress. Kwiz always wondered how heavily guarded the security was at the ducal residence. So last summer, he lightly made a bet with the Duke.

[Gong. This king is going to try to go through the guards at your residence. Will you take up this king’s challenge?]

[I never avoid a challenge.]

Kwiz also made a second bet with his adjutant. Naturally, he bet that he would succeed, and the adjutant had no choice but to bet on the remaining option.

The way the wager worked was: if the mansion’s intruders brought back a specific mark in the mansion’s garden, it was Kwiz’s win, and if the infiltration failed, it was Hugo’s win. The result was terrible. Kwiz was soundly defeated. Two out of three attempts, they couldn’t even get past the wall before being discovered, let alone acquiring the mark.

In exchange for the bet, Kwiz had to meet the Duke’s demand for another title and once again, he could not use a word chosen by his adjutant. So far, his bets with his adjutant have all been consecutive defeats.

The adjutant was overwhelmed with pride because Kwiz’s conduct had become more refined since he became king.

There were no doubts about the safety of the ducal residence, and so, Kwiz didn’t need to worry about Selena. Kwiz couldn’t think of anything else to nitpick on, so he sullenly shut his mouth.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] [Gongnyeo] vs [Gongju]: Gongnyeo is used to refer to a young woman with high status, Gongju is the formal title for princesses, i.e of royal family. Gongju Katherine = Princess Katherine. In a way, Gongnyeo can also mean princess but it isn’t a title. I didn’t want to use princess(because it overlaps) so I translated gongnyeo to esteemed young lady.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.2 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(2)

“Nowadays, Ethan is also going to the Duke’s residence with Selena.” (Beth)

“Ethan?”

Kwiz didn’t anticipate this unexpected news about his third son.

“Ethan is going to the Duke’s residence? Why?”

“The third son of Marquis Philip often visits the ducal residence and apparently, his age is very similar to Ethan’s. He seems very excited about making friends with his peers.”

“Hmm, the children have already reached the age where they are looking for friends more than their parents.”

Although it was said that children only listened when they were young, Kwiz wasn’t yet ready to let Selena out of his protection.[1] As her husband mumbled while looking discouraged, Beth said something even more shocking to him.

“The reason Selena keeps going to the ducal residence isn’t just because she enjoys playing with the Duke’s young daughter.”

“What are you talking about?”

“I’m talking about Selena.”

Beth couldn’t stop herself from smiling as she spoke.

“She fell for Sir. Taran.”

Kwiz didn’t understand the Queen’s meaning for a moment then his eyes gradually grew bigger and his gaze quivered with shock.

“...Sir. Taran? You mean, Count Taran, son of Duke Taran?”

When the Queen nodded, Kwiz slammed his hand on the table and jumped to his feet.

“What is this—?! Do you know how old Count Taran is right now?”

“When Selena is seventeen, Sir. Taran will be 27. Their age difference isn’t unsuitable.”

“...”

Kwiz sat back down. The difference between eight and eighteen felt like a huge gap but once you added 9 years to it, it changed into a commonly acceptable difference.

“...but still, what does an eight-year-old know?”

“Just like Your Majesty says, what does Selena know? It’s probably just curiosity and yearning in the same manner when she sees a pretty doll and indulges in it. However, Your Majesty. Girls grow up quickly. In five years’ time, that yearning will change to love.”

He hadn’t even released her from his protection yet. Kwiz had never thought about marrying off his daughter. She couldn’t live by his side forever. He knew that but when he realized that his daughter’s marriage might not be that far away, he felt like he had lost all the energy in his body.

“My Queen, you seem to be very pleased with Sir. Taran.”

“Oh, very much so. Sir. Taran’s succession seems to be set in stone and whether it is his personality, appearance or ability, there is nothing to complain about. Hasn’t Your Majesty also praised Sir. Taran frequently?”

“Well that...”

Even if you say he was named the youngest Count thanks to his father’s support, becoming the Academy’s youngest Shyta wasn’t something that could be achieved with backing alone.

‘Taran Gong is such a lucky devil, eh.’

In most cases, if the father was outstanding, the children’s capability was usually below their father’s. However, Taran Gong’s son seemed to have inherited his father’s capability but none of his father’s personality defects, so he was more perfect.

‘And he’s only a year older than the Crown Prince.’

Compared to Count Taran, the Crown Prince was very young and immature.

“Do you want Selena to be seated as the Duchess?” (Kwiz)

“I cannot say I do not want that. Seeing Taran Gong’s unchanging affection for the Duchess has made my heart lean towards them. Wouldn’t Sir. Taran love his wife like that as well, seeing as he grew up watching his parents in that manner? It is every mother’s wish for her daughter to be loved by her husband and live happily.”(Beth)

“...”

“Were you merely jesting when you asked Taran Gong about becoming in-laws?”

“When the Duchess was pregnant, I was honestly willing to pair Selena up with them if the Duchess had a boy.”

“Why didn’t you consider pairing our son with them if they had a girl?”

“My Queen. Can you imagine how much dowry one would have to give to bring in Taran Gong’s daughter? This king can’t handle that.”

Beth gave her husband a sidelong scowl as he changed realistically concerning their son’s issue.

“I made a slight mention of it to the Duchess in passing but I ended up withdrawing. She told me the Duke was disinclined to a union between cousins.”

“Cousins?”

Kwiz considered the meaning of that word for a while. Strictly speaking, since the Duchess was his half-sister, their children were cousins. However, Kwiz had never thought of putting it in that category. It wasn’t because Kwiz was stupid or daft, but because in the royal family, the concept of having relatives between descendants was rare, unless they were blood siblings.

In Xenon, there was a law forbidding the marriage of blood relations within the second cousin. However, for the royal family, that law was practically nullified. Whether it was for political reasons or for carnal reasons, a king had more than ten concubines and many more children than that. Kwiz having only a few concubines and no children from those concubines was quite a rare case.

The women who entered the back palace for political reasons were daughters of noble families. If they were all slapped with the title of ‘relatives’, their descendants would not be able to find a marriage partner in the future when they grow up.

Especially in the case of the late King, whose licentiousness was to an excessive degree, quite a number of noble families were relatives.

There would be a limited scope of political marriage partners for their level. Thus, intermarriage between royal descendants such as cousins was something that happened openly.

Moreover, Count Taran was not even the Duchess’ biological son. Of course, since he was entered into the family register, their mother-son relationship was acknowledged as no different from biological according to the law, but in a place where intermarriage occurred between blood-related cousins, what was so uncomfortable about a marriage between people who were only acknowledged as cousins by law? Kwiz figured this was just another way to spin the rejection.

“I don’t believe Your Majesty isn’t thinking about it at all. Consider an engagement between Selena and Sir. Taran.”

Kwiz fell into deep thought.

Becoming in-laws with the Duke of Taran. It wasn’t a bad idea. If that happened, the royal family would be in-laws with the two Duke Houses that held the highest power in the nations. When it came to building a strong relationship, there was no means more stable than blood.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] This is saying that means: Children tend to obey their parents when they are young but do as they wish when they grow up.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.3 - Side Story 3.3
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(3)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

Every three months, a joint conference was held by the king and it was attended by all the key figures in the nation’s leading administration. It was an important state conference with the largest number of personnel attending.

The attendants of the meeting began to arrive one at a time, from early in the morning, to participate. And as they entered the conference hall, they took at least one glance at the pair of handsomely tall young men standing some distance away.

The two of them were young men around twenty-odd years of age. They conversed briefly with each other while reading the documents they held in their hands. One of them had dark hair and the other, silvery blond hair, and when they stood side by side, the contrast of vibrant colors on their head was eye-catching.

A pair of red eyes quickly skimmed through the meeting files for today, then he spoke to the blue-eyed young man next to him:

“The contents are different from what I received a few days ago. Why has the agenda for today’s meeting changed so much?”

“Indeed. I should have double-checked it yesterday.”

A man in his mid-thirties was about to enter the conference hall when he discovered the two young men, so he turned and approached them. Damian and Bruno halted their conversation and bowed in greeting towards the man walking to them.

Robin’s eyes had a hint of wonder in them as he looked at the two young men who were stirring up all the young women in the high society recently. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that any party attended by these two youths would be crowded with ladies.

“Observing again today?”

“Yes, Your Excellency.”

After Duke Ramis passed away two years ago, his heir, Count Ramis, succeeded him. Robin, who became the new Duke of Ramis, took a different path from his father. Although his sharp political insights fell short compared to his father, he was recognized for successfully and smoothly establishing himself in politics with a gentle character.

“Why are you standing here instead of going in?” (Robin)

“When all the empty seats are filled, we’ll go in. I don’t think it’s appropriate to take a seat first when we’re just observing.”

Robin nodded, pleased with the answer the tall, dark-haired young man gave him. This merely 18-year-old youth didn’t show off his power, even though he held the honor of being the youngest Count and was the successor to the Duke of Taran, a man who held power second only to the King. Robin really like the young man’s prudence.

‘He looks so much like the Duke of Taran but he’s the complete opposite.’

There were people who were put off by the Duke of Taran’s powerful arrogance, which feared nothing in the world, but even those people were in favor of the next Duke who was both courteous and civil.

The platinum-haired youth that was always next to him, was also a desirable talent. He was rumored to have an extraordinary mind from a young age and as he got older, people said he was equipped with wisdom too. The Duke of Taran set his mind on the youth early on and even asked the king to grant him a title. Bruno was born the third son of a Count and currently, he was a Count alongside his elder brother, Count Matin.

Robin admired the Duke of Taran’s ability to recognize talent and marveled at the bold rewards he gave them for becoming his people.

“What interesting story might you discussing?”[1]

Marquis DeKhan slipped into conversation and greeted the three men, who were gathered together. The Marquis looked at the two youths, with a gaze just as pleased as the Duke of Ramis’. Perhaps because he had gotten older, whenever he saw young people with manners towards adults, he was very happy.

Since the next Duke lowered himself, other people had to do the same. The Marquis was very aware of the younger people suppressing their youthful feistiness and being careful with their attitudes. It was all thanks to Count Taran’s initiative.

“I remember Sir. Matin caused a huge incident not long ago.”

Bruno grimaced slightly, looking troubled. It was something that happened a week ago or so, but everyone he met brought up the same story.

“By ‘a big incident’, you mean...?”

“I suppose Ramis Gong hadn’t heard of it yet. Sir. Matin here, poured cocktail on a Count’s daughter’s head.”

“Oh no, that is quite the mistake.”

“It wasn’t a mistake though, so the social circle was abuzz. He poured it on her head deliberately and embarrassed her.”

No one had ever done such a thing in the social circle, where being courtesy to a lady was the virtue of a gentleman; even if they were a troublemaker. When the Marquis was told about the incident by his son, he had laughed for quite a while. He couldn’t remember the last time he had laughed till his stomach hurt.

When you met a lot of people in the social circles, it was inevitable to meet at least one woman who made you think, ‘what? such women exist?’. But you still had to endure it and be courteous with good manners. This was the etiquette they had learnt from as they grew up and they couldn’t do something that would bring criticism to their family name.

There were a lot of men who were extremely delighted to learn that Count Matin did something others hadn’t dared to do, and boldly at that. Robin was also momentarily surprised to hear this news, but his mouth twitched as he tried to suppress his laughter.

“People’s interest fade quickly, Sir. Matin. But you’ll still have to watch yourself for a while.”

“Yes, sir. I’ll be prudent.”

Ever since the incident, Bruno had refrained from going to gatherings, but honestly, it felt more like a reward than a punishment. The few days he had spent relaxing in the evening was more than satisfactory.

“I don’t think any consolation is necessary. This incident does Sir. Matin more good than harm.”

The Marquis had been watching the situation with interest because it was flowing in a different direction that he’d expected.

“At first, public opinion was mostly sympathizing with the Count’s daughter. But as time went by, the critical gazes on her began increase.”

“How come?”

“Well, because the two gentlemen who have stolen the hearts of all the ladies in the social circle, stopped going to parties. I hear the ladies’ resentment for the culprit, aka the Count’s daughter, is unspeakable.”

Since Bruno was under self-probation, Damian decided to put off outside itinerary for the time being. As the two of them disappeared from parties in the social circle, the number of party participants also dropped significantly. And it was practically only girls.

The number of attendants was a major factor that contributed to the success of a party. Especially for parties with a lot of ladies attending, the number of men that came was always proportional to the ladies. This event had led party organizers to realize the value of Bruno and Damian.

There were already a lot of invitations going to the two young men, but now, they were practically pouring in. Previously, the invitations to Damian were overwhelmingly more, but now it was almost the same. Bruno’s popularity had increased explosively. Now, when people said ‘Count Matin’, they were referring to Bruno, not Bruno’s elder brother who was the actual lord of the Matin family.

Bruno’s actions deserved to be criticized. However, the criticism of Bruno lost its power when Bruno went to apologize to the Count’s daughter personally and expressed that he was reflecting by not show himself even after a week went by, despite people expecting him to show up at parties like nothing had happened.

Bruno was a friend and close aide of Damian, who was no doubt going to succeed the Duke of Taran. In people’s eyes, Bruno’s future was promising. Even though he was young, he was in a position comparable to those with significant power.

Traits of humility in those in power was something that cultivated favorable impressions. As the favorable gazes towards Bruno increased, the people critical of him were careful with their words. No one wanted to provide a reason to become an enemy that could never build a relationship with future powers.

‘Why did he do that?’

Robin wanted to ask Bruno for the details of the incident, but he pushed down his urge. Asking about the situation would be gossiping about the Count’s daughter, and to the public, gossiping about a lady was an act more vulgar than dumping alcohol on one.

‘If it was someone else that did this, he would be buried in the social circle.’

But according to Marquis DeKhan, rather than being buried, Bruno was boasting unabated popularity. Robin had never understood Bruno’s popularity. He was surprised to hear that Bruno had poured alcohol on a lady’s head, but he wasn’t shocked. To him, it was something very possible for Bruno to do.

In the social circle, Bruno was originally famous for being rude to young ladies. To older noblewomen, he was courteous and well-mannered but to the ladies who approach him as women, it was common for him to spit out hard words and for the girl who were courageous enough to ask him to dance, he rejected them right to their face.

The older noblewomen called him a polite young man and were pleased, while the young ladies watched Bruno’s every move during parties and giggled happily amongst themselves.

Now, it wasn’t even a humiliation to be refused by Bruno for a dance. Bruno was known for not saying a lot but when he was rejecting a dance request, he spoke longer than usual so the girls who wanted to hear that, constantly asked him to dance. Thanks to that, Bruno was annoyed to death.

Robin simply couldn’t understand, so he asked his female relative, who had recently debuted, about the reason for his popularity.

[I mean, he’s rude to everyone fairly. Whether it’s a Marquis’ daughter or a Baron’s daughter, they’re the same to Sir. Matin. Do you know how cute Sir. Matin looks when he’s annoyed?]

As he watched his female relative cup her reddened cheeks with a dreamy expression, Robin thought to himself that he would never truly understand a woman’s mind.

While Robin was preoccupied with the secret that was Bruno’s popularity, Marquis DeKhan looked at Damian, covetously.

‘He will be such a perfect partner for Molly.’

Marquis DeKhan really desired Damian as his future son-in-law. His status as the next Duke was certainly part of it, but whether it was in his character or capability, there was no undesirable part. Compared to Damian, all other guys were dead wood.

His daughter, Molly, was thirteen years old. An age difference of five years was absolutely desirable. However, Molly had yet to make her social debut. There were a lot of individuals who drooled over having Damian as a future son-in-law. The Marquis was anxious about someone swooping in within the span of a few years, so he was considering pushing Molly’s social debut a little earlier.

The sight of the Duke of Ramis and Marquis DeKhan chatting amicably with the embarrassed young men at the side, attracted people’s gazes as they entered the conference hall, one after another. As they glanced over, repeatedly, their eyes were filled with the desire to be engaged in that conversation one way or another.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Not sure how to word this sentence. He’s asking what interesting thing they are talking about.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.4 - Happily Ever After
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(4)

Translated by: Miss Ruby

Edited by: ShadowDog

A group of people approached the conference hall from beyond the hallway. When the Duke of Taran, the Head of Central, appeared leading central officials, the atmosphere in the conference hall changed. The knights standing guard in front of the conference hall stood more upright and there was a strange tension in the air.

The Duke of Taran became a real authoritative power while he was serving as head of the central administration. As he entered his mid-thirties, his experience aged with him and his aura grew more dignified. But at the same time, his aura co-existed with a feeling of being ‘rough around the edges’.

Marquis DeKhan looked the Duke of Taran, whose figure was drawing closer and closer, then he looked at the Count of Taran. Their appearances were similar, but father and son had very different atmospheres.

The Duke of Taran was like a wild beast. There was violence, dormant in those red eyes of his, akin to a hunter looking carefreely at the prey around it, right after it had eaten its fill. It made you fear for when he might run in and rip out your throat.

On the other hand, his son grew up among people, so he was like a human friendly beast. It felt like he would at least give you a warning before he ran in and took a bite out of you.

As a matter of fact, if you looked at Damian separately, he was definitely not the easiest person to approach. His personality was cold, he was only appropriately courteous and set a defined distance with people so they couldn’t approach beyond that. However, compared to Hugo, there was room to take a step forward with Damian.

Those who wanted to lean on the Duke of Taran’s power went after his son, Count Taran, rather than the Duke himself. Unlike Hugo who ignored everything, Damian responded politely. But on a closer look, there was in fact no difference.

Whether it was Hugo or Damian, they were both the same in having no interest in people outside their own. The reason why Damian was polite to pathetic people he didn’t even want to bother with, was because there were times when his mother saw his effort and praised him because she was very pleased. Damian always tried his best not to act against his mother’s teachings.

Hugo went into the conference hall without as much as a glance at his son, who was standing in the hallway. Usually, whenever people witnessed the stiff distance between father and son or their rigid manner of speaking, they would admire the Duke of Taran for educating his successor well.

As Duke Ramis and Marquis DeKhan also went into the conference hall, the people in the hallway decreased and the two young men remained standing there.

“Everyone always brings up that story when they see me.”

Bruno grumbled. He kept hearing the same thing over and over again so he was annoyed to death. His expression was askew, with a hint of cynicism.

“Don’t do it again. This was the first time, so it passed over somehow but if you do it again, you’ll be branded as a scoundrel.”

“I know.”

Bruno was also aware that what he had done was not a minor mistake. But at the time, he couldn’t hold back.

It happened around the time he went to break room to avoid the dance requests that were surging despite his constant refusal. He heard some Count’s daughter yapping away about something; he couldn’t even remember her name.

[As you all know, there are almost no cases of an illegitimate child taking over a family. Who knows what will happen when the Duchess gives birth to a son.]

It was a widely known fact that Damian was not the Duchess’ biological son. When Damian first debuted in the social circle, it became a very hot topic.

When people gathered, they talked about the Duke of Taran’s successor. There were many who were uncomfortable with the Duke’s decision to have an illegitimate child succeed him. There were no reputable noble families who haven’t had illegitimate children enter the family register and it was a common headache to have an illegitimate child with superior capability earn the family head’s trust over the qualified heir.[1]

In Xenon, the position of illegitimate children was vague. Compared to other countries which didn’t even treat illegitimate children as human beings, Xenon was generous. There were no limits on the number of illegitimates that could be entered into the family register, and as long as the illegitimate child was in the register, they were treated as qualifiers.[2] What was funny however, was that in other countries, it wasn’t too uncommon to see an illegitimate child succeed the family.

However, Xenon was very conservative when it came to such matters. Even if their only descendant was an illegitimate child that was entered into the register, they would adopt a relative and have the relative inherit the family. Damian’s existence was a challenge to the deeply rooted custom in Xenon.

The uncomfortable looks that were sent to Damian lessened over time. The noblewomen were cautious because the Duchess’ tender affection for Damian remained unchanged while other people were careful with their words because they knew that the Duke did whatever he wanted to do, without caring what people said.

Around when a gentleman with a charming appearance like the Duke of Taran’s but polite manners different from the Duke, began to capture the hearts of the noble ladies, Damian became the Academy’s Shyta.

Initially, students of Ixium, were usually second sons of families and below. Successors were taught by specialized tutors then built their connections by going to meetings or social parties. However, that changed, and successors also began to attend Ixium.

Ixium’s reputation rose tremendously over the years as it became clear that the academy’s status would be a central figure in the power of each country in the future. People began to see the Damian who had become Shyta, as an individual with outstanding capabilities.

Now at this point, there was no one who clamored about Damian’s birth status. It became an unstated rule to not bring it up even if you knew. However, Bruno was disgusted with the Count’s daughter who arrogantly brought up such unsavory details as a topic of conversation. Right then, something surged inside him and he took a cocktail from the tray of the passing servant and emptied it on the girl’s head.

Bruno knew that Damian wouldn’t really care even if he heard such talk personally. His friend was an interesting guy who didn’t have the slightest gloom concerning the weakness of his birth status. But still, it wasn’t exactly something good to talk about so Bruno kept his mouth shut about why he did it.

“I just hate those girls who say whatever they want.” (Bruno)

“There you go again.”(Damian)

When Damian frowned, Bruno gave a half-hearted, ‘my bad’.

“I know you wouldn’t do it for no reason.” (Damian)

The Bruno that Damian knew might not be the most amicable of persons, but it wasn’t possible for him to do such a thing without reason, so Damian guessed that the Count’s daughter must have done something pretty rude.

“But my mother is right. You are in a position where you have to consider things more carefully.”

When the Duchess was brought up, Bruno’s sharp blue eyes grew warm.

“Mother is always right.”(Bruno).[3]

“That is true.”(Damian)

The two young men nodded at each other seriously while saying something that would make people laugh if they ever heard.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] I think I’ve explained this before, but a second time won’t hurt. The family register is basically an official document that states you are a member of a certain house. It also gives you rights not applicable to those not on the register. Rights to noble titles, rights to take over the family’s mantle, etc.

[2] Qualifier: qualified to succeed the title in your family.

[3] He says ‘mother’ not ‘your mother’. This is not a mistake.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.5 - Happily Ever After
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(5)

Lucia had not attended the party where Bruno poured cocktail on a lady’s head. She only heard about the incident after the fact, then she called Damian and Bruno, sat them down and talked to them.

“Bruno. I don’t think you did that for no reason. But I am worried because I hear that young gentlemen look very favorably on your actions. Do you want to become their hero?”

“I didn’t do it for something like that.

“Yes. I believe that’s not the case too. But think about the effects your actions could have. A gentleman observing good manners with a lady is proper courtesy and a promise for all. But if your actions are justified as right, someone will try to imitate you. There will definitely be someone who will rather insult and humiliate an innocent young lady in an attempt to become the center of discussion in the social circle. I do not want you to become a role model for someone so foolish.”

“I’m sorry. I was thoughtless.”

“I want the two of you to use this incident as an opportunity to once again realize that you are in a position capable of influencing a lot of people. Bruno, you go find that Count’s daughter and apologize respectfully. And then you two, stay away from parties for the time being and behave yourselves.”

“Yes, mother.”

“Yes, mother. Sorry to worry you.”

The next day, Bruno went to the Count’s manor and apologized respectfully; not only to the girl, but to her parents as well.

Bruno couldn’t forget the day he first visited the ducal residence upon receiving an invite from Damian.

[It’s a pleasure to meet you, Bruno. I’ve heard a lot about you.]

The Duchess looked at Bruno with tearful eyes, then she gave the boy a big hug.

Bruno had no memory of being hugged by his own mother, so he stood frozen stiff, in that warm embrace. For Bruno, the Duchess’ warm hospitality was both shocking and overwhelming.

During academy vacations, Bruno stayed at the ducal residence like he was family. Despite how large it was, the ducal residence was always filled with warmth. At first, Bruno was stupefied to see Chris shamelessly coming to the ducal residence to eat and sleep like it was his own house and even bring his brother, but then, the next thing he knew, he was doing the same thing.

The time he spent feeling the Duchess’ loving care, passing the days with Damian, Chris, the troublemaking Jude and the cute and lovely Evangeline, were filled with happiness like a dream. Even the Duke of Taran, whom Chris found it difficult to be around, became an adult that Bruno adored and wanted to be like. And then from one day on, Bruno began to call the Duchess, mother.

Damian woke Bruno, who had been absorbed in past memories for a while.

“Let’s go in before His Majesty comes.”

“Ah, right.”

The time for the meeting to begin was drawing near so there was no longer anyone in the hallway. Damian and Bruno went inside before the doors to the conference hall closed.

* * *

The conference, which began in the morning, came to an end in the afternoon. After a long meeting filled with fierce battles of results and reports, people left the conference hall, looking tired.

Near the door of the conference hall, Damian and Bruno waited for the Duke of Taran to come out. Who knew what other people had in mind but their schedule for today wasn’t over yet. After attending the national conference, they had to organize the contents of today’s meeting, discuss reports and exchange questions with the Duke of Taran.

‘...I am exhausted.’

The time after a long meeting like this was the hardest for Bruno. It wasn’t because reports or discussion were beyond his capability, but because his stamina sucked. Seeing Damian’s face brimming with energy next to him, Bruno was in awe.

‘Monsters. They’re all monsters.’

The stamina of this pair of Duke father and son was really terrifying. Bruno had never once seen any of them tired, both Hugo and Damian. It wasn’t only all day long, even if they stayed up all night, they would look be brimming with vigor as if they had just gotten a good night’s sleep.

When the Duke of Taran came out, Bruno raised his slouched shoulders and stood straight.

Hugo approached Damian and Bruno and handed them a piece of paper.

“I have something important to discuss with His Majesty so both of you can go home first. As for the report, I’ll hear it when I get back.”

“Yes.”

Damian took the piece of paper valuably, like it was an important document. As he looked at its contents, his expression stiffened slightly.

“Father. This...”

Curious about the source of Damian’s bewilderment, Bruno tilted his head slightly to see the contents of the paper. The stiffness of his expression was more obvious than Damian’s.

The piece of paper had two short phrases written on it.

{ Dream’s Kiss

Summer Garden Rose }

Was this a new secret code for confidential information? Under the questioning gazes of the two young men, Hugo’s face didn’t even twitch.

“Since I’m going to be getting back late, you guys should go buy that before going back. The name of the bakery is Muiller. That, on the paper, is the cake’s name. Your mom says she wants to eat it.”

“...Okay.”

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.6 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(6)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(6)

After telling the coachman to head to the Muiller Bakery, the two young men climbed onto the carriage. Shortly after the carriage departed, Bruno’s shoulders trembled as he tried not to laugh, but he couldn’t help it and burst out laughing. Infected by Bruno’s laughter, Damian began to laugh as well.

“Mother is really amazing. Who else can send the Duke of Taran on an errand to the bakery?”

“Only Mother can do it.”

“Do you know what surprised me the most during my stay at the ducal residence? That the strongest person in the house wasn’t His Grace the Duke but mother.”

Damian agreed with Bruno as he chuckled. His father was definitely a much stronger and taller man, but his much smaller mother kept winning in the strength department. When Damian was young, he could not understand it. And now, rather than saying he understood it, it had just become an expected thing.

He had never once seen his mother raise her voice or get angry. In his memories, his mother always had a smile on her face. However, there were times when his mother turned expressionless. That particular sight was truly scary. When that happened, even his father was well behaved in front of his mother.

“Let’s not forget the dollhouse case too. Mother got rid of the dollhouse that His Grace had put so much effort into, overnight.”

It was the first time Bruno realized the Duchess’ face could actually be so scary when she welcomed all three males back that evening without her usual warm smile on her face.

[I have dealt with the dollhouse matter. As a matter of fact, I went to meet Her Royal Highness in the palace today. Honey, let’s talk for a bit.]

For some reason, Bruno couldn’t help but think that the Duke’s back looked small as he followed the Duchess up to the second floor that day.

‘This guy definitely grew up well, watching his parents like that.’

Bruno had no warm memories with his parents. His biological father always put his greed first, and his birth mother wallowed in self-pity, so she was always depressed. When he heard the news of his father’s death, he didn’t shed a single tear, and when he was abandoned by his mother, he felt like just giving up.

So every time he saw the affectionate couple at the ducal residence, a sight he could never imagine at home, he felt strange, and envious of Damian.

“Any news from Chris?”

As soon as Chris graduated from the academy, he left to travel with only a bundle on his back.

[I want to leave my footprints on every corner of the world. It has been my dream for a long time.]

Chris didn’t leave any word of his destination or even when he would return. Marquis Philip got the news late and angrily tried to get back his son, but Chris’ escape was as slippery as an eel.

After that, there was no news from him, then a few months ago, one letter arrived from an unknown source. It was a short greeting letter, saying ‘I’m doing well’.

“If you don’t know, then there’s no way I’d know.”

Bruno frowned at Damian’s calm reply.

“Send people to find him. If you don’t use your power as the Duke’s heir at a time like this, when will you use it?”

“I know where he’s going.”

“Oh really? If he doesn’t attend this time, he forfeits his title. Does that kid not understand seriousness?”

Aside from paying taxes, titled nobles were obligated to attend a regional meeting held twice a year. It was a duty that you couldn’t be exempted from, without special circumstances, such as war. It was described as a meeting, but in reality, it was closer to a banquet. It was a place for asking each other about their wellbeing, and resolving small issues, if there were any, through their connections.

Failure to attend this aristocratic meeting at least once a year would be understood as you failing your duties as a noble and the procedure for deprivation of your title would proceed. If Chris didn’t attend the meeting that would be happening in two months, it would be exactly two consecutive absences.

“Who knows, he might be thinking it’s a good thing. He did say going to those noble meetings was more nauseating than an exam.”

“I don’t know why I’m more stressed over the guy’s issue than he is.”

Bruno heaved a long sigh and looked out the window, feeling annoyed.

“Probably because he is most indifferent when it comes to his own issues.”

“That’s what I want to say. I mean, how can there be talk of forfeiting a title? Something so ridiculous is about to happen in front of my eyes. Won’t His Grace the Duke be angry about this? He did personally request the title from His Majesty, after all.”

“My father won’t care about something like that. He’ll probably think of a way to retrieve the forfeited title. That way is much simpler than getting someone to go capture Chris.”

“...that way is simpler, huh?”

Bruno was tired and stopped talking. Now he knew why Damian was so nonchalant about this. He thought he had gotten used to it but sometimes he couldn’t keep up with the vastly different ways the duke father and son thought.

The carriage stopped in front of the Muiller Bakery. The two young men getting out of the carriage, paused at the sight of the pink signboard. They had a very ominous foreboding. Then again, the cake’s name wasn’t exactly ordinary.

“...I’m feeling more and more like he shifted this over to us.”

Damian was also thinking that might be the case.

The inside of the Muiller bakery was quite spacious, and it was filled with female customers who were either ordering a cake or seated at a table eating a cake. The area, which was filled with the chattering of women suddenly became quiet. Everyone’s gaze was drawn to the two handsome young men that had just entered the shop.

Damian and Bruno were both accustomed to being looked at by a considerable amount of people, but at this moment, their faces were so hot that they wanted to turn around and go back this instant.

The interior was as pink as the signboard outside and the decorations were like entering into another world. The colorful flowers, drooping laces, sweet smell that filled the air, and the scorching gazes of the women glued to their face, made their head spin.

For a while, the two young men stood at the entrance, like they were frozen.

The moment Bruno took a slight step back, Damian quickly grabbed him. Before he could turn around, his arm was swiftly caught by Damian.

“Are you sure you won’t come here again? If you’re going to go by yourself when that time comes, I might as well do the assignment Father gave me this time.”

Bruno gave up on running away. He could never come here alone. It was better for the both of them to come here twice, than for him to come here once and alone.

After taking a brief glance of the interior and verifying where the place to order was, Damian was about to walk over, but then he flinched. His eyes trembled at the back view of the woman who was talking to the staff at the counter.

Ashen blonde hair.

Damian unconsciously moved quickly, approaching her, then he grabbed the woman’s arm and turned her around to face him. The woman’s murky brown eyes shook with confusion.

Her eyes were not clear green. And on a closer look, the hair color was different. Her hair was a much brighter color.

Damian immediately let go of the woman’s arm and apologized for his rudeness.

“I’m sorry, lady. I mistook you for someone else.”

As he watched his friend from afar, Bruno clicked his tongue.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.7 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(7)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(7)

“Oh my, Sir. Taran. How unexpected to see you here.”

Seeing the face of the middle-aged woman who was greeting him, Damian quickly plastered on the expression of a dignified and upright youngster.

“I hope you’ve been well, Marchioness.”

Marchioness Philip’s eyes were filled with satisfaction as she looked at her son’s reliable friend. If she had a daughter under her roof, she would definitely fight to have him as a son-in-law, and the fact that she couldn’t, made her feel regretful. As Bruno approached and greeted her as well, the Marchioness felt like it was truly a pity as she looked at the two dignified young men before her. Her son should have also been beside them.

‘Oh, Chris. I’m vexed because of this childish son of mine.’

What ‘traveling around the world’. This wasn’t the time to do something so useless. The Marchioness was more than a little worried that at this rate, Bruno would fully occupy the position of Damian’s closest aide.

As the Marchioness warmly discussed the current hottest topics in the social circle with them, the noblewomen who came with her covertly showed their interest and approached.

“Marchioness, you must have fate with these lovely gentlemen.”

“Goodness me, you didn’t know? Marchioness’ son is close with Sir. Taran and Sir. Matin. Very close.”

Hearing the envious voices of the noblewomen, Marchioness Philip’s mood was greatly lifted. The two young men thought to themselves that if their friend, Chris were here, he probably won’t be able to stand it.

The Marchioness was a very typical noble madam. She liked gossiping, bluffing moderately and worldly things. Chris didn’t like that side of his mother.

[It would be so good if my mom resembled half of the Duchess.]

Chris had once said lamentfully.

“What brings you gentlemen here?”

“I came to buy a cake for my mother.”

“Oh my, as expected. The Duchess must be so happy to have such a reliable and filial son.”

Damian and Bruno were being courteous towards their friend’s mother, so they quietly went along with the Marchioness’ long chat.

After they managed to free themselves, Damian stood in front of the shop’s counter to buy the cake they came for.

“Can you please write down the name of the cake you would like to buy on the order sheet in front of you?”

Damian was very relieved to hear what the staff said. He was glad he didn’t need to say the embarrassing name of the cake. As he positioned to write the cake’s name on the slightly yellowish paper like the employee said, he glanced at the note his father gave him. Damian alternated glances between the note in his hand and the bakery order sheet, comparing them. Both papers had the same size and material. He put down the pen and handed the note he was given over to the employee.

“Your order has been received. Please wait while your product is packaged.”

Damian came to the conclusion that his father had come here at least once. He wasn’t shifting the responsibility over to his son. It looks like as long as his mother was concerned, his father wouldn’t care about entering a pink looking bakery to buy a cake for her.

Damian took in the entire view of the bakery and tried to imagine his father coming inside here, alone. But he couldn’t imagine it at all. Damian really respected his father, in various ways.

In the carriage heading home, Bruno glanced at Damian’s expression. And as usual, Bruno’s eyes looked upset for some reason.

“Why don’t you just get people to go search?”(Bruno)

“Are we still talking about Chris?”(Damian)

“Not Chris. I mean, Ted. Although her real name is probably not Ted. Do you know her name?”

“...I do.”

“I said this before but, it is at times like this you’re supposed to use your power as heir to the Duke.”

“...”

“Our Ixium’s youngest Shyta is really talented, huh. Even gets to date in the Academy teeming with dudes. Since we’re on this topic, when did you find out Ted was a girl?”

“At the beginning of the school year.”

“What. So you knew not long after Ted came to school. That said, I don’t think Ted went to you and told you she was a girl herself. How did you find out?”

Damian chuckled instead of answering. Who would have thought that a girl would dress up as a man and come to the Academy? If not for an unexpected event, Damian wouldn’t have known, and he wouldn’t have paid attention to the one girl among the numerous newly enrolled students.

“Anyways, when I think about that time, I really...When I thought you were romancing a man, I was unexpectedly scared. Chris, that guy didn’t even give me a hint even though he knew.”

“...”

“Look for her. Instead of being heart-broken here.”

When they returned to the Academy after summer vacation, Ted had withdrawn from school and disappeared.

“...I only know her name.”

“You don’t know which family’s daughter she is? Or her home country?”

“No idea.”

Bruno looked at his book-smart friend and clicked his tongue.

“Well, since she enrolled into the Academy, there should be a clue there, somewhere. If you dig, it’ll show up.”

Seeing that Damian wasn’t replying, Bruno didn’t say anything more.

Ted had disappeared after leaving one letter with Damian. Bruno didn’t know what was written inside but his friend, who seems like he was going to toss everything aside and rush out to look for her, merely locked himself up inside his dorm room for one day, then

returned to his daily life like nothing had happened.

But sometimes, Bruno could sense it. Damian hadn’t forgotten Ted, he was just pressing down his emotions and enduring for now.

* * *

Lucia’s face was full of smiles as she read the letter from Norman. She opened the book that was delivered alongside the letter and read the quote on the first page over and over.

<< I dedicate this book to my dear friend and sister, Lucia. >>

It was a novel written by Norman, who had picked up her pen again after a long time. She hadn’t been writing novels since she got married.

Norman had become the mother of two children, and she was enjoying a life of happiness with the little things. Norman’s letters were packed with events where she sometimes got annoyed with her husband, or whined about her two troublemaking sons, and she made little things sound extraordinary, so her letters were as interesting as novels. Her letters were one of the ones Lucia anticipated the most.

There was another letter Lucia was happy to see today. It was a letter from Kate in the north. Kate was also already married and the mother of two children.

Initially, Lucia only exchanged New Year greeting letters with Kate. But after she went to the north three years ago due to hearing the news of Madam Michelle’s passing, the both of them began to exchange letters more frequently. Kate was very grateful to Lucia for taking the lengthy carriage journey down to the north.

After she was done reading all her personal letters, Lucia began to organize the invitations. There was still an enormous amount of invitations sent to her, but there was a difference from the past. Majority of the invitations weren’t aiming for Lucia but wanted to invite Damian and Bruno, so they intended to conquer Lucia.

There were also letters from girls who were inquiring after Lucia’s wellbeing, out of nowhere. It was very obvious to Lucia that the girls had a crush on either Damian or Bruno so they were asking even though they weren’t curious at all and after reading such letters, she couldn’t help but laugh for a while.

With the invitations organized, there were various other letters left. Among them was advertisement letters from designers. Although people thought Antoine was the Duchess’ exclusive designer, Lucia didn’t have an exclusive contract with Antoine. She just couldn’t find a design she liked better than Antoine’s. She had already thought about commissioning another designer if she found a better design. Hence why she was always interested in looking at the advertisement letters that designers constantly sent to her.

It wasn’t only cloth designers that sent advertisements, jewelers did the same. As Lucia was looking through, she caught sight of a letter from some jeweler and her eyes open wide with surprise.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.8 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(8)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(8)

<< This is the design for His Grace the Duke’s brooch. If Your Grace is satisfied with the attached design, please make a commission to our jeweler. >>

The attached design depicted a lion’s head with two red gems as its eyes. Like the letter stated, it was a design for the Duke of Taran who represented the Taran family.

Lucia’s heart pounded in her chest as she stared at the familiar brooch design. It brought memories from her dream for the first time in a long while.

Lucia had lived with the mentally unsound old woman for half a year, then her identity became the old woman’s daughter, Lucy, around when she held the old lady’s funeral. A long time had passed since the old woman’s daughter was reported missing, so her daughter’s records were erased due to it being ruled as a death.

When Lucia reported the old woman’s death, she also notified them to withdraw the ruling of the daughter’s death. And at the same time, she requested that an altercation be made to her name because it was recorded incorrectly. The similarity between the names, Lucy and Lucia, allowed for the name change to proceed smoothly.

Using the excuse that her hair had turned white due to an illness, Lucia was given permission to dye her hair black. And so, she succeeded in remaking her identity into a new Lucia, with amber eyes and dark hair.

In order to make a living, she had to work. Lucia didn’t want to spend the rest of her life in the old lady’s old and isolated home. Even as she feared that someone might be tracking her down, she got a job in a small workshop. And perhaps the workshop’s old mistress noticed Lucia working diligently because half a year later, she said to her:

[I plan on scraping this workshop and moving eastward. Do you have any money saved? I’m thinking of handing it over to you.]

So for the first time in a long while, Lucia visited the cemetery that led to the secret tunnel of the Count Matin residence. She went at dawn, and she made sure there was no one was in sight, several times. It had been a long time, but fortunately, the jewelry box she’d hidden was just as she had left it.

After returning to her place, Lucia checked the jewelry box to verify its contents and discovered an ornament that she was seeing for the first time. It was a man’s brooch in the shape of a lion’s head. She thought about it, over and over again but she couldn’t figure out the source of the item. So eventually, Lucia sold everything in the jewelry box, but she couldn’t sell the brooch.

‘Are the designs the same?’

She couldn’t be sure because the one in her hand was just a design pattern. Lucia stared at the design for a while, seized with a strange feeling, then she drew up a letter of commission.

* * *

“Milady. The young Miss’ guests are about to leave.”

“Oh, is that so? It’s already gotten so late.”

Lucia stood up, leaving the organization that she was doing alone for the time being. There weren’t that many letters left anyway. As Evangeline got older, she grew more interested in playing with her friends than being with her mom, so Lucia’s days were relatively relaxed.

“Jerome, how is Roxy doing?”

Lucia asked about Jerome’s daughter, whose one year old birthday had recently passed. The girl had suddenly gotten a fever last night, so the doctor came to see her several times throughout the night.

“When I saw her around lunch, her fever looked like it had gone down a lot.”

“Haven’t you gone since you saw her at lunch?”

Seeing that Jerome wasn’t replying, Lucia clicked her tongue. Even after marriage, Jerome’s inflexible nature remained the same. The place wasn’t even far. The building right next door was Jerome’s newlywed home. Even though it had been a while, Lucia was still amazed by the fact that Jerome dated somebody and got married.

Jerome’s wife, Olga, used to be a newly hired maid in the ducal residence. And she was a woman whom Lucia had a connection with in her dream. When Lucia ran the workshop, Olga was a very sincere and sociable worker she had.

Jerome had been receiving employment applications constantly because of the maids who kept quitting and when Lucia made a short visit to his office, she found a familiar face on one of the applications. So Lucia recommended Olga. And about a year after Olga was hired, Jerome and Olga came together to see her and told her they would be getting married.

Lucia had absolutely no idea that the two of them were even dating, so she was surprised to hear that Olga was pregnant and when she saw Jerome standing with his head bowed, she had burst into laughter.

The empty outbuilding was completely clean and revamped into a home for the two of them to live in. And nowadays, Olga was ridiculously busy with raising her two children, so she rarely came to the main house.

“Jerome, it will be very hard on Olga to take care of two children when one of them is even sick. Stop here today and go home.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Lucia left the receiving room to see her daughter’s guest off.

* * *

“I shall be returning as of now. I appreciate your kindness in accommodating me again today.”

Prince Ethan, who gave his goodbyes in a mature manner.

“Today was fun. See you tomorrow.”

And the mischievous Jude, whose cheekiness was just like his brother, Chris.

“Thank you for your kind consideration, Duchess.”

Seeing the proud and prim young princess Selena, Lucia smiled pleasantly. They were all lovely children.

“Lady Eve, let’s play together again tomorrow.”

“Oh my, Lady Selena. I wanted to say that first.”

“Like I thought, we definitely have something connecting us.”

“It’s because we’re cultured ladies.”

Even though they were imitating noblewomen, the two girl’s unique childish voices were unnatural, making it obvious that their conversation was imitating something they had heard somewhere.

Lucia desperately tried to hold back her laughter so she wouldn’t hurt the two girls’ feelings. Lately, the two girls were very fascinated by acting as noblewomen, so they would have odd conversations with a weird tone.

The way Ethan looked at his sister made it clear he found her acting ridiculous and his snort was quite loud. Selena glared fiercely at Ethan. Then she hmphed and whispered loudly in Evangeline’s ear.

“Lady Eve. A cultured lady should be most careful of idiots like this one.”

“What? Hey! Selena!”

“Look at that. How uncultured.”

Ethan fumed but held back when Evangeline’s gaze fell on him. If they were at the palace, he would have grabbed his naughty sister’s hair. Ever since Selena began to speak well, Ethan was slowly realizing that he could never out-speak his sister.

As she watched Ethan sulk with an offended expression, Evangeline smiled sweetly.

“Lady Selena, Sir. Ethan is not an idiot. He is the elder brother of the cultured Lady Selena, is he not? Lady Selena’s elder brother can’t be someone like that.”

Ethan’s expression was awkward as his ears flushed red.

Selena knew that her elder brother was the type to torment her once they got back to the palace because he was angry, so she was in favor of making him feel better and replied primly.

“Hnn, well, that’s true.”

“Hooh. What of me? How am I?”

Jude butted in. Seeing Jude’s eyes filled with expectation, Evangeline thought for a moment then she said:

“Jude is a good person. You’re nice.”

“Hehe. Then, will you marry me later, Eve?”

Lucia’s eyes opened wide and she watched the children’s conversation with rabid interest. Evangeline tilted her head and fell into thought. Lucia, the other children, and even the surround servants, held their breaths as they waited for the girl’s answer.

“The two young masters have returned.”

When a maid came in and reported this, Evangeline screamed ‘Elder brother!’ and ran out, her face gleaming with happiness. Selena, who had been acting like a noble lady, tossed that aside and ran after her at full speed.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.9 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(9)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(9)

“Elder brother!”

As Damian came down from the carriage, he smiled at the girl running towards him with her golden blonde hair fluttering in the wind. Damian caught his sister as she ran towards him with all her might then he hugged her tightly, lifted her into the air and placed her down.

The sound of the girl’s boisterous laughter spread in the air. Damian’s heart felt full every time he heard his sister’s clear laughter.

“Pretty big brother!”

Evangeline hugged Bruno tight too and greeted him. Evangeline had three big brothers, so she called them in a different way. For Damian, it was simply ‘elder brother’, for Chris, it was ‘Jude’s big brother’, and when Evangeline first saw Bruno, she shouted.

[It’s a pretty big brother!]

And since then, Bruno’s name became pretty big brother. Bruno sighed as he stroked his cute little sister’s head.

“Eve. Can’t you change the way you call me? You can just call me big brother. Or call me by my name rather.”

“Okay, pretty big brother.”

“...”

Bruno suspected she was doing this on purpose since she was definitely at an age where she could understand his meaning now. She had a wide smile on her face and her expression was full of mischief. Bruno chuckled as if saying it was his loss.

Selena had run over like Evangeline but couldn’t hug them like Eve did, so she stood some distance away with envy in her eyes. Selena also had elder brothers of similar age like that of the two in the ducal residence, but there weren’t many chances to come out and greet them.

She felt very envious to see Eve’s elder brother look at Eve with a gaze full of affection, hug her and indulge her. And above all, Eve’s brother, Damian was far cooler and awesome-r than Selena’s older brother. To Selena, he was a prince dreamy beyond words.

“It has been a long time, Princess.”

When Damian greeted her, Selena hesitantly approached them, picked her skirt slightly and returned the greeting.

“It has been a while, Sir. Damian. Lady Eve, I believe it’s time to say my regretful goodbyes.”

“Lady Selena, goodbyes are really regretful. I’ll see you tomorrow.”

Damian and Bruno glanced at each other with a strange look in their eyes then they turned away and tried their best not to laugh.

* * *

After watching the carriage leave with the children that came to visit, the three siblings turned around. The fox, Asha, who had at some point, noticed that her owner was home, came to rub her head at Damian’s feet.

Damian picked Asha up and hugged her. She was now quite old, and her movements were not as fast as before. Asha closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of Damian caressing the back of her neck.

“Ah, right. Elder brother, what is marriage?”

“Marriage is...uh...when a man and a woman come together to make a family. Like mother and father. Father and mother got married and so Eve, you were born.”

“Hmm, I see. So if I marry, my little sibling will be born?”

“That’s not how it wo...wait, Eve. Why are you suddenly curious about this?”

“Jude asked me to marry him. Can I?”

“No!”

Damian and Bruno shouted at the same time.

* * *

Hugo’s discussion with the king took longer than he expected. After managing to reject the King’s invite to dinner, Hugo returned home later than usual. As soon as he entered the mansion, he approached his wife who came to greet him like usual.

“You’re late.”(Lucia)

“What of Eve?”(Hugo)

“She’s asleep. She played hide-and-seek with her friends for quite a while so she must be tired. You’re hungry, right?”

He was hungry indeed, but he wasn’t sure which hunger it was. Hugo decided to deal with the urgent one first. He wrapped an arm around her waist, pulled her to his chest and covered her lips as her eyes widened in surprise. He sucked her soft lips and breathed in the sweet air around her. Her scent tickled his nose. His thirst for her could never be satisfied.

When she wriggled hard in his embrace, Hugo was a little unhappy. It was still not enough. He pressed her with a fiery kiss. She smacked his chest and pushed against him with all her strength.

Hugo didn’t removed his firm hand on her waist, but he had no choice but to loosen his embrace and take his lips away. When he saw the angry amber eyes that met his, he found it really cute. He seriously considered just taking her to the bedroom like this.

“What are you doing? The kids are here.”

Lucia whispered through clenched teeth. It was only then that Hugo lifted his gaze and took notice of the two boys who were standing with their heads lowered. When he saw the boys, he remembered what he had asked them to do.

“Did you get the cake?”

Lucia glared at him, prudishly. She couldn’t help but be moved by her husband’s consideration of her. He had asked his son to bring the cake because he felt he would be late. The anger and embarrassment she felt because the children had witnessed that shameful sight, lessened slightly.

“I got it. It was delicious. Thanks, honey.”

Lucia pecked him on the cheek. Just before Hugo could go after her lips again, Lucia covered his lips with her palm and shook her head minutely. Tch, he grumbled inwardly and gave the tactless disturbers a fierce look.

“If you finished the errand I sent you on, then you’re done. You don’t have to report to me.”

“They came out to greet you.”

“Hm? No need. Next time, you don’t need to come out. Since you’ve greeted me, go up.”

The three men usually came back together, but when Damian and Bruno came back first, they would normally come out to greet Hugo with their mother. He was just being unreasonable. Lucia knew he was simply grumpy because their kiss was interrupted.

“Where should they go? The kids haven’t had dinner yet.”

His plan to eat dinner alone with his wife on the second floor fell apart. Hugo frowned.

“Why haven’t you guys eaten yet?”

“Geez, I’m embarrassed to face the kids. Just come here.”

Lucia quickly pulled Hugo’s arm and headed for the dining room. Hugo followed like he was helpless while grumbling.

“Next time, let them eat first.”

“Alright.”

The two young men’s expressions were very weird as they watched the two go to the dining hall. They felt both taken aback and in disbelief. The same person who said he would hear the report of the meeting when he got home seemed to have now forgotten about it.

The two looked at each other and burst into laughter.

“Why aren’t you coming in?”

Lucia’s voice calling them could be heard from the dining hall.

“Yes, we’re coming.”

Damian and Bruno replied in a loud voice and walked to the dining hall.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.10 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(10)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Side Story 3.8

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(10)

Jerome, who was usually there to oversee their meal, was nowhere to be found. Her husband didn’t outright asked where he was, but his eyes were obviously looking for him, so Lucia said.

“I told the butler to go back early today. He seemed worried about his sick child.”

“Is it very serious? Was the doctor called?”

“Yes, a while ago. According to the doctor, her fever has gone down a lot, so it’s not very dangerous. It looks like babies have fevers for no particular reason. Eve was also like that; it surprised me many times.”

“True. You were crying and weeping that Eve is going to die.”

Lucia was embarrassed and cleared her throat. Even when she thought about it now, back then, she had thoroughly lost her reason. She screamed and cried at her husband to make her better somehow, even though her husband wasn’t a doctor. But it was thanks to him keeping his composure and consoling her that she was able to come back to her senses and not be devastated.

“Does Princess Selena still come here frequently?”

“It’s almost every day. She gets along with Eve very well.”

“Mother. The princess isn’t an issue but as for Jude and Prince Ethan, shouldn’t we stop them from coming at this point?”

“Stop them? Why?”

“I think it’s past time for them to keep playing together like they did as children.”

“Past time? I think it’s still okay.”

Damian felt his mother was going to just pass over his serious suggestion, so he decided to ask his father for support. When it came to Eve, his father’s thinking was far more rigid than Damian’s.

“Father. Eve told me Jude asked her to marry him. That is, she received a marriage proposal.”

“What?”

How dare that cocky little midget—!

Hugo immediately turned to his wife and spoke with a grim aura around him.

“His entry is forbidden. Right away, starting tomorrow.”

Knowing that whatever she said right now would go in one ear and out the other, Lucia obediently replied.

“Okay, I’ll do that.”

Looking at the father and son who were now focusing on their meal as if they were finally satisfied, Lucia gave a wry smile.

“Why did His Majesty suddenly want to speak with you?”

“The discussion was long, but the conclusion was simple. His Majesty wants an engagement. Between Selena and Damian.”

“Yes?”

At the same time Lucia exclaimed in surprise, Damian dropped the knife he was holding, and it fell on his plate with a clatter.

Lucia glanced at Damian’s flustered figure and a playful smile crept onto her lips.

“Her Royal Highness did mention such a thing to me a while back.”

“Is that so? Then I suppose the offer wasn’t made on an impulse.”

“What do you think?”

“It’s not a bad offer. The dowry doesn’t have to be too much either, just enough to keep up appearances. Damian, if you want, I’ll let you marry.”

“Father!”

Damian made a long face. Princess Selena was only eight years old. She was just a year older than Eve. Sure, in ten years, the children would grow into beautiful ladies but that was still in the distant future. If there was an eighteen year old who saw an eight year old as a marriage partner, then that person was honestly crazy.

Bruno was doing his utmost best not to burst into laughter. Images of the tiny princess he saw earlier spun through his mind. The little girl that was playing pretend noblewoman and speaking in a manner that didn’t suit her. When he imagined her becoming Damian’s fiancé and standing beside Damian, he felt like he was about to howl with laughter. His hand holding his fork trembled so he placed the fork down and picked up a glass of water.

“That is absurd. Think about how old Princess Selena is.”

Hugo looked indifferent as he received Damian’s objection.

“Who said it had to be done now? You can get engaged and then marry when the princess gets older.”

Lucia supplemented from the side.

“As a matter of fact, Damian met the princess earlier, on her way back to the Royal Palace. I suppose there would be no need to set up an introductory meeting.”

“Mother!”

Damian’s face, which was changing between pale and red, turned dark. It was natural for children to marry according to the arrangements made by their parents. A union between the ducal house and the royal family was obvious a perfect stratagem.

As Damian’s expression stiffened gravely, Bruno’s face also sank even though he had been grinning endlessly. Bruno looked at Damian and inwardly clicked his tongue.

‘If you don’t like it, just say so. This foolish guy.’

The Damian that Bruno knew would never oppose his parents. When you saw him dealing with things as the Shyta of the Academy, you would think he was very stubborn, but before his parents, he was a very obedient son. Even if he collapsed inside, as long as his parents wanted it, he would not only marry Princess Selena but do more than that without any complaints.

‘They aren’t the type of people to push their son into something he doesn’t want because of greed.’

Should he expose his friend’s dating issue? While Bruno considered what to do to pull his friend out of the mire, Lucia spoke first.

“Damian, since you’re taking this so seriously, I can’t tease you anymore.”

Lucia spoke warmly to her somber son.

“I do not plan on forcing you into something you don’t want. How can we decide something like marriage that concerns your life?”

Damian looked at Lucia with an expression like he had come back from death’s door. Seeing Damian looking at her like she was some kind of savior, Lucia found it so adorable and smiled. Her big son still had some traces from his childhood left.

Lucia felt happy as she looked at the black lion who was still keeping his position as king even though he’d grown older, and then at the young black lion who was no longer a cub but still had much left to grow. Two of her most beloved men were just as lovable as ever.

“Your father is also of the same thought. Isn’t that right? You originally didn’t want to have a marriage with the royal family.”

Hugo snorted when he saw Damian looking at his mother eagerly. His wife was too overindulgent with Damian. A child should listen to their parents. However, Hugo didn’t reveal what he was thinking inside and wrapped his words up in a pretty package.

“I won’t force him into a marriage he doesn’t want.”

“What did you say to His Majesty?”

“I suspended it because it wasn’t the right time to discuss it. I said if the boy doesn’t have a woman by the time the princess makes her debut at fifteen, I’ll think about it.”

“Why make such a promise...”

“Damian, you have no confidence in getting a woman in seven years?”

“...”

Damian couldn’t give a reply.

Hugo decided to act like he knew nothing when he saw his son feigning ignorance. He already knew that his son had a woman from the reports of those planted in the academy.

“That isn’t something that can be solved with time.”

Lucia took to her son’s defense.

“By the way, why are we only talking about Damian’s engagement? How about our Eve. There are three princes to pair her with.”

“Not a chance.”

“That can’t happen, Mother.”

“It’s too early, Mother.”

Lucia laughed incredulously when she saw the three men uttering similar words at almost the exact same time. In this ducal residence, there were three men who became idiots when it came to Evangeline.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.11 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(11)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(11)

Sometime after dinner was over, Fabian came to the ducal residence. While he was waiting for his master, the mistress, and the young masters to finish their meal, Fabian had gone to visit Jerome and his family in the outbuilding.

After Jerome got married, Fabian felt like a heavy burden had been lifted off his back. He didn’t say anything, but he had been worried to see Jerome only caring about taking care of the ducal house and not thinking about marriage, even when he was past thirty.

Now, Fabian was both happy and envious to see Jerome happy as the head of a decent family.

‘Lucky brat.’

It was already envious enough that Jerome got to marry a young woman despite their big age difference, but she was also extremely beautiful. After Fabian relentlessly pestered them to tell him about their love story, Olga answered him with a blush.

[I fell for him and chased after him.]

Fabian couldn’t understand. Why in the world? What part of him did she fall for? It was the biggest mystery of his life.

When he saw Jerome and his wife acting coy and bashful even after having two kids, he felt like something was crawling on his skin, so he quickly left for the main house.

Hugo told Damian and Bruno that the report of the observations from today’s meeting would be pushed to tomorrow then he went to his office with Fabian. Fabian turned in his report and verbally reported the most essential thing.

“News of Philip’s death came.”

Hugo, who was about to open the report, paused. He looked at the death certificate attached to the first page of the report for a while.

‘What a tenacious old turd.’

Seven years ago, Hugo ordered for Philip to be dragged to the dungeon in the north after his tongue was cut off and his ankle tendon severed. He left him in charge of treating vicious criminals in the underground prison where no sunlight ever came in. According to the occasional news he got, the old man silently devoted himself to treating prisoners. Hugo wondered how long he could endure in that grim underground dungeon despite his old age, and he finally died after seven years.

While he was searching for Philip’s family records, he also found the training camp for women to continue the Taran bloodline. It was actually in the capital. It was disguised as an orphanage and the women who were fed the mugwort(ssamyupsuk) herb were isolated and cared for as if they had a special illness.

Hugo wanted to kill them all, but he thought of his daughter and endured it. He didn’t want to stain his daughter’s birth with the spilling of blood and resentment.

The women didn’t know why their bodies became like that or for what purpose it was made like it. They were all given the cure and only after their menstruation came back and it was confirmed that they were normal again, were they released. This work actually took quite some time and only finished some years ago.

“How is a prisoner’s corpse dealt with?”

“If their family doesn’t collect their bodies then in the summer, every day, because the bodies rot easily, and in the winter, every few days. The bodies are all cremated at once.”

Philip had no family to hold his funeral. At this rate, he would be cremated with the corpses of other criminals and eventually, not even a chip of his bones would be found.

“There’s a burial ground for the family doctor. Take steps to have him buried there. No need to take care of a separate funeral.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

His resentment towards Philip hadn’t disappeared. Philip’s death didn’t make his crime go away. He was obsessed with a fruitless pretext, schemed, and threatened his master. Even if his body was torn to pieces while he was alive, his crime was deserving of it.

When he learned from Philip’s records that Philip had put a woman in his bedroom, he couldn’t believe it. He was so angry that he felt like steam was rising from his head. The reason why Hugo left Philip alive was because of his cold-hearted desire for Philip to be tormented for a long time instead of suffering a short death.

However, Philip saved his brother’s life. He brought Damian who resembled his brother to Hugo. And it was also because of his scheme that Hugo got his daughter, Evangeline.

Not all the results of Philip’s actions were bad. Strictly speaking, Philip didn’t do all that to gratify his self-interest. Philip was also a victim of his family’s shackles and he could never get free.

‘I have changed indeed.’

Just like Philip told him a long time ago, Hugo thought that he had changed. To think he was feeling pity for a criminal who deserved his death. If it were the past him, he would have dragged out even the old man’s corpse, ordered them to chop it to pieces and fed him to beasts.

However, despite feeling this change in himself, Hugo was happy. He felt like he wasn’t just the Hugo imitating his late brother, but actually his own person.

With Philip’s death, everything was now over. No one outside the family knew his family’s secret. He thought it would be relaxing to know but he merely felt strange. The heavy weight on his body was still there. But this weight was not the terrible type he wanted to escape from, but a responsibility he ought to bear.

He realized that unless he tossed everything aside and ran away, he had to share his fate with the Taran family until he died. And for him now, abandoning his family was no longer an option.

The Taran house would protect his family, and he would protect the Taran house.

Philip’s death served as a force to free Hugo from being trapped in his late brother’s shadow. Henceforth, Hugo acknowledged that both Hue and Hugo were the same person. The young Hue who was mercenary slave and the lord of the north, Hugo Taran, were both himself.

“The other news that came from the north is about Sir. Krotin.”

Irritation flashed across Hugo’s eyes. Who knew where the guy had dug himself, not even his shadow could be found. So much manpower and time had been spent on trying to find him. Some time ago, he even ordered his knights that if Roy was found, he should be bound like a prisoner and dragged over here.

Two years ago, the Duke of Ramis passed away and his son, Robin, succeeded him. And about a year ago, Hugo negotiated with the king and the new Duke Ramis about reinstating Roy and succeeded.

Roy was no longer a heinous criminal. Since he had already been ‘killed’ as a death row prisoner, it would be difficult to have him conspicuously in the capital, but he could be reinstated into the northern knights with no issue at all.

The problem was Roy’s whereabouts. Shortly after he went to the north disguised as a death row prisoner, Roy could not be found and the last news of him was from a witness who saw him going into the barbarian territory. Hugo thought Roy would return soon but when nearly a year passed with no news from Roy, his knights entered the barbarian land to search for Roy. Dean had participated in the search party back then and was able to meet Roy in the span of a few days.

[I prefer going unnoticed, anyway. It’s comfortable here. You know I’m not the kind of guy to die easily, right? Don’t worry about me and don’t look for me. I’ll be staying here for a while.]

When Hugo heard of this, he told them to leave him alone. Roy was like a wild horse anyways, he couldn’t be reined. However, when Roy was reinstated a year ago, Hugo ordered them to call him in, but he couldn’t be found.

The barbarian land was very large. But because he couldn’t exactly gather a huge search party for Roy due to circumstances, it had been a year since only a handful of people began to search for Roy.

“Did you find him?”

Hugo ground his teeth. If the guy was brought before him, he would definitely beat him up first before talking.

“Rather than finding him...we got news from him.”

Fabian nervously continued speaking.

“A boy appeared before the knights and gave them a letter from Sir. Krotin. And...according to the letter, the boy is Sir. Krotin’s son. It’s at the back of the report.”

Hugo immediately turned to the back of the letter.

<< My lord. My son said he’ll pay the debts I owe you. He wants to be a knight so I taught him and if he’s useful, give him something to do, otherwise, you can chase him out. But you know, I taught the brat personally so he’s pretty good. I hear you’ve been trying to find me lately? I’ll come and see you when I want later, my lord. For now, I’ll live like this. >>

“Son?”

Hugo was speechless and forced a laugh. Even in the past, it was impossible to know what this guy would do but this time, he really struck him in the back of the head.

“His name is Khali. He’s eight years old this year.”

“Eight?”

Hugo felt like he was about to have a headache and massaged his temples. If the boy was eight years old then it meant that Roy had caused an accident a few months after he was sent to the north.

“And from the looks of it, the child’s mother is very likely a barbarian.”

“...he’s doing all sorts of things.”

As far as Hugo knew, Roy didn’t treat barbarians like people of the same species. They were preys to be hunted.

In addition, although Roy didn’t really kill the women and children, he didn’t think like a knight, but as a true hunter looking for strong prey; in other words, he was a crazy bastard. If there was a reason to kill a woman, he would; he didn’t do things that would lead to future troubles.

Now they were saying that such a Roy had a child with a barbarian woman. Before Hugo could even be surprised about, he found it hard to believe.

“Are you sure it’s Roy’s child?”

“According to Sir. Heba...they are very similar.”

Hugo flipped to the report before Roy’s letter and found the attachment written by Dean. As he read Dean’s report, Hugo’s expression gradually grew askew.

From beginning to end, Dean was pouring compliments on Roy’s young son. In conclusion, Dean was saying he was a very talented boy who might very well bring the knights’ name to new heights, so he wanted to take him in and cultivate him as a knight.

‘If the boy is left to Dean and taught from a young age, he won’t act as recklessly as his father. Well, certainly if he’s Roy’s son, he will be talented.’

If his skills were as good as Dean claimed, he might consider bringing the boy to the capital later. A skilled knight was needed for when Evangeline grew up and debuted in the social circle, so this was a good opportunity.

“Tell the search team looking for Roy to withdraw, and have Dean be in charge of teaching Roy’s son.”

“Yes, Your Grace.”

Afterwards was just minor reports.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 3.12 - HAPPILY EVER AFTER(12)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

HAPPILY EVER AFTER(12)

By the time he arrived at Roam after a few days journey on his horse without sleep, the entire situation was already over and waiting for him. As soon as he entered the walls of Roam, he could feel a gloomy aura in the air. The people that came out to see him gave their greetings with utmost respect. Their attitude wasn’t that of meeting the young master but that of greeting a new master.

He slowly got down from the horse. He couldn’t take a step forward; it was as if his two feet were rooted to the floor. Someone approached him and said something to him but it went unheard.

“...Where?”

“Pardon? The two bodies are insi...”

“Not that!”

“Th—the west tower...”

“All of you...withdraw. Do not come until I call for you. If I catch you in my sight, I will cut off your head.”

His voice started off calmly but ended in a tone oozing with blood. He swept a cold glance over the wavering and unmoving figures of the people around him then thick bloodthirst burst forth from him. He was suppressing his desire to rip out the necks of everyone here and slaughter them.

Several weak-minded people held other people for support as they sank to their knees and dispersed with pale complexions. His cold red eyes gazed at them then he headed for the west tower.

As soon as he reached the top of the stairs and opened the door, he was swarmed with the smell of blood. A smell he had never found repulsive before made him feel nauseous. The stone floor was smeared with a large black blood stain.

The vassals were shocked by the fact that the culprit who murdered the ducal couple, was the spitting image of the young master so they couldn’t bear to move the body and left it there. All they did was take a wooden coffin and put the corpse inside.

He dragged his feet to the wooden coffin. As he looked at the closed coffin, he took in a deep breath like he had just ran a race. He slowly bent down and got on his knees, then he pushed the lid of the coffin aside with trembling hands.

A young man with a grey complexion, like that never seen on a living being, lay inside with his eyes closed. The cracked wounds on his neck were spotted with dried blood stains. The expression on the dead body was serene. The stench of the corpse that was beginning to decay pierced his nose.

As he looked at the face of the young man, which was just like him, extreme emotions swirled in his eyes. It felt like his blood was flowing backwards. Grief, and anger that seemed to drive him mad burst forth from within.

“AAARGGHH!!”

~

Hugo opened his eyes with a start. The warmth of the body next to him quickly dragged him back to reality.

A dream. Hugo heaved a sigh.

As he stared into space, he felt the own unstable pounding of his heart.

‘That damned guy.’

Even though he left like that, why was his first appearance in his dream that of the last time he saw him? Hugo inwardly spewed curses at his brother. He sighed heavily and carefully removed his hand that was wrapped around his wife’s back because he didn’t want to wake her up. He sat down motionlessly on the bed for a bit, then he came down from the bed.

Quite a long time passed after Hugo left the bedroom. The world was immersed in the deepest darkness that occurred just before dawn.

Lucia turned on the bed, wanting to feel his warmth but only felt a vacant, cold space. She woke up halfway and opened her eyes to realize that the space next to her was completely empty. Although her husband was the type to get up early, that didn’t mean in the dead of the night.

Lucia got down from bed to search for him. As she looked around, she noticed a small light coming from the door crevice of the receiving room. She approached quietly, opened the door and poked her head inside. The first thing she noticed was the three or so uncorked wine bottles lying on the table.

She frowned slightly. He was definitely not that much of a wine lover that he would go drink a few bottles of wine, alone, at this time of the night. She looked for her husband, and when she saw his rearview by the window, her heart throbbed. He seemed strange, as he stood there with the moonlight falling on him through the window.

For some reason, she felt lonely as she once again realized that no matter how much they loved each other, they could only be separate people.

Lucia wondered what it could be. Perhaps this wasn’t the first time he had come out here in thought and she had never seen it so she didn’t know.

Should she go comfort him? Or would it be better for her not to disturb him? She didn’t know what to choose, so she didn’t approach, and just stood holding the doorknob. She couldn’t even turn around and go back to the bedroom like she hadn’t seen anything.

‘Hugh.’

She merely called him inside, but like magic, he turned around. Then he smiled faintly and gestured to her, as if telling her to come here. Lucia walked up to him as fast as she could, almost like she was running.

She threw her arms around him and buried her head in his chest. His arms reliably wrapped around her waist. As his large hand stroked her hair, she lifted her face and he kissed her forehead.

“Did you have a bad dream?”

“You weren’t there so it felt empty and I woke up. What about you? Did you have a bad dream?”

“Yeah. Even though I’ve never had one before.”

Hugo smiled wryly. He had never even had dreams before. Perhaps he might have had a dream while he slept but he never remembered when he woke up. This was his first time waking up from a bad dream and being unable to go back to sleep because his mind was disturbed.

“A dream is just a dream, Hugh. You don’t have a pendant, after all.”

Hugo leaned on her shoulder and chuckled.

“The guy who made a mess out of your workshop in your dream. You really won’t tell me who it is?”

The fact that Count Matin got off so easy still annoyed him. So he tried to blow off steam with the other guy, but she completely refused to say anything.

“It didn’t happen in reality. He might be living a diligent life now, so I don’t want to blame him for a crime he didn’t commit.”

“I doubt he’s being diligent. I can assure you, people’s nature don’t change that easily.”

“Still, there’s no need for you to know.”

“But you told me about Count Matin.”

“Well, I couldn’t explain well without mentioning Count Matin, so it couldn’t be helped. Let’s stop talking about this. I’m never telling.”

“Tsk. Stubborn.”

Hugo swept her into his arms then he walked to the sofa and sat down. He sat her on his knees and hugged her soft body tight. As he breathed in her smell, Hugo felt his subsided feeling gradually rising again.

Lucia gently stroked his hair without asking anything. Although she wanted to know everything about him, she could understand if there was something he couldn’t tell her.

“Philip is dead.”

“...I feel complicated.”

“It’s just as you say. I wonder why I don’t feel lighthearted.”

“Because Philip was there for a huge part of your life.”

A long time after Lucia gave birth to Evangeline, Hugo gave her the full story of what Philip had done. Her heart ached when she finally realized how hard it was for her husband at the time. She felt sorry for not being able to share his pain.

However, she didn’t hate Philip that much. She simply felt that the life of the man called Philip was pitiful. Her connection to him in her dream was also part of it, and if it wasn’t for Philip, she wouldn’t have gotten Evangeline in the end. After all, Lucia wouldn’t have ever taken the medicine to treat herself, personally.

In addition, whether she hated him or not, Philip was a remnant of her husband’s lonely childhood. Her husband might disagree, but Lucia thought so.

“If you really want, you can take a visit to the north. Perhaps you need a break.”

“Shall we go together?”

“If you go with me, what kind of break will it be? We’ll just spend the time traveling in a carriage.”

“True. It’ll trouble you.”

“I didn’t mean I don’t want to go because it’s troublesome. If you want to go, I’ll prepare for it.”

“No, it’s fine.”

“Then, later. When the children are all grown up, let’s go to the north. I know I went a year ago, but I miss it more as time goes by. I think we should go back someday.”

“Yeah. Let’s do that...”

They hugged each other for a while, not saying anything.

10 years of marriage. They had reached a point of tranquility where simply being together was enough, and it was never awkward no matter how long the silence was. Perhaps this peace of mind was more precious than a hot and intense love.

Lucia caress his head like she was comforting him as he held her tight with his face buried in her soft chest.

“...It feels strange to see Damian the same age as his father when he died.”(Hugo)

His brother had died at eighteen years old. At the time, Hugo thought his brother was an adult. He thought that when Damian was eighteen years old, he would be able to comfortably entrust everything to Damian like Damian had received the title.

However, when he looked at Damian, he realized it was a very young age. Even though he acted like an adult, the expressions he clumsily revealed without even realizing it showed Hugo that he was still a child.

“It’s because you pamper him so much.” (Hugo)

“What’s this all of a sudden?”(Lucia)

“I’m talking about Damian. He’s still a kid. I wasn’t like that at his age.”

“Since you’re saying this, I have something to say too. You also pamper Eve too much. She’s like a spoiled five year old.”

“What do you mean? Eve is young. She’s only seven now.”

Lucia glared at him. Her husband’s standards were way too different for their son and daughter.

“You sent Damian to boarding school at six. I thought you said that at six, your child should be able to survive even if they were thrown into a desert?”[1]

“That...! Who was it? Who told you? Damian? Jerome?”

“I’m definitely not telling you.”

“You think I don’t have another way if you don’t tell me? I’ll just grill the two of them...”

“Hugh!”

When Lucia’s eyes slanted, Hugo shut his mouth. Then as he grumbled, he buried his lifted head back into her chest.

Lucia hugged his head and giggled. Her husband got more adorable as he got older. Sometimes, when she saw him acting like a stern father in front of his son or acting cold and indifferent in front of other people, she inwardly burst out laughing.

“It’s because you’re looking at Damian with the eyes of a father. In the eyes of parents, no matter how old their child is, their child is young. When Eve grows up to twenty or thirty, do you think she’ll look like an adult in your eyes?”

“...”

“Damian is all grown up. He might be young in your eyes and mine, but to others, he’s an adult. Even if you tell him about his birth father, I believe he can understand now.”

“...Can he really understand?”

“Of course. He’s a very considerate child. How much are you willing to tell him?”

“I was planning to burn down the secret room in Roam. I mean, I was going to secretly take him to my brother’s grave.”

“You’ve changed your mind?”

“I think Damian should know too. It’s up to him to accept it or not.”

Even now, Hugo occasionally flipped through the records from Philip’s hideout. The medical knowledge accumulated by Philip’s family from generation to generation was capable of saving the life of a dying person.

In addition, there were experimental records about whether a Taran female could have a child with a normal man. Fortunately, according to the records, Evangeline could marry an ordinary person, have a child, and live a normal life.

The couple of times that Evangeline was sick, Hugo was helped by the records. He realized how precious the medical knowledge in them was as he smoothed down his chest in relief after his daughter’s high fever quickly subsided. The knowledge gathered by a family for hundreds of years was a treasure. Of course, he also realized that the knowledge in the secret room was a treasure.

“I think you’ve made a good choice. If Damian were to take over from you without knowing anything, it’s like only inheriting half.”

“Do you want to come along when we go to Roam?”

“No. Do not make exceptions. That way, in the future, it will remain that only the head of Taran can enter than room.”

Hugo kissed her lips then he stood up with her in his arms.

“I don’t know about anything else, but Damian won’t get a better wife than mine.”

Lucia smacked his chest as she laughed.

“What are you saying? Damian will have a wife much prettier and wiser than me.”

“That’s impossible.”

“Don’t try to compete with Damian in strange areas. Our Eve too, will get a husband more wonderful than you.”

“It looks like our daughter won’t get married.”

“What?”

“No such man exists.”

“Oh you, seriously.”

Hugo entered the bedroom, kissing his laughing wife’s lips. As Lucia lay on the bed, snuggling in his embrace, she said:

“Hugh, I have a present for your coming birthday. You can look forward to it.”

“What is it that you’re so confident about it? I will look forward to it.”

The completion date of the brooch commission would roughly match the date of his birthday. Lucia wanted to give him the brooch and also tell him the story from her dream. What could be the identity of the brooch from her dream? She felt like it would be fun for both of them to put their heads together and solve the mystery.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.1 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(1)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(1)

“So, there was a party break at Countess Dieter’s tea party a few days ago.”

While they were discussing various things, Katherine brought up the newest hot topic.

“Oh no.”

Lucia clicked her tongue. A party break wasn’t something that happened often. It was close to something of a last resort when the leader of the party break was completely resolved to becoming enemies with the host of the party.

Because a party break was not a common occurrence, it was always at the center of gossip in the social circle when it happened. Lucia’s mind flew back to the party break that happened at her tea party in Roam. It was already 10 years since that incident happened.

“Apparently, Countess Dieter was thoroughly humiliated.”(Katherine)

“Who was the leader?”(T/N: of the party break)

“Countess Ophil.”

Lucia cocked her head to the side. She was familiar with the name Countess Dieter, but she couldn’t recall ever hearing about a Countess Ophil. In other words, Countess Dieter was someone quite famous in the social circle, but the party break instigator was someone in a relatively inferior position. There were very few cases like this.

“It seems no one sided with Countess Dieter. What mistake did the Countess make?”(Lucia)

“Mistake?”

“실수?”

Katherine smiled coldly.

“The person Count Ophil had affair with, was Countess Dieter. What’s more, Count Ophil actually brought Countess Dieter to his mansion and they were caught by Countess Ophil while they were rolling in the sheets. Apparently, Countess Dieter was in such a rush to run away that she forgot her own underwear. Countess Ophil threw the underwear down on the table, on the day of the tea party.”

“...”

Lucia sighed bitterly. Even though she wasn’t at the event, she could see the pandemonium that took place. Since it wasn’t their problem, the noblewomen would have watched the spectacle with excitement, happy for the change of pace, then they would cheerfully spread rumors all over the place.

Although Countess Dieter brought it on herself, and Countess Ophil was argumentatively, the victim, it was a shameful situation. The reason why many affairs in the high society never surfaced, wasn’t because the spouse wasn’t aware of their husband/wife being in an improper relationship. It was because people felt it was very embarrassing to have people know that their spouse was cheating.

Lucia felt really bad when she thought about miserable Countess Ophil must have felt, to the point where she couldn’t bear it unless she exposed Countess Dieter publicly, despite the trend of hiding affairs in the social circle.

‘It’s so terrible.’

Lucia didn’t want to ever imagine herself in Countess Ophil’s shoes.

“Why did Countess Dieter invite Countess Ophil to her tea party? Or is it that Countess Ophil went to the party without being invited?”

“Countess Dieter must have been confident that Countess Ophil wouldn’t do such a thing. Afterall, Countess Dieter’s name is much more highly known, and Countess Ophil is usually the type of quiet person that sort of disappears into the background.”

“When a quiet person gets angry, it’s usually scarier.”

“That’s true. Like you, for example.”

Lucia was taken aback when the topic of conversation suddenly turned to her.

“Me? Why?”

“You’re just like that, Vivian. I have no doubt it will be frightening when you get angry. I know I’ve never seen it before, but I know Taran Gong must have experienced it, right? Otherwise, there’s no way he’d live in captivity like that.”

“...What do you mean ‘live in captivity’. There’s nothing of the sort.”

“Nothing? Yeah, right. Everyone knows the Taran men listen to everything the Taran Lady of the House says. Do you know what people say to me? They ask how in the world does the Duchess hold onto her son and husband like that, they want to know the secret. They even hint for me to ask you.”

“...There’s no secret.”

Lucia couldn’t think of any appropriate way to explain so she could give a tiny smile with an awkward expression.

The captured and the capturer. Her relationship with her husband wasn’t one defined by such superiority in position. If you were to compare, Lucia was the one in a thoroughly weaker position. She was a physically weak woman and all the power she had was based on her position as a Duchess which she gained thanks to her husband.

Nevertheless, she truly respected and loved her husband, who was always respectful to her despite that. However, other people analyzed them using their own standards, and interpreted it as they wished.

“You must feel good, my dear younger sister. Your husband hasn’t changed even though you’ve been married for more than ten years.”

“Geez, elder sister.”

Wait, could it be...?

When Lucia looked at her with uneasiness in her eyes, Katherine smiled and shook her head.(1)

“No. It’s just, things aren’t like before. In the past, just seeing his face made my heart tickle. Nowadays though, sometimes I’d prefer for him to come back late, I guess? Or, there are times when it’s more fun to play with the children. Is it not like that for you? Isn’t Eve much more lovely and prettier than your husband?”

“...”

Of course, Evangeline was lovely. Lucia loved her daughter so much that she could even give her life for her. But her love for her husband was different.

The love she felt for both of them were two different kinds and they couldn’t be compared. Her love for Eve made her want to embrace and protect Eve, and her love for him made her want to run into his arms and hold him. She still felt excited and nervous when she was with him and her heart still raced when she heard his voice. When she was nestled in his wide chest, she felt happy.

‘Wow, they’re really such a rare intimate couple.’

Katherine grinned as she watched Lucia turned red in a flash, probably thinking about her husband. It wasn’t like there weren’t any other famous lovebirds in the social circle but there were never any as famous as the Taran couple.

At least to Katherine’s knowledge. Katherine found Lucia’s pureness fascinating every time she saw her. It wasn’t immaturity from being clueless about the world but cleanliness, unstained by dirt. When she met Lucia after being around jaded noblewomen, she felt refreshed, like she was standing on clear water.

Katherine thought to herself that it was difficult for a woman in her late twenties to be as adorable as a young maiden. At the same time, she was suspicious about the Duke of Taran’s ability to protect his wife’s innocence. Katherine sometimes wondered if they even had a proper sex life but she couldn’t ask about the couple’s private life.

Translator’s Corner:

1. If you didn’t get this, Lucia is worried that Katherine might be having issues with her husband.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.2 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(2)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(2)

Katherine was buried in her imagination for a bit, then suddenly, she exclaimed and stood up.

“Wait a minute. I have something to give you.”

Katherine left for a while then she returned with a small box in her hand.

“This is something I bought a while back, but I never wore it.”

Lucia took the box Katherine gave to her and opened it. Inside, was a bunch of white lace that appeared to be lingerie at first glance.

Lucia tilted her head then she carefully lifted out the contents to check what it was. Her face gradually turned red and she hurriedly dropped the contents with fright and slammed the box shut.

“Wh...What is this?”

“I bought it for a once-in-a-lifetime experience but when I got home after going through with the purchase, I found it wasn’t actually to my taste.”

“You want me to wear this? This kind of thing...”

“Thinking that only prostitutes wear this, is a stereotype. There are very few noble women who don’t own an underwear like this.”

“No way...”

It was hard for Lucia to believe that most of the noblewomen who liked to act lofty, actually owned something so indecent.

“I knew it’d be like this.”

Katherine clicked her tongue. The fact that Lucia had been married for over 10 years and never even seen an underwear like this was a problem.

“Younger sister. How many years have you been married? The times when fire is ignited once your eyes meet has passed. In a relationship, both sides should put in effort.”

“...What does this have to do with effort?”

“Of course it had something to do with effort! Do you know what the scariest this is in a marriage? It is marital weariness[1]. That kind of thing has no sign. You don’t even know when it’ll come. By the time you come to your senses, you’re already in that state. It’s at times like this, that the man cheats. Their wife is no longer something new, so their eyes turns to another fresh woman.”

“...”

“That’s why a stimulation is necessary. Show him a fresh, new charm. Men are originally visually weak creatures.”

Katherine tried her best to persuade Lucia, who was still hesitating.

“The lingerie is definitely not something abnormal or strange. I have a few myself. Plus, for your information, the designer of that lingerie is Antoine.”

“An...toine?”

“I might not like Antoine’s dresses but there’s something different about the lingerie she makes. They’re very popular too.”

Lucia had no idea. Antoine had never brought up such a topic to Lucia.

Antoine already had a headache from trying to design a dress that adhered to the Duke of Taran’s standard of a ‘decent dress’. She was afraid of saying something useless to the Duchess and getting on the Duke’s blacklist, so she didn’t even think of mentioning underwear to the Duchess.

* * *

‘Marital weariness?’

Lucia felt oddly uneasy.

‘Now that I think about it, it’s already been years since we got married.’

Enough time had flown by for the world to change. It had already been some time since the freshness she had at 20 disappeared. Soon, another 10 years would go by in a flash, and she would get wrinkles around her eyes.

However, even when she imagined her husband 10 years later, he was still splendid. On the contrary, because he had grown more stylish and imposing, the noblewomen were busy stealing glances at him at official occasions. For some reason, she got angry.

‘He comes back late a lot lately too.’

Lucia looked at the empty space beside her on the bed. He came back late yesterday as well. Even though she knew this time was usually the busiest time of the year, Lucia blamed him as if he was fully responsible for coming back late.

She lay down to sleep, but her mind became even clearer and she kept breathing hard. Then she felt a twinge of pain in her lower abdomen and caressed her stomach. It seemed quite strange, so she went to the bathroom and found a blood smear on her underwear, signifying that her menstruation had begun.

She went back to bed, lay down and chuckled. So this was probably why her feelings were sensitive. After finding out the cause, her mind which was suddenly itself into a rage settled down. Since her mind was at ease, she readily began to feel sleepy.

Lucia sank into a languid state of sleep then she sensed something and woke up. Her husband’s movements as he lay down beside her, had caused the bed to move a little.

“...Did you just come back...?”

“...You’re not sleeping?”

“I was but...”

Before she could say she woke up because she felt movement next to her, he sat up and climbed over. Lucia absentmindedly watched as he kissed her jawline and wove his hands into her nightwear. She blinked her eyes, chasing away her sleepiness. Somehow, seeing him look so excited made her giggle.

Unfortunately, she had no choice but to say something that would disappoint him.

“We can’t. I started today.”

“What...”

He soon understood what she meant and was greatly disappointed. Seeing his blatant disappointment, Lucia chuckled.

“It’s two days early this month, isn’t it?”

Lucia looked at her husband who was more knowledgeable about her menstrual cycle than herself.

“It can a few days early or late.”

“No. You’re almost always regular. Get the doctor to look at you.”

“Why call the doctor for something like this?”

Since he kept urging her, Lucia gave up and agreed to see the doctor tomorrow.

Lucia’s mood soared and she was filled with happiness as she leaned into her husband’s chest, with his strong arms around her back. Marital weariness? It seems she didn’t need to worry about that yet.

It was hard for Hugo to fall asleep as he listened to his wife’s even breathing. It was going to take some time for his heated body to cool down.

‘Dammit.’

Hugo was very annoyed by the thing called menstruation which was experienced by every normal, healthy woman, once a month.

Lucia’s menstruation began about four months after she gave birth. It was a sign that all the effects of the mugwort was gone, and that she was returned to having a normal body.

However, Hugo felt like things had actually gotten worse. When it was around the beginning of her periods, his wife complained of stomachache, and she got on edge. Worst of all, was that he couldn’t touch her for four to five days in a month. If you added the days he came back late and the once-every-five-days exclusion period, it meant he had to live in solitude for more than ten days in a month.

Why?! Why does a woman have to suffer such symptoms for several days in a month?!* He grumbled inwardly till he fell asleep.

* * *

“...The Madam is asleep.”

Today again? At such a time? It’s still early in the evening!

Hugo glared fiercely at his innocent butler.

He had waited four days for his wife’s period to end, then the next day, he unavoidably came back very late so that day was skipped. Moreover, both yesterday and the day before yesterday, his wife was asleep when he came back, even though it wasn’t that late. According to the butler, the dates of the social gatherings his wife had to attend overlapped, so she had been moving from place to place all day. She had to move around and satisfy her schedule.

“My wife’s schedule was packed today as well?”

“Yes, Your Grace. And it seems the busyness has caused her tiredness to accumulate over the past few days.”

Dammit! Hugo spun around. He was at his limit and about to explode. But despite that, as he watched her sleep sweetly, he couldn’t bear to wake her up to satisfy his greed.

Translator’s Corner:

[1] Marital weariness: Can also be called boredom in marriage.

*I think...this is the first time I’m relating to Hugo. For completely different reason though XD

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.3 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(3)

T/N: Warning: From now on, 90% of this side-story is smut. I apologize in advance if you cringe. As always, I have tried my best to make it ‘flow’ as smoothly as possible.

The bundle of letters in the tray that Jerome brought in was thinner than usual. Suspicious, Lucia asked:

“Jerome, is this all?”

“Yes, Milady. These are the ones that arrived this morning.”

“What about yesterday’s? There was none that came yesterday?”

“The ones from yesterday...”

Jerome dragged out his sentence as he remembered the events from yesterday.

After receiving a sudden summon from his master, Jerome went to his master’s office and was given an order from his master.

[The invitations for my wife. Bring them all to me.]

Since none of the mail that came yesterday was a personal letter for the Madam, Jerome didn’t see any need to worry and took everything to his master’s office. When he entered inside, he found his master standing by the blazing fireplace even though the weather wasn’t that cold.

His master held out his hand, as if asking him to bring it over. Somehow, Jerome felt like he could see the fate of the mails and hesitated. Once he handed over the mails, his master poured all of them into the fireplace with no hesitation.

Jerome blankly watched as the letters became triggers for the fire and turned into black ashes. For a while, he stood like his spirit had left his body then he glanced at his master, but his master’s expression was so scary that he withdrew without saying anything.

“Master has burned them.”

“I’m sorry, what?”

Jerome cleared his throat softly and advised his Madam.

“Milady, it seems Master is a little upset. Lately, Milady has been continuously going to sleep first so...”

Lucia’s face flared with heat.

This husband of hers, seriously! She felt too embarrassed to look at the butler’s face.

“Milady, it seems you’ve had a lot of outdoor events for several days now. What do you think about taking a rest today?”

“The appointments I’ve already made...”

“An appointment can be broken in the event of an inevitability.”

As the butler of this house, it was Jerome’s duty to keep the peace of the house.

“...All right. I’ll leave it to you to your discretion.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Lucia was speechless because her husband’s actions were so childish. She laughed in disbelief a few times to herself, then later, she chuckled because he was cute.

‘I suppose a little relaxing will be good?’

As she wondered how to pacify him, she suddenly remembered the gift she had gotten from Katherine. She had taken it but was too embarrassed afterwards, so she didn’t take another look at it. She brought out the box that she had shoved deep inside her drawer.

Lucia stared at the box then she opened the cover in a very careful manner. As soon as she saw the white lingerie in the box, she frowned and carefully examined it, then she brought it out and flipped it back and forth.

Lucia looked around the room to check despite it being empty. She felt anxious and locked the door, even though no one would dare come in without her permission. Then she took off all her clothes and stood in front of the mirror, wearing only the indecent underwear.

‘My god.’

Her face flushed bright red. She couldn’t bear to open her eyes in front of the mirror. But interestingly enough, humans had great adaptability. Lucia looked at herself in the mirror, mumbling about its indecency but after a while, she was looking at the fit of the underwear.

‘I think it’s a little big.’

It was an underwear made to fit Katherine’s body type, so it wasn’t exactly Lucia’s size. A slightly smaller size would suit perfectly and look lovely.

She thought it over, then took it off and changed back into her clothes. The underwear was put back into the box and shoved deep inside her dresser drawer again. And she prepared to go out. Her destination: Antoine’s boutique.

* * *

As he came out of the bathroom, Hugo found his bedroom door wide open from the receiving room. His bedroom door was always closed because he usually never went there. Usually, when he finished his bath, he went straight from the receiving room to his wife’s bedroom.

Feeling puzzled, Hugo went into his bedroom and immediately sensed that there was a person on the bed. Faced with his wife, who was wrapped up in rolls of the blanket with only her head sticking out and a faint smile on her face, he couldn’t help but also smile. He immediately went up to the bed, sat down and neatened his wife’s hair which was scattered as she lay on the sheet.

“And here I thought you were sleeping.”

“Why are you so late?”

Lucia grumbled. He was much later than he said he would be today. She pretended to be asleep and didn’t go out to meet him. And while he was washing up, she snuck into his bedroom.

“Something suddenly came up.”

His fingers paused for a moment before sweeping away the baby hair that fell on her forehead. The sight of his wife’s round forehead was so cute that he unknowingly smiled. Seeing her wrapped up tight in the blanket, he asked:

“Are you cold?”

“...I think it’s a little chilly here.”

“It’s because I don’t really use this place.”

But it’s your bedroom.

But even if it was, he didn’t use it. Because he slept in Lucia’s bedroom. As she realized that, Lucia’s face reddened slightly. He came to her bedroom every time, but it was her first time coming to his bedroom.

Should I just quit now with shame? No, I’ve already come to this point and it’s too late.

While she fought a fierce battle in her heart, he continued to watch her.

He quietly met her gaze and said nothing. Sometimes, he seemed like a stormy downpour and at other times, he seemed like a boundless sea without a single wave. Even just looking at him like this made her feel good. Her heart pounded in her chest.”

“I went to Antoine’s boutique today.”

“You? Personally?”

“Yes, during the day.”

“What wind blew in today?”[1]

“I uhh...Well, I bought something recommended to me there...and I want to show you.”

“You must have liked it.”

“They said you would like it.”

“Me?”

“Wanna see?”

“Sure. I’ll come back early tomorrow so show me then.”

“No. I mean now.”

“Now?”

“I’m wearing it, you see.”

His eyes narrowed and he briefly glanced over Lucia who was wrapped up in the blanket like a caterpillar.

“I’m sure the dress will wrinkle if you stay like that.”

“...it’s not a dress.”

“...”

He looked at Lucia with an expression that made it impossible to tell what he was thinking. The sensitive herbivore, Lucia instinctively sensed a subtle danger. Something didn’t seem right. She held the blanket tight and quietly snuck backwards. His hand held her back as she moved, as if blocking her movement.

She hadn’t done anything wrong nor was he angry in any way. But somehow, Lucia felt nervous as she looked into his red eyes. When he grabbed the blanket around her, a gasp unwittingly left her mouth.

“You said you’d show me.”(Hugo)

“Uhh...Mmm. You...you can see it later.” (Lucia)

“Weren’t you going to show me now? You said I would like it.”

“I’m not sure. She talked big about refunding me if you didn’t like it so...”

In addition, Antoine added that no one had ever asked for a refund before.

“Such great confidence, huh. Then we should verify it.”

Lucia gripped the blanket tight in resistance as he tugged on it. Even so, if he used enough force, she wouldn’t be able to win but it looked like he didn’t have such thought as he only used the amount of strength that Lucia could fight against. Lucia gave up on playing cat and mouse with him. Anyway, she hid in his bedroom in the first place because she intended to show him so hiding her body now seemed sort of ridiculous.

“...Move aside for a bit. I’ll show you.”

Once he moved his arm aside, Lucia slipped away. She came down from the bed, still wrapped up in the backed and turned away from him. Meanwhile, he stared at her from his seat on the bed.

Lucia recalled what Antoine said earlier.

[The atmosphere. The atmosphere is the key! Like you’re trying to seduce. Get it?]

Antoine laughed and said it would be fine to just act like usual, but Lucia couldn’t answer and just smiled. She didn’t know how to act like she was ‘trying to seduce’.

Lucia hesitated for a while, then with her back facing him, she let go of the blanket she was holding. The blanket softly fell to her feet and felt the cold air of the chilly bedroom. She slowly turned her face and body to face him, half-way. He was staring at her, without the slightest movement. Lucia’s momentary state of calm fled her, and she felt rather embarrassed.

Suddenly, he approached her in a flash, pushed her onto the bed, climbed over her and pounced on her lips. His flesh parted her lips and greedily invaded her mouth, ravaging inside. His hand supported the back of her neck, deepening their kiss.

Lucia shut her eyes tight and lost herself in his kiss, which was caressing every corner of her mouth. She felt a thrill rising from her back. He took his lips away for a split second before covering her lips again. He repeated this over and over again. As she barely followed to catch her breath, Lucia felt like it was her whole body being eaten up, not her lips. It was only when her head grew dizzy that his lips moved away. As she looked at him through hazy eyes, Lucia mumbled:

“I guess...I don’t need a refund.”

Translator’s Corner:

[1] What wind blew in today: a saying when someone does something unexpected.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.4 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(4)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(4)

Hugo laughed upon hearing what she said. He lowered himself, his weight pressing down on her. Then he whispered in her ear.

“You miss the point.”

“...What?”

“I’m crazy about you even without this.”

So don’t make me anymore crazier, he whispered in a low, dangerous voice and brought his lips to Lucia’s neck. He kissed and sucked on it, making it sting. She moaned slightly and he licked her gently.

She couldn’t move like she caught in a trap. She felt like a prey caught in the jaws of a beast. Her whole body felt so sensitive that the mere sensation of him sweeping past her inner thighs made her ache and moan.

‘Strange...’

The underwear was supposed to be for exciting and seducing the man, but she was the one excited instead. Her body felt more sensitive than usual, it ached, she felt short of breath and her eyes burned with heat.

Lucia didn’t know this but the underwear she wore was slightly imbued with a fragrance that functioned as a kind of aphrodisiac. It was small but its effect was absorbed into the skin. It wasn’t that Antoine didn’t tell her deliberately but that this was a function normally imbued in this type of underwear, so she just didn’t talk about it and Lucia had absolutely no idea.

Hugo bit her breast, covered by the see-through lace underwear, and soon noticed that there was something there because of the subtle taste. But for someone like him who wasn’t affected by a considerable dose, this kind of aphrodisiac had no effect on him. He guessed that his wife probably didn’t know this was on it when she wore it and swallowed a laugh.

As he licked her collarbone, trailing up to her nape, she shook in surprised and sobbed. She was definitely more sensitive than usual. Perhaps she also realized that something was strange because her face was filled with puzzlement. Seeing that, Hugo felt sorry, and at the same time, he felt like laughing.

However, it wasn’t an unfair situation. Afterall, he was already heated up from head to toe by the aphrodisiac that was his wife, herself.

He bit her nipple which was protruding from the lace. When he bit it a little harder, she uttered a cry. He took her breast into his mouth, sucking on it and she moan while crying at the same time.

Well, well. Seeing as she was so weak to this level of playful teasing, she was completely intoxicated. If he told her about the underwear, she would probably turn red from head to toe and refused to lift her head. When he imagined that sight, he felt amused.

Should he act like he didn’t know? Or tease her a little? While he snickered inside, his mouth was busy with her breast and his hand kept caressed her waist and thighs. As he watched her react so vividly, he grew more and more excited.

The lace on her chest was wet with his saliva. But as expected, he loved the feeling of her bare skin. He grabbed the front of her lace and ripped it apart.* Then he took her quivering nipple into his mouth again.

“Hk...Uuuee.”

Every time he rolled his tongue around her nipple and suckled on her breast, the curve of her back tingled. Lucia felt like she would scream whenever she opened her mouth, so she turned her head and blocked her mouth with the back of her hand. Everywhere he touched tingled so much that it hurt.

He grabbed her wrist, removing her hand from blocking her mouth then he held her jaw, turning her to face him and kissed her. Lucia’s vision flickered as his heated kiss rummaged through her mouth and she closed her eyes. The skillful movements of his tongue made her unable to think straight.

Hugo softly sucked on her swollen lower lip then he separated their lips and planted a deep kiss on her neck.

Something was missing. The area between her legs itched and throbbed. Lucia couldn’t help but twist her body, wringing her legs together. The only thought on her mind was cooling down this heat somehow.

He clicked his tongue and squeezed his leg between her legs again. His thigh pressed against her groin.

“Did you know?”

He bit her ear and whispered to her.

“That the underwear you’re wearing is open down there.”

Despite being in a daze, Lucia’s face turned hot. Of course, she knew. That’s why she was so freaked out at first. It was an underwear that wasn’t even faithful to its job as an underwear.

So even though she still had the underwear on, her private part was directly touching his thigh. His thigh began to slowly move up, rubbing against the exposed crevice.

“Hnng!”

The stimulation caused Lucia to lift her waist. She felt embarrassed to death. But she felt like it wasn’t enough. She needed a greater stimulation. As if reading her mind, his thigh moved again.

“Hn...ah! aah! ang!”

He moved his thigh up and down on her flesh as if hammering into her center. The stimulation from the friction caused fluid to flow from her nether regions and his thigh rubbing against her grew slippery and wet.

“Ah!!!”

Her sight flicked, flashing between brightness and darkness. Her waist shot up for a moment before falling down. The short, intense climax made Lucia feel listless for a moment.

But her satisfaction did not last long. She still throbbed with heat somewhere inside. She wanted him to enter her. She longed for his big, hard flesh to fill her up to the brim and stir her up. Lucia let out a breath and licked her lips. She felt like some part of her head had turned strange.

Hugo raised his torso then he held her arms and lifted her.

“You do it.”

Eh...?

Lucia looked at him with wide eyes. He leaned against the pillow and sat back on the bed. As she looked into his red eyes that seemed to be aflame, he frowned slightly and beckoned to her.

“Come here.”

Lucia slowly lowered her gaze and saw his huge thing standing erect and turned away with a start. She felt like she could hear his mischievous laughter.

Her whole body felt feverish and her heart felt like it would burst out of her chest, but she couldn’t bear the urge to glance at his erect manhood again. She gulped unknowingly.

“I said come here. You have to move if you want something. You want to put it in, don’t you?”

She glared at her husband, who was saying lecherous things. She subconsciously licked her dry lips. Feeling his fierce gaze on her, Lucia’s eyes crinkled as her lips curved into a smile. Seeing him look restless like he would pounce on her at any moment, Lucia spoke.

“Don’t move.”

When she saw him freeze in place, Lucia gave an even more sly smile.

“You’re not allowed to move.”

Lucia approached him on his knees. She couldn’t move her eyes from his member, which seemed to be showing off its presence. The sight of his thing standing upright was unbelievably indecent. But as she kept looking at it, she got goosebumps and the area between her legs ached and squeezed. She reached out and held it with her hands. He seemed to flinch in that moment. Lucia lowered her head like she was spellbound and put her lips to the tip.

“Eu...”

When she heard his moan, she felt ecstatic. The male scent coming from the thing touching her mouth made her feel dizzy. She opened her small mouth and took the round end into her mouth. The slightly fishy taste didn’t bother her.** Then she took it deep into her mouth and rolled her tongue around.

“Huu...”

He breathed hard and reached out, holding onto her with his fingers woven into her hair. He sluggishly closed his eyes, immersed in the pleasure of her hot, wet mouth on his thing then he opened his eyes, capturing the provocative sight before him. The sight of her taking his member in her mouth like candy was incredibly erotic.

“...Stop.”

He grabbed Lucia’s arm and pulled her into his arms. Lucia’s pulled frame landed on his thighs, and she looked up at him with her hands on his bare chest.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.5 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(5)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(5)

It seemed like there was a fire burning in his red eyes. There was no smile on his face. But he wasn’t expressionless either. Lucia liked seeing this look on his face. His gaze, filled with desire, excited her.

Lucia grabbed his arm around her waist and took it off. His brows furrowed in discontent and she straightened the wrinkles on his forehead.

“I said don’t move.”

Lucia slowly moved her hand on his firm chest, caressing it. His whole body was firm with muscle. Every time she saw his naked body, Lucia thought it was truly beautiful.

She nuzzled her head under his jaw and kissed his neck. Just like he did to her, she slowly trailed down his neck with her lips, going down his shoulders and chest, tickling him with her tongue. She stroked his firm skin, enjoying the feeling in her hands.

“...I still can’t move?”

His voice was murky and subdued.

Lucia hummed a refusal. She was absorbed with caressing him. When she sucked on the protrusion on his chest, his breathing became rough. It was fun and she was also excited by his reaction. She could somehow understand why he liked to bite and lick her whole body.

A strong force suddenly gripped her chin and a pair of lips covered hers. His patience had finally reached its limit. His feverish tongue ploughed through her lips and fiercely traced the innards of her mouth.

“Ng...Hnn.”

Lucia closed her eyes and let herself sink into his kiss. He grabbed Lucia by the butt and lifted her up. The moment their lips separated, he pulled her down by the waist, to meet his erect member.

“Aak!”

“Keuk...”

Rough moans escaped from both of their mouths. In a single motion, he penetrated all the way to the hilt and the two of them became one.

Lucia gasped for breath as she took in his entirety and waited for his movements to continue. But unlike usual, he did not move. She took in a restless breath and looked at him. His blazing red eyes were oddly smiling.

How detestable; he was harassing her for no reason. She began to move following her instincts. His breathing went into disarray that moment. The feeling was electrifying so Lucia moved her hips slowly while watching him.

When she lifted her butt a little, sat down and moved her body forward, he moaned under his breath. Finding that somehow interesting, Lucia began to move more aggressively. At first, it was fun to stimulate him then gradually, she began to get stimulated. However, the coming stimulation wasn’t as satisfactory as when he was the one moving.

Lucia threw her head back, closed her eyes, and moved diligently searching for satisfaction.

Hugo moaned and he watched her move diligently on him, his throat grew drier. The sight of her moving slowly while biting her lips with a slight frown on her face was both erotic and cute. She was being active in her own way but maybe she was scared because she only pecked at the entrance without daring to do anything else.

Just being inside her felt good but his body begged for a stronger stimulus. He couldn’t bear it anymore, so he grabbed her waist and lifted it up.

“Ah!”

Her inner flesh gripped him tight, overcome by the sudden stimulation. He lifted her waist up and down, continuously. She mewled loudly and leaned backwards. He let her fall to the bed and rammed in powerfully. He grabbed her thighs and pressed against her as if going to fold her body in half then he began to thrust into her intensely.

“A-ung! Ah!”

A sharp scream continuous cut through the air. Her tender insides latched onto him and clenched and unclenched repeatedly, squeezing him so tight that it hurt.

“Ahh!!”

“Uk...”

As she reached her climax, her body reacted violently. He couldn’t win against the stimulation of tight grip of her inner walls and ejaculated inside her. He swallowed the curse climbing up his throat. He could feel the pleasure raising the hairs on the back of his neck, but he had wanted to hold back and do it later.

He grabbed her lethargic frame and pulled her to his chest. He sat her to face him and kissed her eyes, lips, ears and neck over and over again.

His manhood, still buried inside her, regained vigor and began to get hard again. Feeling the pressure of his thing getting bigger and filling her up to the brim, Lucia uttered a moan.

The night was still long.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 4.6 - DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(6)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

DAILY LIFE OF THE DUCAL COUPLE(6)

T/N: Slight trigger warning. Read with caution.

Lucia woke up rather late, and when she opened her eyes, she idly thought that the bedroom seemed stranger than usual, then she remembered that this was her husband’s bedroom. She couldn’t see her husband anywhere. Perhaps the fireplace had been lit because the room was warm unlike yesterday.

She blinked her eyes, buried deep inside the blanket then she lazily got up. Her whole body felt listless and heavy.

She felt like they had really set a record last night. After all, they had gone to sleep around when the sun was dimly rising. Like she had taken a stimulant, Lucia didn’t fall asleep as easily as usual. And maybe thanks to that, he didn’t even think of letting her go. Because of this, Lucia came to a realization. All this while, whenever she fell asleep, her husband also stopped.

As the blanket came off, cold air hit her body. She was naked. As she wondered where her underwear was, she remembered the lingerie from yesterday and heat rose to her face.

She turned around and found the lingerie in question, lying neatly on the bedside table. She picked it to check it and her mouth fell open. It had totally become a rag.

When the door suddenly opened, Lucia was startled and quickly dragged the blanket to cover herself. Her husband entered the room, fully dressed like he would be going out soon.

In that moment, Lucia felt like she had gained the power to see through things(1). She could see the tight muscles on his broad chest even though he was wearing a shirt. The sweat flowing down his chest caught her eyes, suddenly shimmering before her. Even as he approached and perched on the bed, Lucia couldn’t look straight at him.

“Y-You haven’t left yet?”

“I’ll be going soon.”

He gazed at her with a mysterious look in his eyes then he picked something up and seeing the rag in his fingers, Lucia screamed inwardly. He chuckled, looking at Lucia, who couldn’t meet his eyes at all, then he put his hand down again.

“...How could you tear it up like that. Do you know how much it cost...”

“Hmm. So you planned on wearing this again?”

“Eh? N...No. Not that. I mean, I’m just saying.”

The sight of her babbling away in embarrassment was so pretty that Hugo couldn’t help but lower his head and plant a light kiss on her lips.

“Um...yesterday...was it okay?”

“Be more specific.”

“Uh...I mean...was it better than usual or something like that.”

He burst into laughter.

“What did you think? Was it better than usual?”

“Ah...it was a little...embarrassing.”

Then Lucia added in a small voice, ‘the usual is just fine.’ His gaze turned deep as he looked at her white cheeks stained with red. Once again, he pecked at Lucia’s lips. It lasted a bit longer than the previous one, but it was still a light kiss.

“I already said this before but I’m crazy enough about you even without such things.”

He lifted her chin with a finger and kissed her again. This time, he sucked on her lower lips for a long time.

“I don’t think you knew, but there’s an aphrodisiac on your underwear. From the looks of it, you’re quite sensitive to drugs, so don’t wear it anymore.”

“An aphrodisiac?”

Lucia’s eyes widened with a start. And then remembering how she was unusually sensitive last night and didn’t fall asleep unlike before, she was convinced. And she also remembered Antoine’s face, confidently claiming that these things had never been returned.

“...By the way, how do you know this?”

“The taste. I’ve been trained to distinguish between all sorts of poison, so I can tell when something tastes strange.”

Lucia held her burning face. She had basically worn an indecent underwear and ran to her husband, drunk on aphrodisiac. Hugo chuckled, seeing her face so red it looked like it would burst.

“Now, I wonder where you heard this strange talk from.”

“Huh?”

“Whenever you do something unusual, that’s usually the case, isn’t it? I told you, didn’t I? Don’t listen to what those women say.”

Lucia pursed her lips. What exactly is the range for ‘those women’? Inwardly, she grumbled, your wife isn’t such a refined lady, you know.

“...They said I should be careful. So...”

“Careful? About what.”

“...Marital boredom.”

“...Ugh, seriously.”

Hugo clicked his tongue in disbelief. Marital boredom? How was that even possible, even now there wasn’t the slightest hint of it. His heart was more passionate for her with every day that passed. Today more than yesterday and tomorrow more than today. It was to the extent that he feared the heat of the passion swallowing him up.

“So? Do you think we have marital boredom? Are you tired of me?”

Lucia stared at him. Somehow, she felt like this was usually a question asked by a woman.

As Lucia kept staring at him silently, his expression gradually became more threatening. Seeing his changing expression, Lucia felt a surge of mischief and acted like she was seriously thinking about it.

“Hmm...you know...”

“Vivian!”

Lucia burst out laughing and kissed him lightly on the lips.

“I love you.”

Seeing that his expression was fully relaxed, she kissed his again.

“I love you very very much.”

He held the back of her neck and covered her small lips with his, like he was replying in this manner. His tongue entered deep into her mouth, sweeping through her soft flesh. When the long, sticky kiss came to an end, both of them sucked in a low breath.

“...Let’s do it once.”

“What?”

Hugo flung away the blanket and flipped her over in one move.

“You...You said you were going out!”

“Why’d you have to provoke me then?”

“When did...Kyaa!”

He grabbed her ankles and like that, pulled her down. Her legs hovered at the bottom of the bed as she lay face-down on the bed while he held her waist and lifted her butt.

When he heavily entered from behind, Lucia let out a scream. She didn’t even have the time to breathe properly. He moved out then he thrust in all the way to the hilt again.

“Uk...Hng. Wa...Wait...”

He didn’t even listen to her pleas. Mercilessly, he rammed into her, over and over again. He roughly penetrated deep inside her innards that was still excited from taking him all night. Her sensitive flesh clung tight to his firmness.

It hurt. And at the same time, her sight flickered due giddiness. He was different from his usual self, he didn’t caress or soothe her. As if fucking her was his purpose, he focused only on that. Her face was buried in the sheets and every time his thighs hit her butt, her entire body shook.

“Hk! A little slower...”

She reached behind her, trying to grab his thigh and push him out. But no matter what she did or said, she couldn’t stop him from driving in relentlessly.

Her lewd body quickly got wet, making a path for him as if asking him to enter deeper. A hot thing rode along the path, rummaging inside her.

He feverishly drilled into her from behind, his breathing not wavering in the slightest. Every time a firm rod slammed into her, she felt like she couldn’t breathe. His manhood entered deep inside her, piercing and stirring up her spasming walls before leaving.

“Ah! Ahhk!”

Lucia cried out, the dizziness overwhelming her. It felt like her entire body was hit with a strong stimulus.

Just when she thought she couldn’t endure anymore, he bit her neck and ejaculated inside her. She thought he would continue to persist like he usually did, so she was thankful. The powerful thrust into her, the stinging pain at the back of her neck, and the hot liquid spreading inside her gave Lucia a sense of pleasure that almost drove her unconscious.

Her whole body trembled minutely. As he kissed her shoulders a few times, he slowly pulled out of her. Lucia fought for breath, unable to move. The only thought on her mind was ‘what is this?’. There were times when he was rough, but this was the first time he fucked her like a savage beast.

“I’ll head out.”

He whispered in her ear.

Even after he left and the door closed, Lucia lay blankly on the bed for quite a long time, her whole body filled with tingles. After a good while passed, she slowly raised her body. You couldn’t call that sex anything but instinctual. It felt like her soul was being sucked out.

There was still a side of him that she didn’t know. She held her reddening cheeks. She felt very ashamed because her heart was pounding; not because she discovered her man’s romantic charm but because of his lust that was closer to instinctual.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 5.1 - Where Dream and Reality Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (1)

The brooch Lucia planned to give Hugo as a birthday present took much longer than she expected to be completed. The craftsman who sketched the design was injured in a sudden accident and had to stop working for a while.

The jeweler sent a letter explaining the situation and stated that they could hand over the design to another craftsman if it was needed urgently.

Lucia considered it for a while, but for some reason, she didn’t want to have another craftsman in charge of making it. So she decided to leave the design to the original craftsman even if she had to wait longer.

Just when she had almost forgotten about it, the completed brooch was delivered to the mansion.

Lucia placed the brooch wrapped in luxurious velvet on the table and press her hand on her turbulent heart to regulate her breathing. Then she carefully picked it up, like it was a very precious treasure, and brought it closer to her face.

‘I’m right. It’s the same.’

Lucia didn’t make any other further requests of the craftsman nor did she ask the craftsman to add anything at all. She only left it to the craftsman and waited. In other words, the brooch was completely the craftsman’s creative work.

Despite that, it looked exactly like the item that Lucia kept for many years in her dream. No matter how she looked at it, even when she closed her eyes to remember, it looked the same. As she stared at the item in her hand, she felt like she was going back and forth between dream and reality.

‘Was this originally his...?’

If that was the case, then she really had no idea how his thing found its way into her jewelry box.

Lucia didn’t have any relationship with him in her dream. She had really never touched his collar even once. And as for him, he probably didn’t even remember that someone like her existed. In her dream, he was someone completely out of her reach.

Jerome carefully approached her as she was lost in thought.

“Milady. The two young masters are back.”

“Only the kids are back?”

Lucia wrapped the brooch in velvet again and put it in the box.

“Yes. I only saw the two of them come down from the carriage.”

“He didn’t say he would be returning late today...”

Lucia gave the box to her maid and told the maid to take it to her bedroom, then she left the receiving room.

* * *

Damian entered the mansion and a smile bloomed on his face as he watched the girl who was rushing down from the second floor. He was ready to hug his sister, running to him with her dazzling golden hair fluttering behind her. Damian opened his arms, but his sister betrayed his expectations.

Evangeline came to a stop just a few steps away from Damian and screamed at him.

“Elder brother, did you stop Jude from coming?!”

Evangeline’s pearly cheeks were flushed red. Her expression wasn’t that a cute sister joyfully greeting her returning brother but of fury and indignation.

The unfamiliar look on his younger sister’s face made Damian pause and he couldn’t say anything. Because he was so taken aback, he didn’t even really hear what Evangeline said.

“Eve.”

“I heard elder brother stopped Jude from coming here! Did you really do that?”

Seeing the raging figure of the girl before him, Damian searched his mind for why his sister was angry.

Jude. He felt the boy was now much older, so it wasn’t right to keep allowing them to behave so familiar, which is why he advised his parents to restrict the boy’s access. His father agreed with him on that and when his father chose to do something, his mother usually respected his father’s will.

Damian didn’t personally block Jude’s visits, but it was true he played a decisive role in making it happen.

“...Yeah. I told father he should.”

Despite her anger, Evangeline wanted to believe that her brother wouldn’t do such a thing but hearing this, her expression frozen with shock.

“Why? Why can’t I play with Jude?”

“Eve. You and Jude aren’t children anymore, you cannot keep playing together forever.”

“Why aren’t you allowing my friend to come to our house? I’ve never told any of your friends not to come here. I like big brother Chris and big brother Bruno too, but why does elder brother hate Jude?”

Even though Evangeline finally called his name properly, Bruno unfortunately couldn’t be happy about it because of the current situation. As he watched the thunderous war-like atmosphere between the two brother and sister, Bruno slowly stepped backwards. He didn’t want to be caught up in it for no reason. He certainly didn’t want to be tied to Damian and draw Evangeline’s hate.

“It’s not because I hate Jude, Eve. There’s a reason why this was necessary. If you just get angry like this, we can’t really talk properly.”

“I won’t talk! I hate you!”

“Evangeline.”

A firm voice cut off the girl’s angry cries. Evangeline turned her head with a start. Her lips trembled when she saw her mother not smiling at all. Whenever her mother scolded her, she always called her Evangeline instead of Eve.

“What is this rude behavior towards your brother?”

Lucia had raised Evangeline relatively freely. She didn’t enforce formal attire like it was commonly done for noble young misses, nor did she make her practice covering her mouth modestly when she laughed.

Instead of that, she thoroughly enforced education in etiquette and manners. Her daughter’s act of screaming and throwing a tantrum at her older brother, who was much older than her, in front of the servants, was something completely against Lucia’s education philosophy.

“Apologize to your brother and go to your room.”

Evangeline bit her lips and lowered her head. Her mother usually didn’t get angry but when she was scolding someone, she was strict. Most of the time when Evangeline was scolded, she admitted her fault. But not this time. What her elder brother did was far more wrong than rude behavior towards him.

Lucia frowned, seeing that her daughter was stubbornly insisting on keeping her mouth shut.

“Evangeline.”

“...”

When Lucia said ‘Evangeline’ one more time, with anger seeping into her voice, Evangeline abruptly lifted her head.

“I’m not at fault. Why are you only like this to me, Mother?”

Lucia was really caught off-guard by her daughter’s reply. She suddenly couldn’t think of anything to say and just stared at her daughter.

“Eve.”

Damian cut in with a fixed expression. Damian didn’t care if his sister yelled at him or anything, but he couldn’t just watch her act rude to their mother.

“How can you talk to Mother like that?”

Attacked from both sides, Evangeline had nowhere to escape. Tears began to fill the girl’s amber eyes.

Bruno’s hand subconsciously moved, wanting to wipe the child’s tears, then he quietly brought it down. Even though they were staying together as a family, his fundamental circumstances didn’t allow him to cross the family border. So he had no choice but to simply watch a situation like today’s unfold.

Evangeline’s shoulders heaved as she began to cry. She shut her mouth, as if showing her stubbornness while tears fell from her eyes.

Although Lucia was taken aback by her daughter’s defiance, she felt sad to watch her sob her heart out. But even if that was the case, she couldn’t just let this behavior pass over like this.

Damian sighed heavily as he alternated gazes between his troubled mother and the crying Evangeline. Normally, Damian was the one hugging and appeasing Evangeline, but right now, he couldn’t do anything.

‘I should have talked to Evangeline first and made sure she fully understood before talking to my parents.’

Damian chided himself for his actions that ultimately hurt Evangeline.

Evangeline was crying while Lucia and Damian were helplessly trying to figure out how to solve this situation. A servant hesitated upon sensing the mood in the air but eventually relayed the news.

“Master...has arrived.”

When she saw that her husband had returned, Lucia felt it was actually good timing. She couldn’t retreat first in this scenario and she didn’t want to hurt her daughter by pushing her even more.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 5.2 - Where Dream and Reality Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (2)

“What’s going on?”

As soon Hugo stepped inside, he sensed the unusual atmosphere in the house. And he found his daughter crying, with the rims of her eyes and nose red. Her amber eyes that were like her mother’s were filled with tears and when she met his eyes, her shoulders shook even more.

It was both loveable and pitiful. With a faint smile on his face, Hugo bent down and stretched out his arms to his daughter. Evangeline glanced at her brother and mother once, then she slowly walked to her father. As she wiped her flowing tears with the back of her hand, her steps towards her father gradually grew faster. Evangeline ran into her father’s arms and threw her arms around his neck.

“Waaaaaa!!”

Hugo gently patted his daughter’s back as she sobbed on his shoulders. He hugged Evangeline and stood up before turning to look at his wife. He nodded at her, telling her to leave this to him then he headed to the receiving room.

Who knew how such a small body was pouring out so much tears, but Hugo’s neck was quickly soaked as his daughter buried her face in it. He sat down on the receiving room couch with his daughter in his arms and simply patted her back, not saying anything and just letting her cry as much as she wanted.

When the child’s cries turned to snivels, Hugo asked his daughter.

“Do you want water?”

Evangeline nodded her head. Hugo got up, still carrying her, walked to the table, poured out some water and brought it to her lips. Evangeline quickly gulped down the water while hiccuping from the aftermath of crying.

Hugo returned to the couch, sat down, then he spoke to his daughter who was sulkily sitting on his lap.

“Eve.”

“...”

“You don’t want to tell me what’s going on?”

Evangeline shook her head.

“...Elder brother...stopped Jude from coming.”

“Damian drove Jude away?”

“Jude didn’t come. But I heard elder brother made him not to come.”

Hugo was able to grasp the entire situation with her brief explanation. He had gotten increasing skilled in doing this as he raised his young daughter who wished to express many things with her limited but sufficient vocabulary.

He remembered telling his wife not to allow the boys into the ducal residence anymore. And when he said that, his wife had told him:

[You can’t just stop the children from playing together all of a sudden. If you forcibly take Eve’s friend away from her, she’ll be hurt. Let me try to make Eve understand even if it takes some time.]

He felt his wife had a point, so he told her to do as she saw fit. There was no way his wife would unilaterally stop Jude from coming to visit without talking to Evangeline. And even if Jude was truly restricted from visiting, it had no relation to Damian. Hugo thought Eve had misunderstood something.

“Eve, did you ask your mother why Jude didn’t come to see you?”

“...No.”

“Your brother didn’t do it.”

“Elder brother said he did it.”

“Then Damian is also mistaken. Damian can’t stop Jude from coming to visit. Only your mother and I can. I have never stopped Jude from coming here, and your mother had never done so as well.”

“...”

“Did you cry because you were upset Jude didn’t come?”

“...I...yelled at elder brother...and...mother got angry...”

Seeing Evangeline slurring the end of her sentence and hesitating, Hugo sensed that there was something more to it than just crying because she was scolded by her mother.

“And?”

“...I talked back to mother.”

Oh dear. Hugo chuckled. He might have to placate his wife next after his daughter.

“Eve. You have to apologize to your mother for acting rude to her, and you also have to tell your brother you’re sorry for misunderstanding him. Okay?”

“...Okay.”

* * *

When her husband carried her daughter to the receiving room and the cries slowly petered out, Lucia heaved a sigh of relief. She realized her daughter who she only fought to raise up well, had now reached the age to confront her and express her own opinions. It was an admirable but lonely feeling.

“It’s my fault, mother. It seems she’s angry because she can’t play with Jude.”

“Jude? What about Jude?”

“Didn’t you take measures to stop Jude from coming here anymore?”

“No. If you suddenly separate two children who’ve always played together, it will hurt them both, so I was going to give it some time and make them both understand. Today, Jude didn’t come but I was not notified about it and this had never before. I was about to send someone to the Marquis residence to see if anything has happened. I guess Eve heard something strange somewhere.”

Displeasure flashed in Lucia’s eyes. For a young child to get such news, it was very obvious where the source came from. It was the close servants waiting on her. Lucia had always instructed them to be careful with what they say around the child. It seems she couldn’t just let this incident pass. She had to imbue caution into the servants once again and severely scold whoever was responsible for spreading this rumor.

“Even though you’re innocent, you became the target for Eve’s anger.”(Lucia)

“No. Eve is right. I don’t have the right to stop Eve’s friend from coming to our house.”(Damian)

“If you don’t have the right, then who does? You did it because you’re worried for Eve. Go up and get some rest. I will sent Eve to apologize to you later.”

“I don’t think you need...”

“Wrong is wrong, Damian. You cannot just accept everything Eve does. Both you and your father, you only know how to say she’s pretty. I’m worried she’ll grow spoiled at this rate.”

Damian didn’t agree with his mother’s worries. He believed Eve would grow into a lady more thoughtful, lovely and beautiful than anyone else.

‘Afterall, she is mother’s daughter.’

* * *

Damian lifted his head at the sound of someone knocking on his door. It was obvious who it was, so Damian told them to come in with a smile on his lips.

The door opened and Evangeline poked her head in through the crack of the door. It seems she planned to carefully look around the room but found herself staring straight at Damian who was looking at the open door.

Evangeline flinched in surprise, then she hesitantly entered the room with a bashful smile. The rims of her eyes were still reddish due to her crying earlier. Damian’s chest squeezed with pain as he was once again reminded of the sight of his sister crying before.

“I’m sorry.”

Evangeline was startled to hear Damian’s apology since she had come here to apologize to him. Evangeline stared at Damian, her eyes asking why he was apologizing to her.

“I’m sorry for telling our parents that Jude shouldn’t come anymore, Eve.”

“...But it wasn’t your fault that Jude didn’t come today.”

“I know. But I still insisted on what I thought without even talking to you. Next time, I will definitely talk to you first.”

“...Nn. I’m sorry too, for yelling at you. I was wrong.”

The two of them reconciled pretty quickly.

Evangeline skipped down the stairs in a happy mood. Her mother was tough sometimes, but Evangeline really loved her mother a lot. She held a book in her hand, wanting her mother to read it to her.

It seemed like Evangeline was going to jump into the receiving room, but she quickly stopped when she looked inside the open door. Her parents sat side by side on the sofa. She couldn’t hear what the both of them were talking about. Her mother’s face was filled with smiles, and her father was looking at her mother with very affectionate eyes.

Her mother said something, and her father smiled then kissed her mother’s lips. This was a sight Evangeline had seen several times already, so after seeing the familiar affectionate sight of her parents, she turned around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 5.3 - WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (3)
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (3)

As Bruno was heading down to the first floor, he discovered Evangeline sitting down at the corner of the staircase. The sight of the girl resting her chin on her small hand seemed serious.

He got worried she might still be in a bad mood, so he approached her carefully. When he quietly sat down next to her, Eve turned around slightly and from what he could tell, she seemed okay.

“Eve.”

Evangeline glanced at Bruno then she turned back again and sighed deeply, like a tired old man.

Bruno pressed his lips together to stop himself from laughing. The serious look on her face was so cute that he just wanted to hug her.

“Why do you look down? Are you still mad at Damian? Do you want me to scold him for you?”

“No. I’ve made up with big brother Damian.”

“Then what is it?”

“Pretty big brother.”

“...Hm?”

“I wish I had someone who likes me the most.”

“What? Of course, there’s someone who likes you the most, Eve. Both your parents and Damian, they love you a lot.”

“No, I know that. But Father loves mother the most. And big brother Damian loves mother more.”

“...”

Caught off-guard, Bruno couldn’t say anything. And he couldn’t reply that it was not just Evangeline complaining.

The Taran family’s father and son were both in the very tight grasp of the Taran Lady of the House. But it didn’t mean they didn’t love Evangeline. The familial love for Evangeline, and the other form of love for the Duchess were both absolute. Since Bruno could sense this, it was hardly possible that Evangeline couldn’t. On the contrary, because she was a child, she was more sensitive to it.

“Big brother, you like mother more than me too, don’t you?”

“Eve.”

Bruno didn’t know what to do. He wondered how best to explain this in a way that wouldn’t hurt Eve’s feelings.

“You can’t compare who like who more when it comes to this. Eve, can you say you like one of your parents more than the other?”

Evangeline was quiet for a while then she muttered.

“...Jude isn’t like that.”

“Jude isn’t like what?”

“Jude said he likes me more. He said he likes me way more than his mom and my mom.”

Bruno lip’s twitched upwards crookedly. That little rascal.

“And so you like Jude?”

“Mn.”

Ha, Bruno snorted. And he remembered the affable smile of Jude, the younger brother of his friend, Chris.

‘We shouldn’t underestimate him because he’s a child.’

Didn’t he sneakily ask Eve to marry him? He had thought it was just something an immature little boy said without really knowing what it was, but perhaps the boy’s intention was more cunning than he thought.*

Even if he was Chris’s little brother, Bruno couldn’t leave his precious little sister to be eaten up. Bruno’s fighting spirit burned against Jude.

“Then I will be the one Eve likes the most.”

Bruno smiled meltingly as he watched his sister’s eyes open wide. It was a sweet smile that might have caused the young ladies who were always peeking at him to faint from ecstasy if they saw it.

“Or do you like Jude but not me?”

Evangeline quickly shook her head. Then she grinned softly with rose cheeks.

How cute, Bruno rubbed Evangeline’s small head then he picked up the book next to her and stood up.

“Let’s go upstairs. I’ll read it to you.”

“Mn!”

Evangeline took Bruno’s held out hand with excitement.

“But big brother. You’re really so pretty. You’re prettier than Patricia.”

Evangeline was still too young to fall for Bruno’s charming smile. So she expressed her appreciation from the viewpoint of a child. Patricia was a lovely princess doll that Evangeline cherished.

“...”

Bruno knew it was a compliment, but he let out a sigh. His complex mood couldn’t really be described as pleasant. He prayed for the day Evangeline would remove the title ‘pretty’ from his name.

* * *

“They say kids only listen when they’re kids.”

Hugo pulled her close and squeezed her shoulders. His large hand gently stroked her back.

“Are you still unhappy? Eve apologized and said she was sorry.”

“I’m not mad at Eve. It’s just...my heart feels lonely. She’s already so big...”

“It’s just a child’s tantrum. Don’t take it so seriously.”

“I guess I’ve only thought of Eve as a young child.”

“She is still young.”

“No. I think she’s grown up. I remember you saying this a while back: Even after raising them up, children will later go out to find their own path.”

Hugo laughed deeply as he listened to his wife’s grumbling. It looks like today, he was fated to appease both mother and daughter.

“I did say that. Let the kids grow. All I need is you.”

“...”

Actually, when he said it like that, Lucia was unwilling. Just as she couldn’t imagine a life without him, she couldn’t imagine a life without her children.

“Wow, you won’t say it back, even if it’s just lip service.”

“...Hugh. Um...”

“It’s fine. This is why they say the one who loves more loses.”

“Where in the world is that weird confidence coming from? Did you look into my heart or what?”

“Originally, the lacking side is the side that feels it.”[1]

Lucia was silent for a while then she sat up.

“Lacking?”

Hugo felt like he could see her rigid expression despite the darkness in the room, so he grabbed her arms and pulled her back into his embrace.

“Why’re getting serious again? Guess I can’t say anything.”

“I love you. I don’t want you thinking that I love the children more than you.”

“I know. It’s just an issue that can’t be helped. You have a definite priority between me and the kids and I know you have a hard time distinguishing it. I have no intention of pushing you to feel exactly like I do. I just don’t want you to worry too much over the children’s issue. Don’t set your sight elsewhere when someone who’s always thinking about you is right next to you.”

“...Your smooth talk is getting better and better.”

Lucia burrowed into his chest. When she lost her mother at a young age, she thought she would never meet someone who would love her unconditionally like her mother did. Sometimes when she felt the overflowing love he had for her, her heart was overwhelmed.

Translator’s corner:

[1] Not sure how to word this. From my (limited) understanding, he’s saying the side that wants more feels the lack of love?? That’s my best explanation. For anyone that knows KR, this is the raw: [“원래 부족한 쪽이 느끼는 법이야.”] If you have a better wording, please let me know.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 5.4 - Where Dream and Reality Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (4)

She seemed to have had a strange dream. Lucia squinted her eyes and tried her best to recall the dream, but she couldn’t remember anything. She felt like it was a very pleasant dream. She dawdled for a bit, feeling down then she got up. As soon as she left her blanket, which was heated by her body temperature, the cold air in the room covered her entire body.

She placed her feet down beside the bed and the sensation of the cold wooden floor on the soles of her feet made her shiver. She used her feet to grope for her slippers and put them on. The inside of the slippers was cold as well, but it was made of soft wool so it quickly grew warm.

She dipped her hand in the water that she had left out last night in advance. The chill from it made goosebumps rise till the crown of her head. ‘Ueeee’, she groaned bizarrely and quickly finished washing herself with the cold water.

Lucia looked at her blurry image in the mirror. Clear mirrors were very expensive items, so unfortunately, the mirror she had was stained with black.

This sort of mirror also had its advantages. Because it showed no blemishes or wrinkles, it had the effect of making the reflected image pretty. There wasn’t anyone to show herself to anyways, so it was enough to just check that there was nothing on her face; that’s what she thought, but nowadays, the blurry mirror irritated her.

Fixing a stare at the mirror, she brought her face close to it. And with that, she could see a small wrinkle that wasn’t very noticeable.

‘My life has just gone by without me even noticing. I’m already so old...’

She had already gotten older than the age her mother was when she passed away. As she grew older, she realized her mother was actually very young when she gave birth to her. She couldn’t help but wonder how many nights her mother secretly cried to herself while raising a daughter at such a young age. She felt sorry to her mother for not living a good life despite her efforts.

“This isn’t the time for this.”

After sitting absentmindedly for a while, she suddenly sprang to her feet and threw on her clothes. As she left her bedroom, she found the door of the opposite room open. She used to use this room for storing miscellaneous things, but now, there was a guest staying there for a while.

Lucia quietly approached and glanced inside the room. As expected, it was empty. The guest was an early riser so he always woke up earlier than Lucia, then he would leave the door open as if to indicate that he was already up.

‘I didn’t think he’d stay here this long.’

She was seized with a strange feeling. Someway or the other, she had been living together with this guest who suddenly appeared for a little over a month.

‘It’s amazing how it doesn’t feel uncomfortable.’

Even though a stranger had butt into the space where she had lived alone for many years, it didn’t feel out of place, as if she had lived with someone for a long time.

The man probably couldn’t even imagine it. That the bumpkin living in this little rural area knew his identity. Lucia had heard a banging on her door at sunset and when she opened the door, she couldn’t even begin to describe how surprised she saw to see the man standing in front of her. When he asked if he could rent a bed for the night, she had quickly nodded her head like a fool.

‘Don’t even dream about it. He’ll be leaving soon.’

Lucia chided herself. He was someone way out of her league.

‘When he leaves, he’ll quickly forget about an old peasant like me.’

He wouldn’t even remembered her as a woman he passed by. Even though she knew that, she was aware of the changes in herself as these days, she kept looking in the mirror. The gentle breeze blowing in her heart kept making her excited.

–

–

Lucia went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast. She chopped the ingredients and lit the fire. She habitually reached out to scoop water from the water jar that was filled to the brim, but then she paused. The water jar that was half-full from yesterday’s use was now filled to the brim as always.

Even though she had never asked, he filled the jar with water, every morning without fail. And in his spare time, he chopped firewood. Her storage was filled with so much firewood that she felt like they could last all winter.

Lucia suddenly laughed. She wasn’t sure why such a precious personage was so stringent in doing this kind of unpleasant tasks.

When the soup began to boil, she stepped out to look for him. She checked his room first since he might have come back while she was cooking but it was empty. Next, she checked the backyard where the firewood was usually cut. But there was no sign of him there too. She walked around the house several times, but he was nowhere to be found.

‘Did he leave? Without even saying goodbye?’

Her heart felt a bit empty. She went to the backyard again and stood, vacantly staring at the pile of wood that was yet to become firewood.

“What are you doing?”

Lucia spun around in surprise.

There he was, looking at Lucia with a particularly indifferent expression. In his hand were a few wriggling rabbits bound up together by a vine.

‘Right...hunting.’

He often went hunting in the morning. Lucia’s face grew hot. She felt so embarrassed of herself because she had completely forgotten about it and gotten all sad on her own.

“Ah...breakfast is ready.”

“I guess I’m late.”

“Well...please come in and eat.”

Lucia nodded to him in greeting and hurried into the house. She couldn’t look back because for some reason, she felt his gaze on her back.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 5.5 - Where Dream and Reality Meet
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

WHERE DREAM AND REALITY MEET (5)

‘I guess lunch will be rabbit stew. Should I make some grilled clams too?’

As she ate breakfast, Lucia was thinking about the next meal. When she lived alone, she made roughly three meals for herself and that was it, but ever since she had a guest, it became something she put effort into. Furthermore, he was certainly used to eating only high-quality dishes, so she felt embarrassed to give him her shoddy meals.

Lucia secretly watched him as they ate. She couldn’t believe it even though he was right in front of her. Even though she knew it was impossible for there to be two men with such an appearance and atmosphere around them.

Her gaze fell on the soup bowl he was eating from. Lucia gave a small sigh as she watched him eat a breakfast consisting of soup with only onions and potatoes.

‘This place...it doesn’t suit him.’

She used him as an excuse, but the truth was, it was for her own sake. He was going to leave anyways. It was better for her to send him away before spending time with him became something she was used to in her daily life.

After they were done eating, Lucia brought out some tea and spoke as if she was just saying it in passing:

“When it gets colder, it will be harder to move.”

He looked at her with a brow raised.

“Do you mean you can’t let me sleep and eat for free anymore? Do not worry, I will pay the lodging fees.”

He had already done more than enough work to pay for accommodation. The firewood he cut alone was enough to last the entire winter. Thanks to his regular hunts, there were piles of skins in the storage and if they were sold, it would bring in a considerable sum of money. Lucia had never eaten meat almost every day like she did nowadays.

No matter where they were, capable people always shone. His tenaciousness was true. He was the only person who made her heart flutter in her memories, marking with the pain of her youth. So Lucia’s heart throbbed when she looked at him and she felt bitter because she was reminded of her place and knew that she didn’t suit him at all.

“That’s not what I meant. The person waiting for you...will be worried.”

“There is no such person.”

He nonchalantly declared. Lucia wanted to immediately ask, ‘how can that be?’. He was already married. He had both a wife and a son waiting for him. And it wasn’t just his family. Many of his subordinates were probably stamping their feet, searching for his whereabouts.

“I am uncomfortable.”(Lucia)

“...”

“I’ve lived alone for so long that living with someone else is too much for me.”

Lucia felt him staring at her, but she looked down and deliberately maintained a look of determination on her face. A while later, she heard the sound of something metal hitting her wooden table. Lucia lifted her gaze slightly to look and flinched.

‘Why is that...?’

The thing he put on the table was an item she kept buried deep in her drawer. It was a brooch, framed in the shape of a lion with red jewels on it. She still had no idea how it came into her possession, but there was someone she was reminded of when she looked at it so she just couldn’t throw it away.

Sometimes when she remembered it, she took out. Just like how her mother took out the pendant from time to time. And nowadays, because the person she thought of when she took out the brooch was actually in front of her, she found herself taking it out more often.

‘Have I ever brought it out of my room?’

She quickly reached for the brooch, but his hand was faster. Seeing the brooch in his hand, Lucia bit her lips. And she glared fiercely at him.

“I see you repay my goodwill in this manner. Did you go through my room?”

“Do not misunderstand. I only picked up something that was dropped on the floor.”

“Dropped where?”

“In front of your bedroom door.”

“If that’s the case, you didn’t have to pick it up. Isn’t it obvious that something misplaced in the house belongs to the house owner? I would have found it pretty quickly.”

“You’re right. But, there is something I want to ask. Is this yours?”

“You’re being really rude. Are you suspecting me of having something that isn’t mine? Is it an item too precious for a puny woman to have? It’s definitely mine so please give it back.”

He looked at Lucia’s fuming figure then he chuckled.

“Did you know? You’ve said more today than you’ve done the past month I’ve been here till now.”

She could say the same for him; he was saying much more than usual. Lucia studied his change in attitude with doubt in her eyes. His expression was usually cold and emotionless but somehow, today, he had a smile on his face.

“You know who I am.”

Lucia flinched in spite of herself. When she saw his eyes narrow slightly, she inwardly knew something was wrong.

“A farming woman living alone in a remote corner knows who I am? Of course, I was suspicious of your identity and tried to find out. I’m the type of person that can’t let things pass when I’m suspicious. If not for this thing, I probably wouldn’t have ever figured it out. But it’s been so long ago that it took me a while to remember.”

“What do...”

“Your name, if my memory serves me right, is Vivian.”

Lucia’s face instantly turned pale. She unknowingly tightened her fist even more and her clenched fists trembled on the table. He flicked the brooch at the tip of his fingers, caught it, then he grinned. His vivid red eyes curved slightly.

“You’re right; this is yours. Afterall, I gave it to you. I put it in the jewelry box you hid in that secret passage.”

* * *

Lucia was trembling as she woke up with a start. She couldn’t move an inch, like she was frozen, and her eyes darted around frantically in the dark.

Where is this? Which one is the dream, which one is reality? Then she felt his warmth beside her and heaved a sigh of relief. This was reality.

‘Oh...Oh my god...’

She couldn’t believe this dazzling wonder at all.

‘I remember now...’

When she woke up from the dream in the morning at 12 years old, she thought she hadn’t seen her life in her later years. But today’s dream told her something different. It wasn’t that she didn’t see it but that her small head at the time couldn’t take some parts of her extremely vast dream.

In her dream, all the bitter events in her life happened in her youth. Her life afterwards was relatively calm and stable. In particular, the events that shocked Lucia the most was her marriage to Count Matin and the things that happened after that marriage. They were so overwhelmingly shocking that it pushed away her memory of other events. However, the memory lying unconscious in her mind was stimulated by the brooch she received today and made itself known.

She could even faintly recall her memories of old age in her dream. She was smiling and was accompanied by a man who looked like her husband, decades later.

Her heart pounded heavily in her chest. It squeezed so tightly that it hurt. Her eyes heated up and she couldn’t stop the tears that flowed down her face. She covered her face with her hands and tried to stop her sobs from leaking.

‘It was you. It was always you.’

She thought she had lived a life with no connection to him, but her memory showed her that in her dream, she had met him. Although she went through many incidents and spent many years alone before she met him, she eventually did and formed a relationship with him.

Lucia thought she had distorted the original flow of the future. She thought she had forcefully made him connected to her. But now she saw that she would have certainly met him in the future. There was a long thread of fate between the two of them. Her whole body trembled with emotion.

“Vivian?”

As he was a light sleeper, he was woken up by the sound of her subdued sobs.

“What’s wrong? Are you hurt?”

He asked urgently and his voice was filled with worry. Lucia couldn’t hold back her overflowing emotions and wrapped her arms around his neck, squeezing him tight. Her tears kept flowing so she could only hold him and keep crying.

“It’s okay, Vivian.”

He thought she might have been shocked by a nightmare, so he kept coaxing her. He supported her with his hand and gently stroked her back.

“I love you, Hugh.”

Much more than you can imagine, perhaps so much more than you. Although she wanted to say this aloud, she couldn’t speak because she was crying. He laughed softly before kissing her ear and whispered into it.

“I love you.”

Lucia trembled and burrowed further into his embrace. The Lucia in the dream had her life saved thanks to him, and even though they didn’t spend their youths together, they spend the end of their lives alongside each other. The Lucia in reality met him and was able to obtain complete happiness without repeating the tragic future in her dream.

Her relationship with him was the greatest miracle in her life.

[End of Sidestory: Where Dream and Reality Meet.]

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 6.1 - In Another Future – Damian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

IN ANOTHER FUTURE – DAMIAN (1)

“I have done my part in declaring you as my successor. The rest is up to you. Graduate. Then this place is yours.”

The six year old Damian believed in his father’s promise and entered the Academy. He fiercely strove to graduate, as it was the only means towards achieving his goal of taking over his father’s position. No matter what was around him, his eyes never strayed. Because he wanted the meaning of his existence to be recognized.

When Damian was 13, he was informed that the Duke of Taran had gotten married. Damian didn’t think the news was anything special and merely noted it in his memory. A few months later, Damian was notified that he had been registered into legal status and received a portrait of the new Duchess/ his step-mother along with the news. The woman drawn in the painting was dressed in showy clothing and for some reason, both her expressions and posture looked rigid.

‘His Grace the Duke’s standards are lower than I thought.’

By Damian’s standards, the woman could never classify as a beauty.

‘A mother...is it?’

Since his status had become legal, it meant the Duchess was now his mother. However, Damian didn’t really feel like it meant much. Even if he met the Duchess in person, it was unlikely for him to be able to call her mother. Then again, he was sure the Duchess wouldn’t want to be called by such a title. The Duchess hadn’t even had her own children, yet she was dirtied by the likes of an illegitimate child. It was obvious to him how humiliated the Duchess would feel.

He had gained a new family, but he felt no joy. Anyways, he would only meet the Duchess after he graduated from the Academy. And even if they met, he would be glad if the Duchess simply ignored him instead of trying to harm him.

* * *

Damian didn’t pay anymore attention to the Duke’s marriage. He was focused only on studying. Although he was always ranked first, at other times, he was just an unremarkable student. There were guys who tried to pick fights with him when he was young but as they got older, they lost interest in Damian, who had nothing but excellent grades.

Damian was always alone. He wasn’t interested in anything other than his grades. He never once thought he needed a friend. He thought he felt no loneliness even though he was alone. But without even realizing it, the walls of solitude around Damian were growing higher and thicker. The boy who already didn’t smile much, gradually forgot how to smile.

Finally, when he finished all of his studies at the Academy and held his diploma in his hand, Damian felt a sense of emptiness rather than a sense of accomplishment. The result of what he consistently clung to for more than a decade was nothing more than a piece of paper. He believed he could prove his existence when he graduated but it was merely false hope.

‘I...Why did I want to become the Duke?’

The boy who only ran forward without reserve began to look back when he became a young man.

‘I wanted to receive father’s recognition.’

He wanted to be praised; he wanted to be told he had done well. However, after sending Damian to the Academy at six, his father didn’t even send a brief letter till he graduated.

‘It didn’t have to be me.’

The Duke didn’t choose Damian as his successor because of Damian himself, but because Damian was his only child. It wouldn’t matter if the position of ‘young lord’ went to the son the Duchess might have someday instead of Damian.

The winter he was seventeen, Damian realized something.

He was alone.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 6.2 - In Another Future – Damian
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

Story 6.2: In Another Future – Damian

IN ANOTHER FUTURE – DAMIAN (2)

The swinging blade made a dull sound as it reaped a life. As Damian stared at the neck flying the air, he thought to himself that the drops of blood on his face were exceptionally hot. He had learned to have this kind of mental state when destroying barbarians.

“We are done after we finish up here, young master.”

“Good job.”

Damian showed his appreciation for the knight in charge of the miscellaneous clean-up, then he turned to take a wide look around. Dead bodies with parts missing were scattered all over the place. The knights were moving around to gather the bodies in one place and were piling up firewood in preparation to burn them.

When Damian turned twenty, he began to go to subjugate barbarians. And ever since then, he stayed in Roam. The Duke’s days were extremely busy as the king’s closest aide and he could not leave the capital, so naturally, father and son lived apart from each other.

“Wait.”

Damian approached the knights that were moving two bodies. Even from a distance, it was obvious the two corpses had very different physique and it bothered him for some reason.

When he drew closer, he realized that it wasn’t only their physiques that were different; there was a considerable age difference between the two bodies. It was a middle-aged man and a young man who had just come of age. And their very similar facial features told anyone that they were related somehow. They had protected each other, the father for the child, and the child for the father and they were dried tears and blood around the rims of their eyes.

“Young master, do you have a different order or...?”

The knight carefully asked after seeing Damian stand there silently, looking at the corpses for a while.

“...No. I’ll leave the rest to you. I shall return first.”

When Damian turned around and quickly walked to his leased horse, the knight hurriedly ran after him.

“Young master, it is dangerous to move separately. We are in the middle of the barbarian land and...”

“Didn’t you say there are no movements in the vicinity?”

“That is correct, but one can never know.”

Damian hopped on the horse despite the knight’s protests.

“I want to hurl. The smell of blood is especially nauseating today.”

Damian held the horse and kicked the horse’s side in one swift motion. Seeing Damian’s back becoming distant in the blink of an eye, the knight quickly called for a nearby knight to join and followed after the young master.

After running with the two knights for a while, Damian felt something strange, so he slowed down and came to a stop. The knights followed suit and came up to Damian.

“Young master, is something the matter?”

“...We’re surrounded.”

“What?”

The knights were startled and looked around in a hurry. There were no signs of people around but Damian was born with sharp senses so he could sense the movements of a group slowly narrowing around them. Their suppressed bloodthirst could be felt in the air as they carefully approached like a pack of wolves round up prey.

‘Dozens...no, more than that?’

The power on Damian’s side was only that of three people. No matter how skilled a knight was, there was a limit to overcoming an absolute inferiority in numbers.

‘I guess this is it.’

Damian’s expression was calm as he predicted the end of his short life. He looked up at the sky; it was particularly clear today, without a cloud in sight. He had heard that when the end approached, you would see the person you missed the most drawn in the sky. Damian stared at the sky for a good while, then he smiled bitterly and lowered his head.

Nothing was drawn.

* * *

The Duke of Taran rushed to Roam upon receiving the terrible news of Damian Taran’s death. He met his son for the first time in a very long while, but his son’s body was already cold.

After the funeral of the young lord, the Duke of Taran gathered the entire power of his family and declared war against the barbarians. No one was able to stop the Duke of Taran’s quest for the price of his son’s life.

The conquest of the northern barbarians ended in a year, being more of a unilateral massacre than an actual war. Countless barbarians were killed, regardless of age or gender. The bodies formed mountains and rivers of blood. The repulsive smell of burning bodies rode on the wind and covered the entire barbarian land. And so, the vast barbarian land became a territory with no owner.

It was like a vast, empty piece of land had suddenly dropped from the sky causing many countries to drool over it. A vast territory was a necessary condition to be reborn as a prosperous country. Heated competition for the land began to break out all over the place.

It was a prelude to an enormous war which was later called the Second Continental War.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.1 - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES (1)

He was born the third son of the Hawkes family of the Madoh Empire. The Hawkes family was a distinguished household known for its outstanding bloodline that had produced great magicians for generations. In a world where innate magical power was a measure of power and authority, the Hawkes family stood in a position to preside over order.

However, he was a variant that didn’t deserve to bear the name of the great Hawkes family. He had poor magical power from birth and it didn’t get better even when he got older. While his parents and siblings walked the path of first-class magicians, he was unable to cast the magic for even a small flame and fell behind.

His parents and his siblings considered him to be the shame of their family. He was neglected by his parents and was a target of harassment for his siblings. His siblings’ malicious pranks grew worse over time and got to the extent that it threatened his life.

When he woke up after being in a coma for a couple of days, he was banished from the house. His parents didn’t want useless gossip to arise about siblings killing each other, so they decided to erase the issue from the root. So under the pretext of recuperation, he left on exile to a family-owned remote villa. This happened when he was ten.

He had been abandoned but now, he could enjoy a much calmer life. The old villa was so remote that people in his family almost couldn’t find it and it became his home. There was no one to torment him and nobody who saw him as a bug.

The residents of the nearby village had never seen a noble personage before and were afraid due to all the terrible rumors surrounding the appearance of a noble but gradually forgot their fear when he caused no harm.

Although his magical power wasn’t anything to write home about, he was very knowledgeable, so he was able to provide the solution to many difficult problems. The residents gradually forgot their fear of nobility and as more time passed, they began to follow the wise young noble.

He could not use magic, but he did not slack on getting knowledge into his head. He truly enjoyed reading books, gaining new knowledge, and exploring truths with unlimited imagination. Once he got lost in thought, he never realized the passing of the day nor the rising of the sun; he was simply absorbed into it. His knowledge was endlessly deep in every way, apart from his lowly magic.

* * *

He was immersed in a world of infinite imagination. In his head was a space made for questing for the truth. In his mind, his thoughts split and spread like the roots of a tree.

“Young master!”

He was startled awake by a fierce scream. He felt like he was just about to have something in his grasp, so it was really a pity. He frowned at the plump middle-aged woman beside him.

“Martha! I told you not to disturb me.”

“I wouldn’t if you behaved with moderation. You’ve been like this since last night and the sun is already high in the sky today! Whatever you do, I don’t care, but you have to eat!”

Martha exclaimed.

Seeing Martha giving him a stern look with her hands on her waist, he smiled dispiritedly. Martha was obsessed with making sure he was eating properly and did not tolerate him skipping more than two meals.

‘I won’t die even if I don’t eat. Why can’t she understand?’

Even though his magical power was meagre, his innate bloodline was so exceptional that he would be fine even if he went starving for a week. However, Martha thought the young master she had been taking care of since he was a child was very weak, so even though he was now fifteen years old, he was still treated as a child.

“Alright, I got it. I’ll go eat.”

He grumblingly rose to his feet. Although he was interrupted, he couldn’t get mad at Martha. For him, who had been abandoned by both his parents and siblings, Martha was his only family. He had never once thought Martha was lowly because she was a villager.

* * *

“Why is the young master still not here? It’s way past mealtime.”

Martha mumbled to herself and went to find the young master. No matter how old he got, the young master’s bad habits showed no signs of getting better. She had to chase him around to eat like a four year old, and even then, he only ate one meal.

Martha felt a great sense of responsibility towards making sure the young master ate properly. Martha looked for the young master in places he was likely to be. Fortunately, there were only a few places that he visited frequently. Most of the time, he was in his study, and if the weather was warm, he walked around the backyard or sometimes, he went a little farther and sat under the tree on the low hill behind the villa.

Since he wasn’t in the study or the backyard, there was only one place left. As she climbed the hill, she met another villager to happened to be passing by.

“The young master is sitting up there.”

The person knew who Martha was looking for, so they immediately told her where the young master was.

Martha walked faster and reached the top of the hill. And there, she found the young master sitting back, under the huge tree, with his eyes closed. He probably wasn’t sleeping. The young master was always in this position when he was lost in his thoughts.

Martha drew closer, planning to call out really loud in order to drag the young master out of his thoughts but when she got close enough and saw the gentle expression on his face, she stopped. It was unknown what the young master was thinking about but there was a smile playing on his lips.

Martha didn’t want to disrupt his good mood, so she decided to just sit down. But perhaps she felt a little peeved for she sat down quite loudly but the young master didn’t seem to hear a thing and didn’t move an inch. Then again, this was the same person she had to scream out several times before he finally heard her and woke up, so this was expected.

‘He’s grown a lot, hasn’t he?’

Martha look in the image of the grown-up young master anew. As the young master was already eighteen years old, there were no signs of a young boy on his visage. His black hair, which couldn’t be found among common people like herself, reminded her of the difference between them.

Martha was amazed every time she saw the young master’s black hair and black eyes. And she forgot that the young master was one of those scary noble people. The young master was a good man with a warm heart.

‘He’s a pitiful person.’

Martha just couldn’t understand the behavior of the nobles who abandoned their child or brother without any hesitation. If your child was weak, then you should protect them and care for them even more. Wasn’t that how a parent should act?

‘Despite all that, he grew up very well.’

Martha was filled with satisfaction every time she saw the young master who had grown up graciously. The village maidens who didn’t know their place were eyeing the young master, but they shouldn’t even bother trying for the impossible. He wasn’t someone that those thoughtless rural girls should desire. The young master was going to have a virtuous and beautiful woman as his wife, have a son and daughter, and live happily ever after.

After watching the young master with contentment for some time, signs of boredom began to show on Martha’s face. She had been sitting there without doing anything for a while, so she was feeling impatient plus she was hungry. In the end, Martha couldn’t bear it and called out.

“Young master.”

As expected, he was too lost to hear anything even if she called out once or twice. So Martha yelled.

“Young master!”

He opened his eyes like he had been startled awake.

“Martha. Is it time for lunch already?”

“It’s a good while past that actually. I’ve been waiting for you, young master. Do you know how hungry I am?”

“That’s why I said you should go ahead and eat first.”

“What’s the fun in eating alone?”

“...Do you eat for fun?”

He got up. Martha was the type to reply with two words when you said one word so he had learnt to just say he understood no matter what, otherwise he would just get caught up in Martha’s nagging.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.2 - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES(2)

The space of truth in his mind expanded infinitely over time. He added knowledge and created new knowledge in the seemingly endless space, filling it with the truths pursued by pioneers and explored unknown area, never explored before.

He lay down in bed to sleep but the thought that suddenly sprang into his mind made him fall into contemplation. He couldn’t sense the sun rising in the sky or the day darkening to night. He felt like he was floating aimlessly, like the air around him had changed into a space with no gravity.

‘Ah…!’

He lamented and abruptly opened his eyes. His eyes flickered with a golden light. He was overwhelmed with an indescribable sense of joy and looked down at his trembling hands. There was a faint light lingering around his hands. The change that had shown up on his body felt very mysterious to him, so he carefully closed his hands, opened them, then flipped them back and forth to examine them.

The light coming from his hands gradually began to spread all over his body. And the energy streaming from the light gradually began to gush forth and wrapped around him, as if wanting to swallow him.

Pop! There was no actual sound, but he could feel the sound of something popping all over his body. And a golden beam of light burst from his body, piercing the ceiling and into the skies. Like that, he lost consciousness.

It was the awakening of a Great Archmage.

* * *

When he opened his eyes, he found unfamiliar people gathered around the bed he was in. As he sluggishly sat up, a luxuriously dressed woman began to speak to him.

“You’re up. How do you feel?”

He frowned, wondering who this familiar but unfamiliar woman was. When he didn’t reply, the woman’s face darkened, and she spoke like she was embarrassed.

“Aren’t you going to greet your mother after seeing her in a long time?”

Mother? He barely managed to remember. Was this woman his mother? The mother in his memory always looked coldly at him with thinly veiled contempt. His mother was ashamed whenever she saw his young self because she couldn’t believe she had given birth to such a useless thing.

“Don’t rush the child too much, he just woke up.”

A man beside the woman added, and because of the woman who introduced herself as his mother, he quickly remembered who the man was. It was his father. The father who always clicked his tongue icily whenever he saw him, was now talking as if he was very worried about him. It was a strange sight.

“There has been no precedent of magic power manifesting late like in your case. Everyone saw your pillar of light. It was really beautiful. I am very proud of you, my son.”

Ahh. He finally understood what was going on. He looked at his hand and clenched his fist. He could feel strong power coursing through his entire body. The energy was so powerful and bottomless, it felt like he could have the entire world in his grasp.

The child, who was abandoned for his uselessness, was actually a radiant jewel covered in mud. When the mold trapping him was taken off, and his true self was revealed, they came to find the child they had abandoned. He couldn’t hold back at all and burst into laughter.

His parents were initially pleased to see him laugh but as they noticed the madness in his laughter, their expression slowly hardened. It was only when the people around him began to exchange serious glances that he stopped laughing. His expression was extremely cold.

“Where is this…no, where is Martha?”

Martha? Who was that? No one knew who he was looking for.

He had already forgotten this fact, but Martha was a commoner. It was a title with the meaning ‘animal’ in it, a lowly thing. Perhaps they didn’t even know that a commoner had a name. He felt uneasy for some reason.

“I’m talking about the commoner who waits on me. The old woman.”

“You do not need to be served by a commoner any longer.”

“Agreed. You can’t have such a lowly thing around you.”

“I said! Where is Martha?!”

“If you’re talking about the lowly thing that dared to stop us from taking you, it has received the appropriate punishment.”

The answer came from the mouth of a certain man. He remembered this man. It was his brother, the one who tormented him viciously and the party responsible to putting him close to the jaws of death. The man smiled crookedly and spoke in a mocking manner.

“I see you didn’t learn properly because you lived with such a lowly thing. How rude of you to raise your voice at your parents.”

“By appropriate punishment…do you mean you kill her?”

The man scowled.

“Saying it that way isn’t right.”

“I asked if you killed her.”

“I merely passed down punishment. Commoners are originally awfully weak.”

Something snapped in his head and he closed his eyes. His heart froze over but at the same time, it began to burn with hot rage. When his eyes opened again, they were filled with golden light. He felt the power in his body boil and overflow. He indifferently watched as shock filled the gazes of the people around him and he unleashed all of his power.

* * *

“We hereby command you to forfeit the family name of Hawkes, and to be banished forever.”

He was given the most severe punishment for killing more than ten people, his parents and brother included. He was harshly punished to wander a desolate land with nothing but his body.

A restraint hung from his neck. It was a stigma showing that he was a criminal and it could never be removed for the duration of his punishment. Since his crime was so severe, he received a life-time sentence, which meant he would never be able to take it off, in addition, expulsion magic had been added to his restraint. The criminal wearing this restraint could not approach any borders where the influence of the Madoh Empire reached.

He accepted his punishment. Not because he acknowledged his crime, but because he had no attachment towards his family and the country he was born and raised in.

There were the commoners who weren’t treated as people simply because they weren’t born with power, and then there were the imperials who saw themselves as gods and would never pass down the punishment of death no matter how serious the crime was. He felt something was wrong with this world.

No matter how powerful your magical power was, you would die if you didn’t eat. When imperials who were used to being waited on for everything got banished, they couldn’t last long and would starve to death. Outside the borders of the Madoh Empire was a wild wasteland filled only with beasts.

He walked on endlessly in his exile. The knowledge he gained from being around commoners from a young age helped him survive. He knew how to distinguish between some edible weeds and using a mousetrap he made, he caught rat for food.

He continued to contemplate and explore endlessly, only stopping to eat and sleep. He grew thinner and his skin became rough due to exposure to wind and rain, but his gaze grew deeper. One day, he chanced upon a building that was falling apart. It was a temple made of stone and he guessed it was made in ancient history. He decided to settle down and live there. It seemed to have been built with a solid foundation because the basic structure was still remaining.

The pendant-shaped restraint on his neck wasn’t one that restricted his ability, so his magic power grew more powerful over time. He used his magic to make a stone doll and controlled it to renovate the temple into a mansion. The doll he made was gradually able to perform more detailed instructions and was able to do basic tasks such as cooking and cleaning.

Since he no longer had to worry about his survival, he spent all his time studying magic. It did not matter if there were no books or experimental materials with him. There was already boundless knowledge in his head and everything around him could become test material.

As he lived estranged from the world, not noticing the passage of time, he suddenly discovered something strange. He had casually taken a look at his face and realized he looked very young, around twenty years of age. He hadn’t counted the days, but he knew that at least 10 years had passed. He wasn’t sure how, but time was leaving him untouched. Now, even the flow of time could not disrupt his passion for learning.

One day, he broke the sturdy wall surrounding him and gained new, tremendous power.

He found himself in a place that could be described at pure-white, or pitch-dark. He was standing on a golden path that stretched out for miles with no end in sight. He slowly walked along the path and watched as countless fragments of time flashed by him. Day, months, and decades of time swiftly flew by. Absurdly colossal events left afterimages in his head in the blink of an eye.

He saw a future in which the Madoh Empire disappeared and the magic in the world dispersed. A future was coming where the commoners found a new country and ruled the world, a future where the imperials were trampled by the commoners whom they disdained so much and not even a trace of them was left.

The restraint around his neck could no longer restrict him. He could take it off if he wanted to and return to the Empire at any time. But he continued his life as a hermit.

He had no attachment to life but the more he knew, the more he couldn’t abandon his desire to see the end of the seemingly infinite truth. And so, he prepared for the day things would end. He set up a barrier around the vicinity of the mansion and gathered magical power. The barrier would protect him and the mansion even if the magic power in the world dispersed in the distant future.

Then a very long time passed; a time so long that he couldn’t even guess it.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.3 - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES(3)

He was enjoying an early morning bath. Today like usual, he was soaking in a bath full of warm water with his eyes closed. Upon detecting the sign of an intruder touching the barrier, he frowned and clicked his tongue. It was definitely that fearless and impudent little girl.

One day, a little girl got through the barrier that thoroughly prevented all intrusion and she had even entered the mansion. The barrier didn’t work on the child at all. He tried his best to figure out why but eventually had to conclude that there was a minute loophole akin to a variable somewhere in the dense membrane.

The problem was the little girl. He had left her alone since she wasn’t exactly causing any harm but ever since then, she had been coming and going frequently as if this was her own house.

After he was done having a relaxed bath, he came out. His senses caught an energy signal moving around restlessly in the dining room. He put on clothes and went down to the dining room.

“Cael-nim!”

Seeing the woman with a bright smile on her face, he stopped.

“You haven’t had breakfast yet, right? I brought a few dishes you’ll like.”

He looked at the chattering woman with a new gaze. When did that tiny little girl grow so big? She was no longer a young child. The little kid dressed in bright and beautiful clothes had at some point, become a full-fledged young lady.

When he merely stood there, watching her without saying anything, Evangeline studied his face.

“...Are you angry? Because I moved around as I liked...?”

Cael stared at Evangeline for a moment then he snorted.

“Is this the first time?”

When he sat down at the set table and picked up a fork, Evangeline giggled and quickly scuttled over to him. Then she filled his empty glass with water and began to serve the food.

“Just for me? What about yours, kid?”

“I already ate, so don’t mind me. And I’m not ‘kid’. I have a name, you know. Evangeline. I’ve told you so many times now.”

Evangeline sourly watched as he began to eat without even replying then her gaze turned prideful and filled with joy. She felt like she understood what it meant to feel full just by watching someone else eat.

* * *

“I’m getting married.”

Cael stared at Evangeline, who had shut her mouth right after suddenly spitting out such a phrase. Was she already at that age? When did the tomboy that used to run around everywhere begin to walk and cover her mouth slightly when she laughed instead of grinning widely?

“I am yet to see the face of the man who will become my husband. I have to leave home and live in my husband’s house. It’s very far from here.”

“...Right.”

“I won’t be able to come see you ever again, Cael-nim.”

“...I see.”

Evangeline’s amber eyes quivered as she looked at him as though she was pleading.

“Should I live here?”

“...”

“I am quite useful. I can cook very well, I can clean, do laundry, I can do everything. If I’m here, Cael-nim won’t even need to lift a finger. Ah wait. No. You’ll need to at least use a finger to call me.”

Cael had noticed that the little kid had at some point started to look at him with the eyes of a woman. He knew but he acted like he didn’t. Because he couldn’t return her heart even if he knew. If he were to truly be honest, perhaps he was afraid that if Evangeline knew he was aware of her secret feelings, he would have to cut her off because he couldn’t accept her heart and because of that, she would not come to see him again.

“...Kid.”

When Cael gave a troubled sigh, Evangeline actually smiled sweetly.

“You’re surprised because I said something strange, right? It’s just, I felt sad thinking I won’t see you again.”

“...”

Evangeline spun around and quickly walked to the door like she was running. She grabbed the door and stood without moving for a while then she said,

“Did you know? You’ve never called me properly by my name.”

Her head was turned so he couldn’t see her face, but her voice trembled at the end. As if she was holding back her tears. Cael couldn’t even imagine how the kid who always smiled at him looked when she was holding back her tears.

Evangeline went out the door without looking back. Cael’s heart felt empty as he stood, staring at the tightly shut door for a long time. It felt like the door would open again anytime soon and Evangeline would jump in, calling out ‘Cael-nim’.

However, both the next day and the day after the next, the door did not open.

* * *

Evangeline, whom he thought he would never see again, re-appeared in front of him. She looked very exhausted and thin, holding a very swollen belly.

“I’m sorry, Cael-nim. I couldn’t think of anywhere else to go but here.”

Her eyes seemed like they would burst with tears at any moment, but Evangeline smiled, refusing to show her tears.

Evangeline’s father, who used his daughter in a political marriage to solidify his power base, had led an army and destroyed his in-law’s family. Her heartless father did not care about his daughter or about the young life growing in her stomach. For Evangeline’s father, his daughter was nothing but a means to be used in political battle.

Evangeline barely managed to escape. If Evangeline was alone, her father would have let her leave since she was at least his child. However, the pregnancy of his daughter meant she was nothing but a seed of trouble. So Evangeline was pursued by a very persistent party.

After losing her only guard who protected her loyally, Evangeline felt death drawing closer and closer. She ran away because she wanted to live but she felt it was in vain, not knowing why she wanted to live like this. As she thought of death, there was someone whose face she wanted to see at least one last time. As so, she decided on her final destination.

People called it the Devil’s forest. Only Evangeline could enter this place where no one else entered and left alive. When she saw him again, Evangeline smiled. And she made a brazen excuse, saying she came to find him in order to save the life of herself and her baby in her stomach. She would have rather he coldly turned away and ignored her. However, he silently accepted her inside.

* * *

The baby was born. It was a boy. Evangeline asked Cael to name the boy and asked him to be the child’s godfather.

‘I want to have your child.’

The feelings she couldn’t bear to expose were buried at the bottom of her heart. Someone like her, who had born another man shouldn’t even dream of making such a shameless confession. Just the fact that she lived depending on him meant she owed him a debt she could never repay.

“Baden.”

Cael named the baby after a great king that had appeared way back in history, long before the world changed. And he became the godfather of Baden.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.4 - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES(4)

The child grew rapidly every day. He sat, crawled, walked and soon started running. He spoke and learned to write. Cael taught the child everything he knew without reserve. The bright child absorbed Cael’s teachings and grew up, going from a little boy to a young man.

Around the child’s 16th birthday, the people Evangeline’s husband’s family sent looking for her, had searched everywhere and even entered the devil’s forest. Her father-in-law, whom she thought to be dead, was alive. He retained his life but one of his arm and leg was cut off, so he was unable to move around properly. Her father-in-law was looking for the only remaining bloodline of his dead son.

People who entered the devil’s forest normally got obstructed by the barrier so they would be endlessly lost, collapse from exhaustion and starved to death. Cael usually didn’t care what happened to the people who entered the forest and left them to their devices but knowing they were looking for Evangeline, he opened the barrier. And he erased traces of himself in order not to appear before them.

“Ahh! Milady. So you were safe. The young master is so grown-up!”

The vassals who had gone to search for their madam and young master by their lord’s order, were thrilled to see Baden. Baden, who had just grown out his adolescence, looked so much like his late father and grandfather that there was no doubt to be made.

“You must have suffered so much. Come with us, Milady. You must be rewarded for your hard work and troubles in raising the young master. The young master will inherit everything from the lord in the future and he’ll become the master of the family.”

Although she was thanking them for finding her, inwardly, Evangeline couldn’t be happy. Why did he let these people in? She momentarily resented him, then she heaped curses at herself.

‘Wow, you must be so thick-faced. You don’t even have any shame. You’ve lived in his care so long, how much longer are you going to trouble him?’

Cael didn’t even appear before Evangeline. After flipping through the mansion for a few days, looking for him, the tired Evangeline cried at the empty air.

“I’ll leave, Cael-nim. Just let me say goodbye for the last time. Please.”

However, Cael never showed up at the end.

* * *

Cael watched from afar as the group of people left with Evangeline and Baden in their midst. He did not even let her say her last goodbye. But it wasn’t because he was worried that her heart would waver, but because he feared he would hold onto to her and not let go.

‘Our times are different, Evangeline.’

He was living in a different flow of time. He would remain as he was even if hundreds of years pass but she would grow old and die someday.

The incoming future filled Cael with dread. He had no confidence in being able to watch her die. He chose to run away from his fear.

* * *

“Mother.”

At that voice, Evangeline, who had been blankly staring out the window from her spot on the bed, turned her head. Seeing her son with his wife, she smiled faintly.

“When did you come in?”

“What were you thinking about that you didn’t even notice us come in?”

“When you get old, you tend to think a lot. I know you must be busy, there’s no need to go out of your way to greet me in the morning.”

“No, mother. I should greet you even when you’re at home. And, I have good news today.”

The mansion that his mother lived in as a child was put up for sale, so Baden had purchased it. His mother’s family had already collapsed and scattered without a trace, but he felt his mother missed her hometown sometimes. So he arranged it as a gift for his mother.

“That house...?”

His mother’s pale face brightened up for a change. Baden was happy to see that his thinking was on the right track.

“Yes. It’s very old, so it has to be renovated. Would you like to go see it after the renovations?”

“Sure, that would be nice.”

After leaving his mother’s room, Baden sighed heavily and spoke to his wife.

“When my mother goes to her hometown, I would like for us to go along and be with her for the time being.”

“Okay. I will arrange for that.”

Baden could vaguely sense that his mother was not just missing her hometown.

‘Godfather.’

His mother had continued to long for that person. He wasn’t aware as a child but when he thought about it now, his mother sometimes stared into the distance with sadness in her eyes. He felt like now, he knew who was beyond that gaze.

* * *

Cael was sitting in a daze. Normally, he looked like he wasn’t doing anything to an outside eye, but he would be creating and destroying a boundless world repeatedly in his mind. However, nowadays, he increasingly just sat absentmindedly, not thinking about anything. That is, ever since Evangeline and Baden left.

Suddenly, he flinched in surprise and sprang to his feet. The sensation of the intruder touching his barrier was familiar to him. He thoughtlessly ran outside.

“Godfather.”

The young man had become a grown man. Having inherited Evangeline’s blood, Baden was also not affected by the barrier. Cael blankly gazed at Baden, and at the slender woman Baden was holding.

“We haven’t seen in a long time. You’re still as I remember.”

“...Baden.”

“I’m here to ask a favor for my mother.”

Cael stared at Evangeline, the woman in Baden’s arms. Her appearance had changed due to age, but he recognized her in one glance.

“She’s in a deep sleep. I guess mother will probably be angry when she wakes up. After all, I didn’t ask her wishes and brought her here on my own.”

“...Go back.”

“My mother doesn’t have much time left.”

Cael, who was turning around, froze on the spot.

“Mother was poisoned. I’ve looked into every means, but we’ve already gone through every step possible. The poison Mother took has unique ingredients, so when the poison attacks, she falls into a deep sleep. According to the doctor, she will eventually fall asleep one day and never wake up.”

“...”

“The poison attacked a few days ago and mother woke up after two days. The doctor said the next poison attack would be the last. Godfather. My mother’s last moments...I hope you can be with her.”

His godfather’s expression was indifferent, and he stood there, not saying anything, but Baden thought his godfather looked very heart-broken.

‘She’ll be angry, for sure.’

Even the big buffed men in the family were desperate to rouse his thin mother’s spirits. She was a woman who was called ‘the Iron Lady’, and someone who raised the family with her own two hands. Once she learnt of this, his mother would probably slap the cheeks of her shameful son who made such a decision on his own.

‘That’s why, mother, I’m running away because I’m scared you’ll beat me up.’

Baden wasn’t sure if his decision was really for his mother. His mother held a desperate longing for his godfather in her heart, but she gave up on meeting him a long time ago. After she was poisoned and knew the end was approaching, she seemed to have given up completely.

But despite that, he couldn’t help but do this. Even though he knew it was cruel to both his mother and his godfather, Baden made a selfish decision for his own sake. He felt like if he didn’t do this, he would beat his chest in regret when his mother passed away. So he secretly put sleeping pills in his mother’s tea. He got the doctor’s advice and adjusted the amount so that it wouldn’t harm his mother.

Baden put his mother in his godfather’s arms. It was closer to forcing her into his arms, but his godfather didn’t shake him off and merely took his mother into his embrace, like she was a treasure.

As this was probably the last time he would see the two of them like this in his life, Baden memorized the sight, then he turned around.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.5 - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES(5)

Sturdy arms wrapped around her and supported her. Evangeline leaned against his chest, drinking the soup she was fed, then she grinned. She was surprised at herself, who was now used to being served by him.

“Cael-nim.”

“Yeah?”

“...”

“Kid. If you call me, say something.”

Pfft. Evangeline burst into laughter. He still called an old lady full of wrinkles, kid. Perhaps because he treated her like a child, Evangeline subconsciously spoke the way she did when she was young and acted like a spoilt child. The Madam who was known as the iron lady was nowhere to be found.

“You know, a long time ago. If I said I was sick, would you have indulged me, even a little bit?”

“...”

“Sorry. That was unnecessary.”

“...I likely won’t have much of a choice. I can’t abandon a patient.”

Evangeline stared at him while he avoided her eyes like he was embarrassed. He had not changed at all. He was still the young and beautiful young man he was when she first met him. This mysterious man, with pitch-black hair and dark eyes, was her puppy love as a young girl, her fluttering love as a maiden learning about love and the one who gave her heart-wrenching pain as a woman who had experienced life.

Evangeline looked down at her wrinkled hand. Even when she was very excited like she had returned to being a young, healthy maiden, she woke up from her delusion when she looked down at her hand filled with signs of age. This was why she didn’t want to see him. She didn’t want to show her old, unattractive self to him, who was still as beautiful as ever.

However, whether it was her anger toward her son who brought her here arbitrarily, or the resentment that surged when she saw him after a long time, they all disappeared in less than a day. She was so happy, every day seemed like a dream.

“I was an idiot. I should have cried that I was sick and dying soon to Cael-nim.”

“Fake sickness won’t work.”

“Aha. You don’t know how good I am at faking sickness. I’m sure you won’t even notice.”

“Are you faking it now?”

“Who knows. What do you think?”

Cael stroked her cheek lightly and mumbled.

“...I hope so.”

“Hm?”

“Is there anything else you want to eat?”

As he changed topic while put away the soup bowl, Evangeline also acted like she didn’t know anything.

“Orange juice. A very sweet one.”

“...We have very sour oranges.”

Evangeline smiled and replied.

“Then I’ll have sour orange juice.”

He placed Evangeline carefully in bed and got up. Evangeline sighed with regret when his body temperature suddenly moved away. She felt sad, watching his back as he walked to the door, and unknowingly called out to him.

“Is there something else you need?”

“...I don’t like my juice too sour.”

She was just grumbling but he thought about it seriously and said, ‘I’ll add honey then’. Evangeline couldn’t believe his affectionate consideration for herself, and even after he was gone, she was grinning to herself.

“...Thank you.”

She knew he didn’t feel the same as her. He was presumably listening to the wishes of a dying person and even though she knew he was likely just sympathizing with the young girl he had a connection with in the past, her heart raced whenever she saw him. Even if it was sympathy, she was happy with it. She was thankful that he held her and didn’t turn away from her.

“I love you...”

It was a confession that was always in her heart, but she could never say it to him. When she was young, she was afraid of rejection, so she was unable to say it, and when she reunited with him, bearing another man’s child, she didn’t dare to. Now, it was impossible for her to say it when she was old and dying.

She was happily waiting for the orange juice he would bring for her, then she heaved a huge sigh, lamentfully. Sleep was overwhelming her senses, bringing her to exhaustion. She had experience this drowsy feeling so many times, so she knew what it was.

After her father-in-law’s death, endless greedy hands stretched towards her, because as her son’s guardian, she had become the real master of the family. How many times did she escape the throes of death? Eventually, she was unable to avoid the last black hand that came for her.

[It’s impossible to know when the poison will attack. But...if the poison attacks again and you fall into a deep sleep, it will be your last.]

Back then, she had calmly listened to the doctor’s death sentence. Although her son was holding and screaming at the doctor, Evangeline was at ease. She had always lived with an empty heart that she could never fill. No matter how hard she tried, nothing could take root. Now she was tired of this life, where she carried the notice of being poisoned like an armor. She didn’t have much of an attachment to life so she didn’t fear the approaching death.

But the god of fate was so incredibly cruel. Why was she allowed to meet him again? Why did she want to live?

‘Cael-nim...’

It was only when death drew near that Evangeline realized how great of a blessing it was to humans. She felt sad, knowing he was stuck walking down time in the future, and perhaps for eternity. She felt like she vaguely realized why he tried to push her away.

I’m sorry. For leaving you who’s alone, all alone in this world again.

‘Don’t forgive me for being selfish till the end. But what can I do? The fact that I can close my eyes next to you...makes me so happy...’

Evangeline slowly sank into a deep sleep that was akin to a sweet poison.

* * *

Cael entered the room with the juice he had squeezed from the oranges himself. He took a little to taste and it tasted both sweet and sour, so he didn’t feel the need to add honey.

She was sleeping.

He placed the juice on the bedside table, then he picked up her arm, wanting to cover her properly with the blanket. Her slender arm was strangely heavy, and his heart sank in his chest as he was seized with a terrifying feeling.

He stood still, and very slowly, turned his gaze to her face. Her complexion was pale, her eyes were closed, and her face was at peace.

“...Evangeline.”

Even though he was calling her name for the first time, she did not respond. His fingers trembled slightly as he brought his hand to her wrist to take her pulse.

Moments later, he sank to his knees and collapsed on the floor beside the bed.

“Hk...”

He couldn’t bear the pain gripping his heart, and gasped for breath, tearing at his chest with both hands. It felt like all the blood in his body was boiling. He couldn’t breathe.

Clear water covered his black irises and fell to the ground. And at the same time, a golden aura began to swirl in his black eyes. The golden energy quickly traveled from his eyes to his veins, passing through his heart before spreading all over his body and he was soon covered in golden light.

Crack! He heard the sound of his frozen heart breaking. Only after losing her did he realize his true feelings. His heart which was frozen from the pain of losing Martha, thawed when he realized his love for her. Perhaps his heart had slowly been thawing without him even realizing it.

He found himself standing in a place that could be described as pure-white or pitch black. This wasn’t the first time. He had been here once, a very long time ago. No matter how hard he tried, he had never been able to come here again apart from that one time, but now, it called him again.

He walked along the golden path. Time flew by next to him. In the midst of time filled with innumerable events and intertwined people, he found a certain woman. A woman he was seeing for the first time, held the pendant on his neck in her hand.

Wanting to know why this woman had his pendant, he followed along the woman’s time. An old man appeared in the woman’s life and he resembled Baden in one way or another. The old man held a newborn baby in his arms and smiled, saying.

‘Dear child, how do you look so much like your grandmother?’

The blonde, amber-eyed newborn baby he held looked a lot like Evangeline.

‘I thought hard about the undeserved request you made for me to name her. The first ancestor of the Baden family said he could not exist without his mother and left a will dedicating all his affection and admiration to his mother. I heard she was someone with a small stature but a mighty spirit. I would like to give her name to the baby.’[1]

Evangeline.

Upon hearing the child’s name, Cael’s eyes flashed open. The golden energy coiling in the air around him, disappeared into the pendant like it was being sucked inside. Even the light pouring from his body disappeared.

Cael took a long, deep breath, trying to control the turbulent emotions rushing into him. Tears flowed from his closed eyes, staining his cheeks.

Was god mocking him for not believing in it or was it showing mercy for his pitiful arrogance? He witnessed miracles and saw destinies. He read the entrancing future of her descendants who looked like her in a very distant future.

Cael stood up and kissed the back of her hand politely as if performing a grand ceremony. Then he took off the pendant which he had never once removed from his body. It was initially a restraint that signified he was a criminal but after he gained new power, the pendant functioned as the nucleus of his magic and it was no different from his life-force.

He waved his finger slightly and the flowing air turned into a wind and the wind became a knife, cutting Evangeline’s finger slightly. Red blood dripped from the cut and onto the pendant.

“Your blood will be both a seal and a key.”

As soon as his muttering came to an end, the pendant trembled like a living being and glowed with a faint light. Then suddenly its movement stopped, and all light disappeared. It became a very old and ordinary, blackish pendant.

────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
Side Story 7.6 (END) - The Beginning of All Stories
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────

THE BEGINNING OF ALL STORIES(6)

“Godfather!”

Baden quickly ran over as soon as his subordinates told him that the ominous aura covering the devil’s forest had disappeared.

The man sitting on his knees by the bedside slowly turned his head. But his face wasn’t one that Baden knew.

The godfather Baden remembered was a mysterious man who never aged and remained the same from when he was a child till even decades later. But the youth of his godfather seemed to have disappeared overnight. His godfather was no longer a young man. Whoever saw him now would say he was obviously a middle-aged man.

“Baden.”

“Is...is it really you...godfather?”

“Say goodbye to your mother.”

“Huh? Mother...? Mother!”

Baden rushed to the bed and broke down wailing. Cael stood up stepped aside a little, waiting for Baden to sufficiently say goodbye to his mother.

When Baden proposed building his mother’s grave in this place, Cael shook his head.

“You should take her with you. If you make your mother’s grave here, no one will be able to check on her and it will soon be abandoned.”

“What about godfather...”

“As you can see, time has begun to flow for me.”

Baden swallowed hard. His godfather was aging quickly as if he was paying the price for maintaining his youth for so many years. When Baden saw him this morning, his godfather looked like a middle-aged man in his later years but in just a few hours, he looked like he had added 10 more years.

“I will escort you. Please come with me.”

“No. My grave will be here.”

“Then I should also...”

“Go.”

“Godfather.”

Cael placed his pendant in Baden’s hand.

“This pendant is connected with your mother’s soul. If your descendants ever find themselves in a crisis, it will be a great help to preserving your legacy.”

Baden took the pendant carefully and put it in his pocket, like it was very valuable. His godfather was a unique individual with a very mysterious set of ability that the average person couldn’t even imagine. A gift from his godfather would not be an ordinary thing.

“I have a request to make.”

“Yes, please. You can ask anything, godfather.”

“Don’t leave any word about me to your future generations. I don’t want to leave any trace of my existence behind.”

“...Yes.”

“Today will be the last day you and I see each other. Don’t ever come here again.”

“Godfather. To me, you were both my teacher and my father. A child abandoning his father is an unfilial act that I cannot consent to.”

“This is my last request. I do not want to show my end to anyone.”

“Godfather...”

Baden’s eyes were filled with tears like he would burst out crying at any moment and from his expression, Cael found the mischievous little boy who used play around him. Evangeline and Baden were miracles that occurred in his dried up life.

In this unpredictable huge world order, he was nothing but a weak and feeble existence. Out of everything he had pursued so desperately, this was the only truth he had gained.

He gave Baden a faint smile.

“Perhaps I am the same. I wish you were my son, Baden.”

Baden bawled like a child.

* * *

Baden didn’t want to leave at all but he had to quickly deal with his mother’s body, so he had no choice but to leave his godfather’s mansion.

When the funeral was over, about ten days had passed. Baden went back to the mansion but the huge building had collapsed and turned into sand. In addition, there was no sign of his godfather anywhere.

Baden felt so stunned that for an entire day, he merely sat down, looking at the pile of rubble.

Time passed and the curtains rose to a period of upheaval. Hundreds of divided forces destroyed each other, or swallowed the other up, growing bigger and bigger and unifying to create a country. Baden made a name for himself as a meticulous subject in the founding of Xenon and was bestowed a title and land. In this new country, Baden created a new family that carried his name.

This was the beginning of the Baden family.

{THE END}